he just looks away from where the spray emits--and barks again ! it also does n't work 100 % of the time...and we 're not sure why . when we fill it , it seems to work fairly well right after but it either does not have as many sprays as it is supposed to , or it is n't working very long . it does work well for my other small dog who is not such a persistent barker . terriers are just too stubborn to care if they 're getting sprayed , i guess .
having read the other reviews of this product on this site , i decided to go ahead and give these collars a shot despite some of the problems other reviewers had encountered . i ordered three of these products from this site , and when they arrived , not a single one of them worked - at all . they were completely useless and despite trying everything other reviewers and the manufacturer suggested , these products are completely useless . although i have contacted the manufacturer of this product about the defects , i would still like the buyer to be aware that if purchasing this product from this website , that if the product does not work , it can not be returned for a refund or even exchanged . thus , your credit card will still be billed , your dogs will still be barking , and you may get stuck with products that are worthless .
sometimes it sprays when she barks , most of the time it does n't . so i would say its effectiveness has been rather low . it 's not the battery or the fill level - maybe it just depends on the dog . i can bark into it myself and it sprays just fine . ( my children found this amusing .
this item is cheaply made and i sent it back . the picture looks cool but it 's deceiving . the minute hand was so loose that when it was on the right side , it flopped down to the right and then when it was on the left , it plopped down to the left . it could n't keep the right time
initially , my dogs found the sound interesting and slowed down on barking , but after a couple of days they acted like they did n't even hear the sound . now , they are back to " bark all you want "
i bought this product hoping it would solve my problem with my barking terrier . he did n't even notice it was there . i put it near his crate and it still did n't stop him from barking . i pushed the manual button and still nothing . it promises to stop annoying barking , but it did n't stop my dog for one minute . it was a complete waste of my money
our dogs did n't even notice it . we have three small terriers and i thought this would be a suitable device for a few house slippers . i was wrong - the kept on barking. .
read the description carefully . it states the speaker range is 50 ' not the microphone . my dog stood 10 ' away from it and even with the sensitivity on high and her barking right at the thing it would n't trigger . matter of fact i never could get it to trigger with barking . the only time it did go off was when i put the batteries in for the first time and my husband was mowing the lawn on his big riding mower and he knocked into a chicken wire fence which made me run out to get it with the unit in my hand . even then it did n't go off till i was about 4 feet from the mower . i also could n't get it to just make the ultrasonic sound . even when switched from audible to ultrasonic you still hear a noise . not just me but my husband too so it 's not a case of super human hearing on my part : - )  yes the timer option is very nice . this was actually why i purchased this one over the others as we only wanted to stop the night barking . but what good is the timer function if the microphone ca n't pick up the barking ? so read these descriptions carefully when looking at these control units . unless your dog always barks in the same spot and you can place this unit under 4 feet from them then pick something else .
i have had my super bark free for 3 years . never really worked the way i hoped but i spent so much on it i keep trying . well now it does n't work . ca n't turn it off and it does n't cycle when the dog barks . i called lentek and the pleasant young man on the phone told me if it was within the warranty period " 1 year " they would just replace it . i told him i was willing to pay to have it repaired . he said , " we are just the distributor and do n't support repairs of our product . that is the key , " they do not support their product "
super bark free did n't work in the least to stop my nextdoor neighbor 's dog 's extremely irritating ear-piercing loud barking - he merely ignored it ( though fortunately my neighbor was good about trying to keep the dog quiet ) . i 'm mad that i wasted a lot of money on a totally ineffective product . if you decide to purchase super bark free , be sure it 's returnable for a full refund if it does n't live up to its claims . and in the meantime , shop around for a more effective product
the one item in your house that you really wish would suck and it certainly does n't ! this thing blows more air than it sucks dirt . what a useless thing . i 'm looking for one that will actually pick up the dirt from the recessed areas of my prefinished floor . this thing certainly does n't do it ! if you 're looking to buy this thing , look again -- there must be something better if not just your regular broom
the design for using the dc adapter with led booklight is extremely poor . it is possible that i missed the warning that tells you to remove the batteries before using the dc adapter . but , it must not have been very big . i combined the two and ended up with batteries that leaked all over inside the battery case . these were brand new batteries . there does not seem to be anything protecting the batteries from the dc adapter and so the power goes right into them . this is bad . modern devices are expected to work with either battery or adapter without having to remove the batteries . i had assumed that i could leave the batteries in so that when i was at home i could use the adapter , but traveling i would use the batteries . do n't make this mistake
i got this fryer only yesterday i fryed some chicken wings and french fries the fries came out with so much oil and cooked for 10 min for a small batch i have been frying for about 10 years and know how to cook very well and i have to say this is just as bad as frying on the stove . i put the oil to the max fill line and with cooking the two things the oil went down to the min line do not buy .
there are a lot of theoretically good ideas that fail when executed . this is one of them . 1/quality : it 's made cheaply , and even before it breaks , it 's flimsiness does not inspire confidence . 2/resistance : the levels of resistance have nothing to do with real progression , as anyone who 'seriously ' uses this will be too strong for the machine in a few weeks , ( many will be unchallenged right from the beginning ) . the standard : if the set is longer than a minute and you still have strength to continue , you need more resistance . 3/compared to crunches : there 's a reason why crunches are done lying down : the weight of the torso supplies a fairly heavy resistance , whereas when you crunch in an uptight position the weight of the torso actually helps the effort , as you are dropping your weight down instead of lifting it up . much of what makes the ab crunch machine 'work ' is your weight dropping on it , not your muscles working . this little piece of plastic does n't have springs strong enough to resist your bodyweight and strengthen your muscles besides . ( you may achieve an isometric contraction that has some effect , but you can get -exactly- this effect , or -better- , without any equipment at all ! just tense up in seated crunch position for minute or so. ) .. . of course , by the time a product is appealing to the public by claiming how supposedly -huge- a hassle lying down ( ? ? ) to do crunches is , we 've reached the real problem : this thing is designed to avoid effort . it seems as though no one goes broke helping people avoid effort . unfortunately , exercise is effort , and the more you avoid effort , the less exercise you get
i have seen this online on other sites and in catalogs for $ 20 ( not on sale either - regular price ) . same siz
the corningware dish is great , my 1 star is not for the item , it is for dynadirect . they are horrible ! item was backordered , but they never told me and charged my credit card . when i called they finally told me it was backordered and i ask that they cancel the order and refund my money . bad , bad servic
i was really hopeful about this product working . i have four dogs , ages 2 through 8 . i tried and tried to teach them how to use this product , but they just never could make the connection of the bark to pushing the button . they just ignored the paw and would n't ever put their paw on it to even touch it
this is very misleading . this item is only half of the package . after its delivered you will find that you must also order more parts to make it work . very disappointed in amazon for allowing this
as this is a consumable food product , i 'd like to know what each color is made of . ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
i am very disappointed . these flowers are worse than what you see at a grocery store . i ended up paying more from another vendor and getting flowers that she liked . i buy roses alot , and i know what a fair cost is for good quality . if you 're paying less than $ 30 , beware
being somewhat of an insomniac i read well into the hours of the night and a book light is essential to me . i therefore purchased the itty bitty booklight . if you do use this light it is essential to purchase the power supply for two reasons . firstly , there is no auto shut-off so if you fall asleep reading your batteries wear down very quickly . secondly , when using batteries , they start dimming rather quickly making it hard on the eyes and difficult to read resulting in the constant need for new batteries . this light is also extremely fragile . over a couple of years i went through 7 of these ! i would not recommend this light - for the amount you spend on the never-ending purchasing of batteries or the expensive power supply , and the constant new purchases after it breaks , you might as well splurge and buy a decent book light . i now have the tri lite by capstone enterprises ( available at barnes & nobel - come on and get it in stock amazon ! ) it is terrific ! it has a clock with an alarm and a timer . you can set it to stay on for any period of time and once it reaches that time the light flashes . at that time you can extend the minutes . if you do n't do so , for example you 're sleeping , it will automatically shut off . it also produces much more light and is much brighter than the itty bitty book light
why does this light cost 30 $ ? for this price and supposedly a bunch of " design awards " , i find this light to be of extremely poor quality . the connection between the chord and the a/c adapter is loose and tends to fall out with the slightest notion of tension . the chord is also very sensitive and needs to be jiggled to get the light to stay on . i am still looking for a better alternative , but for the price , this light is n't worth the investment .
i bought this for my mother-in-law at her request . she has arthritis and saw it on tv . she also wanted the free gripper that came with it . i scoured the listings at amazon looking for one that included the gripper , even paid a little more for it . she used the can opener once and it broke . the " free " gripper required sending away for it and an inflated s&h fee
the can has to be 100 % dent free for this to work . if you have even a tiny imperfection in the shape of the can , this thing wo n't open your product . a great idea , but this needed a little more refinement . paper weight in my min
i bought this electric kettle and while it did heat water very quickly , once i opened the lid the whole pot of water reeked of plastic . needless to say , the water was not drinkable . i do n't know if i was stuck with a bad unit but i would not recommend this electric kettle . buyer beware
i bought these towels to wash my car , so i wanted a thick soft 100 % cotton nap . what i received was on par with the thin towels you 'd find at cheap hotel - not thick or soft . on the plus side , the sewed in tag did say 100 % cotton and it was made in the usa
this product does separate the fat but small bits of meat or vegetables will stop up the spout and the plastic is not heat resistant . mine cracked the first time i used it and after the second use it had to go in the trash can
once upon a time , not too long ago , they made and sold fat separators that permitted the juice to flow out from the bottom of the separator . this meant that the cook could harvest all of the juice , plus the tasty bits , instead of , as with this product , having to strain the sauce first ( for the bits ) and then sacrifice some of the sauce ( a small amount to be sure ) , lest the fat start to flow through the spout as well . this product is really just a step away from spoon and ice cube , and not a big step , considering that it 's not a complete solution . if the cooks 's purpose were to collect the fat--e.g. , chicken schmalz--free from juices , it would present the same problems
works well on carpets not to well anywhere else . the hose attachment is horrible , the hose is about 4 ft long and stiff and is not permanently attached to the vacuum , and when you try to clean furniture the movement losens it and it comes off . i have 2 dogs and 3 cats and i need to be able to clean the furniture . also when you could use the hose on something all the dirt piled up on the floor where the vacuum stood , it was not pulled into the bag . very disappointed with it and would not recommend to anyone with pets .
the international eversharp line is henckels low-end , stamped stainless line . it is not carbon steel . it is not hand-forged . it does not compare to the other henckels lines which are . you get what you pay for . these are cheap knives . this is the first time i have seen a set of henckels knives which could go in the dishwasher....but , that 's because on this line , you do not get henckels lifetime warranty ( which is voided by dishwasher use )
i decided to give this product a shot . some reviewers said the bags would work properly if you do n't overstuff them -- still not true ! a large bag re-inflated when i put 2 standard pillows in it . so i took out 1 pillow and tried again , and the bag was nowhere near being full . it seemed to work all right , but the next morning the pillow had re-inflated ! and if you buy the bags with the zippers , the zippers come off easily , they make sealing more difficult , and one even tore a hole in the bag . i purchased straight from asseenontv.com , but their return policy looks a little weird . i 'm not sure if i 'll get a refund . also be careful if you order straight from asseenontv.com -- i upgraded to express shipping and got my package 12 days later ! i guess the product was just too good to be true .
this is the worst basting brush i have ever encountered . at first countless bristles fell out in my food and every time i washed it . ( although it 's dishwasher safe , it failed to come clean in there , even after a big squirt of dawn and much hand washing it is n't spotless , but i think i pulled most of the loose bristles out in the process . ) it also does n't stand up to any heat , i use it to lightly grease my griddle for pancakes and things ( at about 375 degrees ) becuase i do n't like the residue left by pam , and it shrinks and flakes bristle bits every time . i also do n't like the good grips in general ( these were a gift ) the handles are too bulky and take up too much space in my utensil crock and limited apartment kitchen drawers
the fiestaware scarlet mugs are beautiful but dangerous . the handle is much too small for this size mug . if you can get your finger through the small hole , your finger will soon be as scarlet as the fiestaware . the first and only time my family used these mugs , two of us burned ourselves . fiestaware really screwed up on this one , a shame given the beauty of the scarlet fiestaware
last year , i bought a pizza stone from pampered chef . it was a rousing success with my family . for the 5 of us , however , one stone was not enough and i wanted a companion that would help provide two delicious pizzas at one time . sadly , the product did not come through . my pizza stuck to the stone and had to be scraped off . i tried going against the directions and did n't preheat the stone the second time . it stuck even worse ! the pizza did n't get fully done in the middle , while the pampered chef pizza was perfect both times . i will be throwing the stone away and ordering the higher priced alternative from pampered chef . you get what you pay for ! !
i thought i was getting a true cooking stone - but it is only a bread stone . can not cook other foods on it . i thought i was getting something similar to pampered chef cooking stone where i could cook meat , cookies , etc . and it seasoned the stone as it was used . if all you want is pizza or bread this may be the item - but it is very limited in use for the amount of space it takes up in the cabinet .
purchased the unit about 6 months ago and have never been happy with it . the heating plate under the pot started to rust ; the pot leaks every time it 's poured ; it 's almost impossible to pour water into the water chamber without spilling it ; the handle of the coffee basket broke within a few months ; and two days ago the entire top of the unit snapped off when we opened it to pour in the water . we purchased this unit because of the cuisinart brand and the stainless steel carafe . we will not purchase another
i have a kitchenaid model k5sswh heavy duty mixer and they do not fit over my 5 qt bowl . i regrettably only read the editorial review and bought these covers thinking i can snap them on . i use them to loosely cover my attachments now , but i could have used anything for that
as shannon says , kitchenaid mixer bowl covers are terrific for storing food and attachments . but be warned : these particular covers may not fit your mixer bowl ! i purchased a new artisan mixer &amp ; ordered these to go along with it , but they are too small . they do not fit the artisan or ksm90 mixer bowls . models they fit are kbc5n , k5ss , &amp ; ksm5 only
started having problems with hot water spraying out and burning those who stand in front . contacted melitta and they said they are aware of the issue and i have to " purchase " a pod holder adapter due to the pods are too thick . i questioned charging people for something they manufactured and were notified was defective , the dummy on the phone did n't have an answer . i do not recommend this product . maybe a class action is due
i ordered this after reading that it " includes 6 18 ounce bowls " . this is bad advertising . i ordered 2 sets and only received 2 bowls . after i wrote to customer service and asked for the additional 10 bowls per the offer . amazon refused to send them and thanked me for " pointing out an error " . in 2 days amazon has not even corrected the ad . beware of this product and offer and know that amazon has not made good on its offer . i have ordered many products from this site , but will be more skeptical in the future , and will only order an item if it is an individual item with a name brand that i can track
i am a big fan of espresso and espresso drinks but needed to save money so i bought this to make it at home . making espresso is easy enough if you follow the instructions ( i did n't watch the video ) . the frother even works well . the problem i had was with the flavor . the manual suggests making two or four shots of espresso at a time , but when making four shots the espresso was badly burned by the time it was finished brewing . i had best results making just over one shot at a time , but the flavor was still burned and flat . in the end , i used the machine for a couple months but eventually put it away and went back to my regular drip coffee maker
everything sticks to these pans ! i can not get off the potato residue and i 'm probably just going to throw them away . they are awkwardly heavy . they do not warp , but they do pop out of shape ( this happens when the pans are in the oven and you 'll hear a very loud , scary pop ) . just awful .
i have not received this item yet . i tracked this item and it seems that it was delivered aug 12 to phoenix , az . i live in oklahoma and that was the address on the shipment . what can be done about this ? thank yo . please let me hear from you soon . l. jackson
i ca n't believe this is a rowenta product ! if you decide to disregard the reviews , here are some things from the owners manual ( which i read before using the iron - and followed to the letter ) to give you an idea how temperamental/high-maintenance this item is :  * do not use distilled water . you can use tap water - if it 's not too hard ( less than 12 grains - who actually knows this ? ) . softened water can also cause problems . basically , if you use anything except bottled water , expect problems ! * empty the water from the iron after every use . failure to do so will result in leaking or spitting  * other than the rowenta soleplate cleaning kits ( which run about $ 12 ) , the only instructions/recommendations for cleaning the soleplate are what not to use . i had a very inexpensive panasonic iron for years - given panasonic is not really " known " for this type of item , my expectations were not high . it lasted 7 years with no problems and was low and/or no maintenance . do n't count on the rowenta name to equate to higher quality on this one
i just got one of these nifty looking canisters , but mine seems to spell out " tea of cowage " ! lol. . it seems the script of the u merged with the r and thus made a 'w'. . there is no space between the lower case u and r .  too funny ! thanks pfaltzgraff ! good production quality control ! if i could post a picture of it here in this review i would ! edit : i did get a second one of these shipped from amazon , and that one also had the misspelling . will someone who has purchased one of these recently please post a review and mention if this product still says " tea of cowage " ? thanks
the cofee carafe keeps brew hot for hours ! i have had 4 spillages and alot of mess to clean up because the filter must be aligned properly or else ! i also can not figure out how to program... one of the most important features for me buying.. . i really wish i could send this back
despite my by-the-book care of these knives , i still get rust stains that are nearly impossible to get off . i do not have that problem with other knives in my collection , but these clean up like cheap steel . not very attractive , and you do n't want to eat with them
love those irobot products and everything they 're capable of doing . in fact , this was my third purchase , but my first remanufactured product . what a headache ! the product worked correctly just three times , then died . both technical support and customer service from irobot were helpful and prompt , but still took weeks to resolve the issues . i tried a different way of recharging , which did n't work . then they replaced the battery , but that still did n't solve the problem . ultimately i had to send the product back , then waited more than a month for a replacement , which was on backorder . finally , they substituted a different model , and which works just as advertised . i 'd never buy another remanufactured model . but i still believe in irobot .
fiesta scarlet is a beautiful color and the sugar and creamer with tray is really great . mine arrived broken and i had difficulty returning it so i remain disappointed and unwilling to try again .
please note that i have several henckel knives that i really like , so this is definitely not a anti-henckel biased review . there is really only one problem with this knife - the blade is way too thick . if there 's only one problem - then why do i give it only one star ? well , this one problem completely ruins this knife . the 'eversharp ' name i 'm sure refers to the fact that the serrations are not the standard " wave pattern " you 'd see on most bread knives . instead , each serration has several smaller serrations and spikes built in . i know that this is supposed to ensure that the knife will never end up dull - but in the process it makes it horrible at doing any kind of delicate cutting . plus , the blade is not flexible in any way due to the extreme thickness . unless you are cutting the sturdiest bread out there , you 'll crush it while trying to slice with this blade . forget about cutting any kind of soft bread or pastry . i 've found that some of our cheap steak knives work far better than this knife . i 've come to the conclusion that this knife is horrible after comparing it to two other bread knives i now own . the first was a paderno ( small canadian company ) that we got for our wedding , and the second was a global bought from amazon . both are considerably more expensive than this knife , but there are other , more economical options out there that are still far better . you want to find a nice , thin blade with even and sharp serrations . if you 're looking to stay in this price range , you wo n't find anything forged - these will all be stamped or laser cut - but that 's fine - the bread knife does n't need to be strong like your chef 's knife . pros : -cheap  cons : -mashes your bread while it cuts -hard to get started through crusts due to blade thickness -the 'spiky ' serrations are dangerous to your fingers ( think many tiny needles along the blade ) - they tend to nick you easily - but they are useless for their intended purpose of cutting bread . suggestion : steer clear . if you can afford it , get a global ( or even a better henckel ) . otherwise , look for a the thin stamped blade
terrible ergonomics ! it was so difficult and uncomfortable to keep the trigger engaged and carve at the same time . my hand was aching by the time i 'd carved the brisket . i 've never used a more awkward or uncomfortable appliance
this grill is better in theory than practice . i 'm not sure it heats to the temp it shows on the display and it really is n't practical for steaks except very thin ones . it 's pretty handy for hamburgers and also makes good panini sandwiches . i have n't tried some of the other recipes so i ca n't really comment on anything else . it is easy to clean , so that 's a plus
the only thing this juicer is good for is to find out if you will really be into juicing . this juicer lasted for 3 months while juicing 3 to 5 times a week ( for two people ) . at 3 months the tray that holds the blade warped and started spitting plastic into the drink . i considered getting another one to have spare parts....then i scraped that idea and got a real juicer . besides being cheaply made...it should also be priced cheaper . also the blade takes a while to clean
and when i requested a return amazon said they would send me a return label , but did n't . nor did they respond to my email advising i never received the return label . this is my last order from amazon
i felt disapointed with the quality of this bake set . the grill cover started to desapair , and the last time i cooked a stek using this set , the paint sticked to the meat , leaving black spots . it started to show deteriorazion and everytime i washed i have to dried it up immediately otherwise mark of rust starts to show soon . the deep pan it is ok , perhaps because i did not used that piece with the same frequency . i never used metal utensills or harsh detergents durig the cleaning , i always leave it in hot water first and later do the cleaning , to avoid scratches . thank you for your attention nilda
purchased this set and on the first use the non-stick finish , started peeling off . not worth buying
the temperature markings on this thermometer are not protected ! over time the markings get occluded by grease and if you try to wash the grease off the markings come with it . this means the thermometer has a short life span for people who rely on the markings for anything ( which granted is not everyone ) . last time i buy an oven thermometer in which the markings do n't sit behind a glass face !
i could n't wait to get the dyson root 6 - i 've had my dyson dc 07 for 4 years and i love it , so i figured the mini-version would be fantastic . i have 3 dustbusters ( one on each floor ) and i was looking forward to the dyson version , which i was convinced would be top notch . i 'm so sorry to be wrong . first off , having to press the button continuously to make it work is a pain . and speaking of pain , the root is so heavy and unbalanced - all the weight is in the back which puts a lot of strain on your wrist . i have n't noticed any difference in suction to a dustbuster , but then again , i do n't suck up bowling balls . a dustbuster picks up lint and cat litter just as well . save your money - this dyson ai n't worth it
i was looking for a springform pan for a particular recipe that called for 3&quot ; sides . i was delighted when i saw that you had one so i ordered it . the item was misrepresented as the sides are like any other springform with 2&quot ; sides . i am sure it is a good pan , but it didnot meet my expectations
i just bought this fan and it is too loud ! even on its lowest setting , the noise is a bit much . it does put out a stiff breeze , but i 'm not sure it 's worth it . my black and decker tower fan is better
had to return the first one because of a lock malfunction ( it locked but would not unlock ) . amazon was great about responding immediately and replacing it promptly . however , the lock on the second one does not work properly , either ( it does n't lock ) , though i will keep it , since keeping little hands safe is not an issue in my home . this item is a good way of storing blades and disks , but unless cuisinart comes up with a more reliable locking mechanism , do n't count on it to protect small hands from getting into it .
i 've heard of others complaining that these probes will end up failing under " normal " use... something goes wrong at some point , and they just do n't read right anymore . i love my taylor digital thermometer , and these probes seem to work with the taylor , but i went through 3 probes very quickly . i use them in my weber barbeque when doing indirect heat cooking . in spite of the fact that i took care to not route the cable over a burner , or anything of that sort , each probe lasted only 5 or 6 uses . i had ordered three at one time , and all of them failed in a similar way . there are other probes available that are better ! there is one available on the internet that is sold as a taylor probe replacement . these probes look the same ( with the 90-degree elbow bend and the right-angle mini-plug ) , but they have a smooth grey silicone-rubber sheathed cable , instead of a metal braid sheath . i bought several of these ( reasonably priced , around $ 12 or so ) , and so far , they have worked like champs with no failures and accurate readings from freezing to boiling . i would not recommend these probes based on my experience with very high failure rates .
when our wonderful cuisanart four-slice toaster finally died , we replaced it with this horrible piece of junk , because it seemed most similar to the old one . what a mistake ! - even on the lowest setting , this toaster burns the crust at the bottom . - it is not easy to tell if you have it set for two slices or four . with the old toaster , it was very easy to see . - the push-down slider does not move freely and sometimes has to be pushed down two or three times before it engages . - the old toaster let you select " defrost " and " bagel " at the same time . the new toaster lets you select one or the other . all in all , a big waste of money and a major disappointment .
the toast was black on setting 4 , black and dark tan on setting 3 , and dark tan and untoasted on setting 2 . this is appalling performance for such an expensive toaster , and not worthy of cuisinart
i purchased one like this last december.on the 13th month i owned it it began to leak from the spout.i emailed breville 2-3 times and they never even responded ! their web site states they always respond within 3 days.do n't believe them and do n't buy a product from this company
i ordered 3 ( 2x ) sets of these so that i would have a full complement of 6 cookie sheets . when they arrived , i noted that they were a bit lighter than the commercial quality cookie sheets that i had used previously , but my thinking was that if they baked well , that was all that counted . i always bake with an exopat silicone mat on my sheets . upon the first use , when they were placed in the oven , the edges of the cookie sheets turned up about a quarter of an inch - an ominous sign that the sheets are too thin . the next thing i heard was the tap tap tap of sheets buckling in the oven . lack of dimensional stability at 350 degrees f translates to poor heat conduction , and burned cookie bottoms . this symphony of metal buckling , courtesy of my new $ 15 cookie sheets . even with the exopat silicone sheets on them , the cookies were barely done when i decided to pull them from the oven to save the bottoms from getting burned - typical of cheap , thin cookie sheets that one knows one needs to " double pan " to prevent burning . what a wonderful situation amazon has presented me with - $ 90 and a garbage can full of cookie sheets . yes , into the garbage all six sheets went - no matter how costly , its even more so to live with poor quality baking implements and invent work-arounds to augment their performance . these are no better than inexpensive supermarket cookie sheets - actually they 're worse - with the price-point of supermarket wares , one can infer the quality that one is getting . i used to believe brands like calphalon stood for quality , and this translated into some assurance that products bearing premium names would be of , at least , mezzanine quality . when i buy on the web and can not better scrutinize the items i 'm choosing , i tend to favor trusted brands . as it turns out , these sheets did not have the calphalon name on them anywhere - calphalon apparently made the decision to buy up a bunch of cheap -made in china- cookie sheets and sell them at a premium price by leveraging the calphalon brand . with the holiday baking season upon us , what do i plan to replace them with ? the vollrath cookie sheets ( not non-stick , but i use silicone mats , so do i care ? ) recommended in cooks illustrated magazine . they 're in stock at chef resource - their price everywhere is $ 19 but most vendors are out of them . they 're due to arrive via ups day after tomorrow - tuesday , 10/17 . holiday baking is much too sacred a tradition to be left in the hands of calphalon , apparently . if i could give them no stars or provide an icon of 6 sheets going into the trash , i would so rate them .
you truly get what you pay for in this case . we bought the red ones and they have left fuzzies all over the house . in the dryer , you need to check the lint trap frequently , as they shed like mad . they are not smooth and cozy , they have a very high coefficient of friction and it 's sorta hard to scootch around on them . i would not recommend .
product not even worth a penny . impossible to use after the first wash..wont recommend to anyon
i thought it was a good deal to order a " factory-reconditioned " roomba 4210 discovery to save some money , however.. . it arrived ! i excitedly opened the box . first impression.. . the unit was dirty , very heavily scatched and scuffed . not exactly a good first impression . i then lifted the roomba out of the box and i was immediately covered with dirt and dust . the bottom of the box was also filled with dirt and dust and hair . i flipped it over and discovered the brushes covered with dirt , dust and someones ( or somethings ! ) hair . i was grossed out , but even worse , the other person in the room ( who suffers from allergies ) started to sneeze violently . i spent the next 20 minutes thoroughly vacuuming the entire room and all other horizontal surfaces i could reach . i think it is very obvious that nobody did anything with this roomba since the previous owner returned it besides transfer the polystyrene packing box to a new cardboard box that says " remanufactured " on it ! in summary - be very careful ! ! ! if you ordered a " factory-reconditioned " , be aware that it might be pre-filled with someone elses dust , dirt , hair and who knows what else . i think i might have to bite the bullet and pay full price . i like the idea of this product , but not the pre-filled one i received
when it works , this blender does a fine job , and looks great . however , our first one quit turning the blades in less than a year . we sent it in , after many calls to customer service , and they kept the darned thing for 3 months before deciding to send us a replacement . the replacement lasted only 2 years before the blades broke . during that 2 years , we figured out that our extra set of blades did n't fit in bottom ring properly , and allowed fluid to pour through the motor . great . i should have save up to buy a vitamix instead
on 8/15/06 , i purchased and irobot roomba scheduler . within one month of purchase , it failed completely and would not work at all . on the irobot website , it claims that their customer service department is open 24/7 , and they guarantee a reply to an email within 24 hours . i sent an email , and i never heard anything back from them at all . after a week , i called their technical support line , and i waited on hold for 38 minutes before being able to speak to a technician , who swiftly determined that my unit was defective and needed to be replaced . i was told to mail in my defective unit and that another one would be shipped to me . it is now 11/9/2006 and i have received nothing and heard nothing from irobot . do not purchase one of these units unless this kind of product unreliability and abysmal technical support is appealing to you .
at first i was pretty happy with the grater , but after a few days of use i started to notice that i was getting small shavings of metal as well as shredded cheese . i am no longer using it and would not recomend it to anyone
well , i 'm not terribly impressed with this metal rotary grater . yes , it will grate cheese , but the gap between the drum and compartment that holds the cheese is a little over 1/4 of an inch . this allows for the cheese to get 'gummed ' up and eventually that large wad just falls through . also , for harder cheeses this means you 're constanty picking out chunks of cheese that should have been grated . i 've yet to find a rotary grater i 'm happy with . i 've broken several plastic models within 2 days of owning them . while i 've yet to break this metal model , it just does n't perfrom very well . i 'm still using my stand-up grater
i bought this to replace my old mouli grater which finally bit the dust . big mistake . it is sturdy and reasonably well designed , but the grating surfaces barely work at all , or at least mine did n't . to get it to grate cheese takes a long time and a lot of muscle , so much so that you are likely to start wondering how badly you really want the grated cheese . i tried the grater drum on reasonably fresh parmesan and later tried the shredder drum on jarlsberg . neither drum worked satisfactorily . that may be because it is made in china where hard western-style cheese is nearly unknown . yeah i know it says miu france but the box clearly says " made in china " . i finally got so mad i threw it out in frustration
i have the artisan kitchenaid mixer and this cover is too bulky for it . it is too long at the bottom and just unpleasing to the eye . would recommend just leaving your mixer uncovered . hope this was helpful
well , i just got my blender , real excited to use it , filled it up with the ingredients , flipped on the switch , and within 5 seconds it started smoking , badly , and then died . i turned it off and tried to turn it on again , and all it did was make a grumbly noise . so i am sending it back and sticking with my old hamilton that i have had for 9 years . why did i quit using it in the first place . $ 20 blender and it made a perfect smoothie . $ 79 for this waring and it crashed and burned on me . my advice is it looks nice , but it is n't worth the money , especially since it died right away on me . oh well.. .
when i bought this item i attempted to test it in hot water . my only comparison was another grocery store thermometer which was n't accurate . it appeared to register better than the grocery store model . however , when using it to make chocolate fudge , by the time it registered 225 degree 's , the fudge was thickening in the pan , not a pretty sight . i used it correctly and it has been stored according to manufacturers direction . it has a 5 year limited warranty for replacement . i do n't feel it 's worth the trouble to send back as i do n't want another of this brands products , ever . it 's going in the garbage as i attempt to find an accurate , well calibrated candy thermometer
got this product by mistake from chef 's tools . grinding mechanism is made of plastic and it does not grind pepper . have the black magnum and is the best peppermill ever , ( thats why we wanted a second one for the kitchen ) . our black peppermill did not come from chef 's tools
discount any review of a blender that reflects only several months of use . as a smoothie addict , shoveling a dozen or more ice cubes into the jar daily , i 'm still looking for a machine that can go the distance ( is a full year 's use asking too much ? ) . the braun burned out in the first 90 days , faster than my black and decker , oster , even hamilton beach ( though it lasted longer than back to the basics ) . the best thing i can say for the braun is that it does n't have the impossible-to-clean push buttons ( always look for a single switch , a knob , or a touch-pad ) . otherwise , their shavers have served me better , mowing down whiskers more dependably than ice cubes . i 'm going back to the beginning and giving the classic single-switch oster another try , though i 'm beginning to feel guilty about cluttering the landfills with more broken machinery and useless glass jars
i use a blender to do two things : 1 ) make smoothies ; and 2 ) stir batter for crepes . this device apprently can not handle frozen fruit . the white , plastic " teeth " on the bottom of the blades , that mesh / connect to the motor 's " teeth , " immediately started breaking . three smoothies later only one plastic tooth remains and it is starting to fracture . ( my smoothies were made of yogurt , o.j. , some frozen mango... nothing extreme . )  as far as the crepes go , even with only one " tooth " remaining , this baby still can stir eggs , milk , and a little flour ( thank you for small miracles ) . but... the glass jug is a dribbler . when you pour batter or smoothies or whatever , some of the liquid will always ( i mean always ) dribble off the glass jug 's lip , down the front of the jug , down the front of the control panel , and also into the recessed area where those " teeth " meet each other . so... you have to clean all the blender each time you use it ( i.e. , the jug , the control panel , the recessed area in which the jug sets ) not just clean the jug . what a pain in the neck . once the last tooth breaks , this baby is going in the garbage .
this citrus juicer has a very good external design . the problem is that 30w is not enough power for doing the job well : normal orange presure stops de motor ! the transmission of the power is done by cheap plasic parts , so they broke easily . these parts broke after a dozen of uses in my case , so i do not recommend this machine .
ok...so this isnt a review,but a question i have on this product . where is the instruction manual to this thing ? what do the lines above the alcohol names mean . there are two , three , even four lines above some of the alcohol names . does it mean the amount of alcohol that is supposed to be put into that particular drink . please answer...for it has left many of us flustered . thank you very muc
this mixer runs too fast , even in it 's lowest setting . the beaters tend to throw food out of the mixing bowl . uncontrolable . would not suggest purchasing
warped badly upon receipt . too much of a pain to return it . it is already in the tras
while seeing this pasta bowl on sale for $ 4.99 here at amazon.com , i did n't think twice to purchase several of them will all kind of color availalbe 2 weeks ago . what a great price ! i was so excited and waiting on the door on the schedule delivery day . the packing is nice and secure . the color was so vivid at the first sight , but.... after i took a hard look , almost half of the bowls are defective ! ! un-colored white spot , un-glazed bubble holes , black dots/stain inside of the bowl . even defective spots are tiny , but they are so obvious . they just do n't look good with those flaws on them ! i was so....disappointed and frustrated as i went through all the 21 bowls i ordered . by the way , the black bowl have no name or mark of the manufacturer on the bottom of the bowl . i will say those are probably the factory-secondary products . it turned out i have to return almost half of the bowls and keep those bowls with bearable defectiveness , such as vague stamp of the manufacturer on the bottom of the bowls . of course , all the black ones are returned since they are no-name with the bad quality . no one will even believe they are fiestaware ! !
tired of exploring every possible way to ruin a pot of rice , i was looking forward to something that would do the job well and consistently . no such luck with this one ! first , it uses a different measuring system for the rice ( " rice cooker cup " ) than it does for the water ( " regular measuring cup " ) , so if you need more or less than the few amounts they list it 's back to guesswork again ! worse though , is that the amount of water they call for is hugely more than is actually needed , so it boils very fast while pumping out all the excess water as steam . for those who might like to take a steam bath while they cook this would be great . one might figure out how to adjust the measuring , but there seems no way to slow the boiling down to lessen the steam output . since water boils at the same temperature , fast or slow , it makes no sense . yet another gripe is that it automatically goes into " warm " mode when it is finished . may be handy to have the warm option , but if you do n't realize it 's done and its left on " warm " for ten minutes the rice turns into a solid slab . it seems very well made , and handsome bau-haus design , but unfotrtunately i ca n't use it because of the above problems . others ' experience may vary . keep in mind i 'm very good at ruining rice . i just do n't need help doing it ! david
i hardly ever write reviews but i felt the need to on this item . i bought the senseo deluxe last night , i wanted the deluxe model so that i could also make tea . the setup was quick and easy and the price was great compared to the competition . here 's the problem , i brewed a cup of coffee and this was the weakest coffee ever and i 'm not even a big coffee drinker . to make matters worse each pod only makes 4oz of coffee . who drinks only 4 ounces of anything . you would need to use 2 pods just to make 8 oz and then the coffee is still weak . which is wear the waste of money comes in . the senseo pods are the same price as the home cafe pods but you will go through them twice as fast . i personally ended up returning this machine and getting a tassimo this morning . i originally bought the senseo because i didnt want to spend tassimo money but in the end you pay for what you get . now the tassimo is great . i 've made hot chocolate for my daughter and tea for my son . everyone likes it . good luck everyone .
this was an excellent item...for about 3 uses...then the mandoline would not hold to one thickness...it keeps opening up to maximum cut depth . miu france says this is not their problem... " just buy a new one " . with an attitude like that...and product failure so quickly.....yes , i will buy a different brand...and avoid miu france product
it 's too bad .. . i really wanted this to work , since i love soft serve . but after using it twice i donated to goodwill . it would be great if somebody brought out a home version of the " drill " thing they use in some frozen yogurt places . until then the best bet is to let the ice cream or frozen yogurt thaw in the fridge for a few hours , then stir it up with a spoon until it 's the preferred level of softness
the black & decker ic200 arctic twister ice cream mixer is a product that you must not purchase . it is a total waste of money . it 's designed to make soft-serve ice cream at home . the are not enpough pro 's and way too many cons . the only pro : it makes soft-serve ice cream when ever you want . cons 1 . it 's loud and noisy 2 . the ice cream you use in it must be as frozen as it is the second it comes out of the freezer which makes it very hard to scoop out . 3 . if not used correctly , it make a huge mess . 4 . it wastes ice cream . when you use this product , half of the ice cream gets stuck inside the machine . 5. by the time its finished , ice cream is pratically melted . 6 . you ongly get about 1/3 of what you put in the machine . the rest gets stuck inside the machine . 7 . you have to hold onto the on switch while operating the machine . 8 . you have to hand pump the ice cream into soft-serve yourself . this black & decker ic200 arctic twister ice cream mixer is such a waste of money . i so reccomend not buying this . just going to dairy queen or baskin robins is a much easier and cleaner solutio
i had a black and decker processor that i got as a wedding present over twenty years ago , and it never let me down once . when it was time to get a new one , i got this 1500 thinking that it 's a b&d and i ca n't go wrong . well as as soon as i tried to grate some cheese the plastic ring on the shredder/grater blade snapped off . the next time i used it a metal pin in the pastic cover that holds the blade securely broke the plastic groove it was in . too bad b&d went down the drain through the years
i received my food processor for christmas . i had noticed the same processor at a different store that came with a bonus blade for fine shredding . i decided to see if i could buy accessories for mine online . i could not find any accessories or replacement parts for the power pro ii . i was concerned about the number of unfavorable reviews i came across during my search . despite the numerous negative comments concerning the motor going out , i decided to keep it . i used it for the first time tonight to make a sauce and was only halfway finished when it stopped working ! i strongly recommend not purchasing this food processor
i read the reviews after i purchased it . we made grated cheese ( turned out so so ) and * tried * to make hummus but it would n't even turn the blade and was very , very noisy . i 'm returning it to target tomorrow . if it ca n't stand up to crushing a few cooked beans then it 's no good to me . until i find a better one i 'm using my 10 speed osterizer blender i 've had for 10 years . it made hummus easily
i purchased this black &amp ; decker food processor on 12/30/04 at target . i used it the first time to grate cheese and loved it . however , i used it tonight for only the 2nd time to chop some onion and celery and it started smelling hot . smoke started pouring out the back . i will be returning to target tomorrow and not purchasing another black &amp ; decker kitchen appliance
i love the colors and the heat resistance but found the wooden handle on one spatula rough and splintery . also the spatula is showing nicks on the edges of the silicon....do n't understand because i do n't use it on rough edged bowls or pans
if i could give this thing a negative number , i would . i just threw away 2 large bags of brown sugar because , after i had thrown away the bags the sugar came in , i could not get the z845 to work . what a mess ! i had brown sugar all over that part of my kitchen . on a couple of occasions the sealer has worked without creating a vacuum . this time it appeared to be trying unsuccessfully to pull all the air out of the bag , but the bag never sealed . i have watched the video several times and have read and re-read the instructions . at first i thought i was not operating it correctly , but now i believe the foodsaver is the problem . the first time i used it , to seal a quantity of chicken for the freezer , it worked beautifully . it has n't worked right since then . another problem is that it wastes an amazing amount of plastic material . is it possible this thing was invented for the purpose of selling refills , rather than to work as a sealer
these dishes , first of all , are just beautiful . the white looks so wonderful on the table and the presentation is just fabulous . that said , be prepared to buy and buy and buy these if you like the looks of them . they break horribly easily and the cleanup , well , we just wo n't go there . i 've had mine for 10 years and now i 'm down to just two of the serving pieces . they break very easily in the oven , in the cabinet , you name it , it 's gone . if you 're looking for a better one , go for the le creuset la poterie line , or just grab a longaberger one . they 're definitely worth it because you 'll just have to keep buying these to keep them looking good and in one piece . i hate trying to clean these after using them so i just do n't use them anymore for anything but to mix items . that way , nothing gets baked on them and i am not breaking nails scouring off the mess . i definitely recommend getting something else
we registered for this as a wedding gift and were disappointed to find the large dish shattered in both the first and second box we picked up . it 's a very attractive set ; too bad it ca n't actually contain food due to broken corners , ca n't be washed in a dishwasher , ca n't be used on the stove , and ca n't be used to broil ! you ca n't use the ramikin dishes for creme brulee , which is why i wanted them . additionally , target does n't allow you to open the box in the store to check the merchandise . i realize most of the other reviews complain about the shattering too , but i just thought i 'd point out that the corningware does n't have to be shipped to you to arrive broken
the blender part that holds the blade broke the second time i used it to crush ice . the food processor part works ok , but the major problem is it 's extremely loud . it 's beyond the pain level . it 's so loud , i have to use hearing protection or my ears are ringing for 15 minutes afterwards . it 's louder than my circular saw
i picked this up recently and tried several varieties of loose tea in it . the bottom line is that tea does get stuck in the one that i own . i have tried a couple of methods to get the tea out to no avail . it might be hard to see from the picture , but the " holes " for the water are actually slits in the bottom around the bottom rim of the infuser . the slits are actually sickle shaped and the tea gets caught in the narrow areas . i imaging that differences in the cuts would either make or break this product . in my case they make me want to break it
i had the unit for about 4 weeks before it broke completely . the rake would continually get clogged from the clumping litter , even with daily cleaning . sometimes the unit would cycle on and off all night , very noisily , until i put a timer on it to turn off at night . it was very diffult to clean , even with daily inspection . go the old fashioned way , with a tray and a liner
great idea , horrible execution . disgusting to clean , rake gets clogged . there are much better options . litter robot is well worth the extra cost
at first it looked like it was going to work great ( when the litter was clean ) . after a day or so , it was n't cleaning very well . i got better litter and it started working better , but still not great . litter gets in the crevices and gets stuck to the rake . after about two weeks of use , the rake stopped moving backwards . i tried to fix it , but it just wo n't go in reverse . overall , this was a big waste of time and money . i 'm not even going to try to get another one . a good old fashioned litter box with good clumping litter is less work than trying to get this thing to work properly while keeping it clean . it 's too bad as it had a promising beginning . do not buy
i loved this bread machine , but it broke after owning it for about three years . my husband took it apart to try to fix it , but could not repair it . it was making bread and just turned off . we could not get it to turn back on and the manual was not helpful in trying to fix such a problem . we now have to replace it . it worked great until it just stopped working . i think a breadmaker should last longer then three years . also , i did need to make sure the ingredients in the corners of the pan got mixed into the dough , so i could n't just program it and leave the house
i followed breakin instructions as written on pg 3.the clear see-thru top warped.unit works,but is ugly . i contacted salton and was told my unit was out of warranty,too old ! i mailed copies of my invoice . no response.i gave up.i was very happy with your service,but wonder if driving to walmart might have been better . sincerely ,  john c bennet
the information on the pages that pertain to this hose needs to be changed to reflect the fact that the hose does not fit hoovers with a hepa system . it only fits hoovers with product # 's beginning u53.. , u54.. , u64. . i ordered it along with a new windtunnel that has a hepa system , since the product information stated that these 2 items were bought together by other people . unfortunately , it does not state that these people ( now including me ) have to return the hose because it does not fit all windtunnels . so be sure to check and doublecheck before you buy . . .
upon opening the box i found that the information given in the buying information for this product did not reflect the actural product . for one thing it only fits unright windtunnel models that use bags . this hose is for models beginning with u53 , u54 and u64 only
i bought this set and was very pleased until the grater just snapped at the handle . this implies that there is a support problem with the manufacturers design
i use this rice cooker mostly for brown rice and it is a fiasco . you need to put in 1/2 the water that you are supposed to , wait until that is cooked in and then add the other half . adding all the water up front causes the cooker to boil over - a real mess with rice . it looks ok , but it just is n't the quality item you would expect with the name cuisinart . the price is also reasonable , so its not the end of the world - it might be better for things that do n't require as much water or cook time ( like white rice )
bought one recently from a mervyns sale . rice burned especially at the bottom ( black & crunchy ) . so i returned and got another one in case the 1st one was defective . nope , did the same thing . so next go around , i added more water , but still the rice tasted funny- a burned taste- although the rice did n't burn as much this time . for the cost and design , i was hoping this would be a great rice cooker . design element is cool especially wiith the retractable cord , however , this cooker ca n't even perfom its main purpose- just plainly cook rice without burning it . yes , i did add enough water and followed instructions and used the measuring cup . hopefully they 'll improve it . better yet , maybe krups can design a better abd sleek-looking yet working rice cooker
i bought this in october , 2004 because i wanted something small for my kitchen . you can not cook over 2 cups of rice without it spurting out all over the cooker . now , it shuts off mid-way and i have to wait for it to cool down and try to reset it . hopefully the " powers that be " will read these comments and make improvements
i ended up returning this because every time i tried it with brown rice it burned the rice . i even tried doubling the recommended water amt . for brown rice and it still burned .
air purifiers were recently reveiwed by consumer reports magazine . they are quite ineffective and can be dangerous to your health . for further info , read article in consumer reports
i had a hard time with this product . the item does not cut the dough well and the ravioli kept opening as a result of this . in my opinion , i like the size of a 12 count ravioli maker better . this 10 count makes ravioli thats too large
i have many fond childhood memories of making and decorating sprtiz cookies with my mother . she had an old copper and stainless steel cookie press and it turned out perfect cookies almost everytime . when i found the kitchenaid cookie press on clearance for a mere $ 4.97 at my local sears , i snatched it up with high hopes of recreating those fond childhood memories in the kitchen . it 's not a bad cookie press , but it 's definitely not the best out there , i 'm sure...and it does n't stack up at all to my mother 's old-fashioned one . as stated in another review , many discs do n't seem to work at all well with this press . i tried the tree , candy cane , and star discs and every single one just squirted out an uneven messy blob . somehow the press pushed out the dough unevenly out of the press , so that one side of the shape was a blob while the other side was barely out of the press . the rosette , swirl , and ribbon shapes did fairly well , though they turned out much larger shapes than the older model i 'm used to...hence extending the baking time of the cookies . i 'm used to nice , thin , crispy ribbons , but this press turned out very thick ones . i was also not very fond of the ratcheting style of the press . it felt as though i had less control over it than the squeeze-gun type . if i 'd paid full price for this press , i would have been a bit upset at the quality , but having paid only $ 5 for it , i 'm just disappointed because i had thought kitchenaid to be a better quality brand than what i 've seen in this cookie pres
i am a major fan of " le creuset " pots and have a number of them but i must say that their kettle is not up to par . like the other lady said , it does spit out water ( substantially at that ) when it boils on the stove . i am finally throwing mine out to the garbage since i have had it for a while and the coating at the inside bottom of the kettle is coming apart and i have been boiling " contaminated " water since a while...i just noticed one day that there was this stuff floating on top of the water....i wonder what kind of chemicals i have been putting in my body ? ? ?
i have probably seen hundreds of tea kettles by now and still love the look of this one the best . only problem is that they rust ! ! ! i had mine a few weeks when i noticed the rust spots on the interior . i do n't imagine the enamel could have been chipped on the inside of the pot , so it must have happened simply because i leave water in my tea kettle at all times . the directions that come with this kettle say not to do so , but any serious tea drinker like me knows that 's unrealistic . i threw mine out and am very disapointed that something that cost so much money did n't last long at all . i thought le creuset was supposed to be really high quality but i 'm officially disillusioned thanks to this tea pot
i have to echo what was said , cheap not up to what you would expec
these sheets are not quality . they are no way equal to the value that the seller has assigned to them . the jersey material is very thin and the construction technique is inferior . they are not a bargain
the colour is pretty but the sheets shrink quite a lot after washing ( in cold water ) . i bought a queen set for a full bed and they still do n't fit properly after careful washing . i would recommend buying a king set for a full bed . this was my first experience with cotton jersey sheets so i did n't know what to expect but i would n't buy them again
this is not caphlon ! ! ! you can buy this at bed bath and beyond for $ 10 ! !
in theory , this is a good machine . it did , in fact , work as advertised for a brief time - then it started to smell . all of the urine , drinks , vomit , whatever nasty stuff you just vaccumed up from your carpet , starts to pool under the holding tank . as it festers there , the exhaust fan takes that wonderful aroma and blows it all over your house . this , to an extent , is simply a nuisance - bad smell and extra clean-up of the machine itself - until it starts leaking all of that crap back into your carpet , making more mess than you started with . the first time this happened , bissell customer service sent a replacement unit . we started having the same problems with it shortly after we received it . bissell only wants to send us another ( no doubt defective ) unit - so unless you want to be stuck with a stinky , urine-leaking , mess-maker , do n't buy this product !
we purchased the cuisinart smartpower blender for smoothies and light duty blending duties . it 's a nicely designed unit , very stable on the countertop , but very poor quality gear drive . after a couple dozen uses , the motor gear wheel broke , apparently a common problem on these cuisinarts , as noted by other reviewers . cuisinart customer service is worthless - it costs more to ship and repair the unit than to replace it . replaced the worthless cuisinart with a kitchenaid . would recommend avoiding cuisinart blenders due to this gear design flaw
airbake products are horrible ! i have used the cookie sheets multiple times and i have had nothing but problems . there products over-brown everything you cook and the food sticks no matter how well you grease the pans . i have better luck using my old cheap non-stick bakeware than airbake . buyer beware ! if you do choose to buy this brand of products grease the pans generously and cut the bake time and oven temperature
awkward handles and lightweight feel . bought as a gift and had to be returned . chicago cutlery has better lines .
i used this press about 4-5 times during the 5 years i owned it . the cookie shapes came out well , but after a few uses , the plastic ring around the barrel cracked . this year that same plastic part broke entirely , making the press unusable-- a critical engineering materials defect . like the other reviewer ( dec 2005 ) , i too am now in the market for an all metal press
i have had these dishes for only 1 year and they have all chipped and cracked and the glaze is cracked as well . i have re-ordered a set of bowls and several plates and had the same results . they say they are " microwave safe " but after the first few uses , the dish heats up to the point of burning your hand ( or worse yet the unsuspecting hand of your child or guest ! ) and the food/liquid inside stays cold . i am so disappointed and am now shopping for a new set of dishes
the unique design of this dinnerware line is lost in the low quality earthenware body . this low fired clay body breaks easily , is bulky to handle and is just plain disappointing . before you buy , beware . what is the dinnerware made of ? if the dinnerware is not high fire stoneware , porcelain or a china clay body , forget it . if you plan to use it then you are wasting your money . someone should be ashamed
this item is metal and looks like an old fashioned ice crusher , but it is so small that it is useless . its only 9 inches tall , so if you are expecting a nice big heavy duty machine , forget it . i bought it because i missed the ice in the door of my old fridge , but after trying it several times , i sent it back . it is so small that you rap your knuckles on the counter . i dont think there is a glass made that is small enough to fit in it , so you have to use the little tin cup that comes with it . i takes about three loads of ice to fill the cup , and about 2 cups to fill a glass . you need 4 hands to operate it : 1 to hold the lid , 1to turn the crank,1to keep it from bouncing all over the place , and 1 to hold the little tin cup in place ( it slides out and then the ice lands on the base ) . then when you finally get a cup fulll of ice , you have to try to get it out of the tin cup and into your glass . i broke the glass the first time i tried it . it hass little rubber feet that fall out and disapear , making it even more wobbly . but as i said in the begging , it is cute
the furniture itself is fine . or rather , it would be if it was shipped properly . before ordering anything from target , think long and hard about how willing you are to deal with damaged goods and their return . if you receive something damaged ( and you will ) , be prepared for an extensive return process . chances are , the item they send you as a replacement will be damaged as well . this happened to me twice . if you 're lucky , you will be able to piece something decent together from the multiple shipments . this , however , will take time . additionally , even if the piece is not cracked , you will need to make a trip to the hardware store to purchase stain to fix the discolorations in the wood . i bought the desk , the hutch and the bookcase - all of which had to be returned to replace cracked pieces and all of which had to be touched up with stain . also be advised that target does not make it clear that certain pieces will not be delivered at all if you do not make arrangements with the outside carrier . after waiting and waiting , and calling target on several occasions , someone will eventually relay the information that you need to call the carrier and make a delivery appointment - even though other pieces arrived without such complications . quite honestly , this has been far more inconvenient than it was worth . by the time you pay for the shipping and the tax , this is not so much a " deal " but a waste of time and money .
this blender is frustrating . it offers good points , but in the end , the flaws outweigh the benefits . first the good :  the heavy glass base is stable and easy to clean . the powerful motor hacks through most foods with ease . when the blender is started , the motor begins at a low speed for a second or two before turning on fully . the problems i found led me to toss the blender . if you plan on making blended soups , beware of the explosive force with which this beast turns on . without a heavy hand on the lid , both the lid and your soup will hit the ceiling . moderately thick , viscous liquids ( a lemon cream was the latest such one i experienced ) tend to get caught in the scalloped swoops in the jar . this leads to only the center portion of the liquid being actively blended , while the outer edges stagnate and remain clumpy . deft work with a spatula is required to coax everything into the blending area . the above problems were annoying , caused occasional swearing , but were tolerable . what finally got me shopping for a replacement was worse . after several years of moderate use , the kitchenaid stopped working . the blades and motor are connected via a set of rubber teeth . these reduce operating noise , but over time , weaken . the problem first arose when making smoothies with chunky frozen fruit such as strawberries . a burning rubber smell came from the blender coupled with a strange noise and no action in the container . the rubber drive teeth slipped , and friction quickly heated them up . the result was hot , floppy rubber teeth that bent flat instead of turning the blades . when this happens , it takes 20 minutes or more before the teeth are capable of another round of use . before long the blender could not even swirl water for more than a few seconds before the teeth slipped
i thought it was me but every time that i lift the cover on this oven , there is this strange rotting smell . it does n't seem to matter what has been in there , either . no matter what food...same rotting smell . in fact , whenever i lift the cover , my wife goes running from the room holding her nose , screaming about how disgusting it is .
i 've had my share of dutch ovens in my time , and i have to say that this is the foulest one yet . i thought i smelled a good deal when i got it , but boy was i mistaken
i just baked a loaf of banana bread in my loaf baker and the entire bottom stuck to the pan when i turned it over . i am throwing it out and will never buy another piece of it
received the bowls yesterday , and once again very upset to find 3 of the 4 broken . this has got to be costing a ton of money in refunds and shipping . i will not try again for a replacement , i did n't do well with the sango mixing bowls either . ca n't understand why these are shipped with such little packing material
i purchased the robinson pyrex candy thermometer as a replacement for my old , cheap tube thermometer that was giving off readings . my experience was that the probe failed to register temperatures above 100 degrees celcius . it would get there and just freeze . additionally , the design of the thermometer makes it difficult to read exactly where your temperature is . this makes it unsuitable for most candy-making where the difference of a degree or so could be critical . the physical design of the thermometer feels very sturdy and is a nice stainless . it is rather deceptive since you think you may be purchasing a higher quality tool than you are actually buying . all said and done , after you replace the sugar , flavorings , creams and other ingredients from your spoiled batches of candy...and pay for the gas to run these errands ...the cost of using robinson 's pyrex candy thermometer goes way up . use a cup of ice water . or a more reliable brand of candy thermometer . it 's much better to shell out the extra dollars and get beautiful consistent results
the only positive thing i can say about this candy thermometer is that the design allows it to stay on the sauce pan relatively well . other than that , it is difficult to discern temperatures between the 0 - 50 marks . also , it tends to read low so that the candy is much warmer than the read out indicates . since using this thermometer , i have ruined more batches of fudge than i care to think about . if you want a good candy thermometer , do n't buy this one .
the pan itself is fine , but it measures closer to 16 " in diameter . the cooking surface is 12 " , but the pan has such a wide lip around it that it does n't come close to fitting in my convection toaster oven
i bought a set of these years ago , and used them almost daily...freezer to oven to table , on the range..never a problem , and wanted to replace the same sized casserole . as the previous reviewer stated,the rough and unfinished bottom of the dish was coarse and gritty , and scratched my table and counter . what a disappointment ! i do n't believe the older set i have was made in china , but here in the usa . save your money
the cooking set looks great . however , once you heat the pot/ pan , the steel material handles become super hot . i have to return the huge box
do n't be fooled by this apparently well-designed grater . the hinge is weak and will break . the grater looks and feels great , but do n't expect it to last
to begin with. . this pan heats up even and fast . i have a hard anodized circulon non-stick pot , a copper bottom skillet , and this calphalon pan . the heat distribution is excellent , and unlike the copper bottom pan , the calphalon is light and easy to use . but , the good stops here . the stick problem is bad , and my stainless steel copper bottom pan sticks less than this calphalon skillet . since it 's not a non-stick pan , some sticking is expected , but clean up is just pain . regular soaking over nite will not help sometimes . if u cook vegitable and small amount of meat , this pan is good . but never fry egg or cook steak in this pan . avoid anything that will carmalize or contain high sugar . i once cooked some balsamic vinegar mushroom with brown sugar in this pan , and it took me forever to get it clean again since the sugar carmalization litterally stuck to the bottom .
absolute rubbish.cheap , inferior product , do n't waste your money . it does n't hold in place while you mill anything . this product is guarenteed to make you lose your temper
i ca n't believe someone uses this pan to cook eggs ! i have tried several cooking oils and butter , and everything sticks to this pan , making it very difficult to clean . my husband wo n't even use it . i have reverted to my tried and true cast iron pan that never lets me down . even the cheapo stainless pans i got at ross are better than this . terrible
i placed two separate orders for this product and each order was received with one broken dish . the set s not packaged correctly by the manufacture . ended by buying a different produce else where
i have used this pan 3 times , twice to cook meat . it does not brown ; the meat stick to the pan . i made stuffed artichokes last night and even though i used olive oil and water to begin the steaming process , the pan was a mess to clean . i have never had any problems with myers anodized pans , 18/10 pans or,of couse , teflon . i 'm not sure what this pan will be useful for but i believe i will only use it for vegetables or rice
this is a great cutting board if one able to removed all the sticker glue that stays on the cutting board forever . i tried to used what ever i can . the glue just keep staying on the board and it turns black
i have always used rubbermaid or tupperware plastic storage , but i replaced all of them with pyrex glass storage containers in may of 2005 . i was worried that the plastic storage was seeping toxins into my food when i washed it in the dishwasher . also , i liked the idea that glass does not stain and it gives a clear presentation of stored food in the refrigerator--making leftovers more likely to be eaten before they go bad . unfortunately , i have not been happy with this product . the pyrex lids must be pried off with a great deal of strength and diligence . this is not a task for a child , or even a standard adult . i have had to ask my husband on more than one occasion to take a lid off for me . i have even spilled food in attempts to take lids off . as an aside , i have also found that the pyrex glass is heavy , which makes it less desirable to carry leftovers to work and the containers do not " nest , " so they take up more space than they need to in the cabinet . i recommend bormioli glass storage containers instead . they are lighter in weight , they nest , and the lids come off with the strength of a normal person .
i 'm actually having trouble sleeping on these sheets they are so uncomfortable and rough . they may be technically 320 tc , but they do not feel like more than 150 ! strongly recommend against buying them . mine are going to have a nice life as paint drop cloths .
the rating i give this item relates to the lack of value . in a few more clicks , you can buy a service-for-eight of white corelle for less than what three of these dinner plates will cost you . that said , i have owned my corelle ( two services-for-four ) for more than twenty-five years , using it regularly . all dishes are intact , they are light and stack nicely , and maybe i 'm just not enough of a snob but i do n't know why anyone would need any other dishes
after checking the calphalon web site the suggested retail price for model r1384 14 " everyday pan is $ 160.00 . i am dissapointed that this is not a true discounted price .
this sushi set is really nice . unfortunately amazon does n't know how to ship ceramic properly . in my original order , they sent it in a medium-sized box , with air cushions only on one side . of course several of the pieces were shattered . so i requested a replacement via the returns website . the second order was dispatched immediately and sent via next-day . that was impressive . what was not impressive was that this time it was sent in an even * smaller * box , packed so tightly that the air cushions had burst . naturally this set was also shattered . fortunately , i had n't yet returned the first order , so i was able to cannibalize some good pieces from the first set to complete the second . i 'm sure their returns department wo n't like hearing that , but as i see it i 've saved them the cost of a refund . needless to say i wo n't be ordering ceramic flatware from amazon again . once again , i like the style of the set itself , and think it 's a great deal for the price . i just recommend that you buy it somewhere else .
i purchased this product in a retail store . the packaging clearly states it is dishwasher safe . then after you unpack it , and read that if you put it in the dishwasher you void the ten year warranty ! do not make the same mistake i did , avoid this product
i have used pyrex bakeware for over 20 years , and i was shocked when my fairly new 9x13 pan shattered . i figured i just got unlucky and got a bad one . i was going to buy a new one - thank goodness i read the reviews first ! and yes , i did follow instructions - i baked my lasagne at 350 degrees , did not use an open flame or broiler , etc etc . i ca n't believe this safety hazard is still allowed to be sold ! i am so mad ! i am switching to corningware now
well im the newest victim of exploding pyrex . last night i was cooking some salmon in my 3-quart pyrex that i 've had for 3 years and used many times before . it was in my oven at 400 for only 25 minutes . i pulled it out and set it on the counter . well i leaned in to check the salmon and as i pulled away the glass exploded ! not just broke but a full on explosion of glass flying everywhere . thankfully i pulled away when i did because if i had pulled away 2 seconds later i would have had a face full of pyrex shrapnel . i came away with only a few small cuts on my stomach...and from what i 've heard i was lucky . even though my boyfriend and i swept and vacumed our kitchen last night there was so much glass that in the morning light i could still see little pieces of glass all over the kitchen . im not taking any chances , im throwing out my other pyrex dishes and switching to all aluminum trays . please do not use pyrex ! it is not worth the risk ! you may have a few years of good use , but is it worth risking your safety or that of your children ? edit- i would just like to comment that i was using the dish within the guidelines . the oven was 400 and the dish was only in there for 25 minutes . the kitchen was rather warm and the surface i set it on was not hot but definately not cool...so there was no drastic temperature change . there were no scratches or cuts any where on the tray so i do not feel that the explosion was in anyway my fault . this explosion was purely the result of a poorly manufactured item
i have been a chef now for seven years and have not ever had a problem with pyrex . until now . last night while roasting some potatoes in a 400f oven , my pyrex dish exploded . it rained glass all over the inside of my oven . it was a disaster . i am just thankful that nothing happened to me or my two year old who was in the room at that time . this sounds like a real problem !
i was given this coffee maker for a birthday gift a couple of years ago and after i figured out how to make it work , loved it . after a while the latch on the top broke off and i had to hold the top down while it was grinding the coffee . that made the timer on it useless unless you propped something against it to hold the top down . it was a little inconvenient but i got use to it . then the metal filter broke and i decided to get a new one . luckily i put the old one in the garage for " spare parts " because not long after i started using the new one the side tab broke off and i had to grab a replacement off the old one . i will probably not purchase this brand again
if you want to buy this color buy anchor bakeware it is so good
i owned a rival crockpot for 20 years and was very happy with it . when it stopped working i therefore bought another ( this one ) from rival . i 've used it twice . the top does n't seem to keep the liquid in , even on low , and it burned the food both times . i do n't trust it now and am not sure whether i 'll try it again .
i bought this because it was well priced , good sized and looked better than many other slow cookers . i assumed it would work as well as my 10 year old slow cooker that i gave away . the first time i used it ( as soon as it got up to tempurature ) the lid started to rumble and slip around the top . then came the spitting hot water and steam that went in my toaster down the side of the cooker and on the counter . the lid is the worst ! at first i thought maybe i was missing a rubber seal or something on my lid . now i realize this is the way it was designed ! i made a pork roast in it which usually works great but in this slow cooker it seemed to cook quicker with no liquid left because it evaporated through the faulty lid . the only way to correct the spitting water and the rumbly,tumbly,bouncy lid is to put a paper towel under part of the lid but even this eventually fails because the towel gets soaked and then starts to drip on the counter . not to mention its probably a fire hazard . i do n't think my paper towel idea is what rival had in mind when they designed this ! i wish i could return this but i threw away the receipt .
the lid does not fit and is not heavy enough to keep it firmly on the pot.it allows liquids to escape.i think this could be a problem
i have had this for 2years now and what a waste of money it has been . i have used this a few of times before i decided to toss them . this set was a disaster . the parer is dull period and the peeler peels off much more than just the skin , you lose almost 20 % ( no exaggeration ) of the fruit or the vegetable
we have had this machine for about a year and it might have work right the first time we used it . we now have to borrow a friends hoover steamvac when we need to clean the carpet . we are getting ready to buy a different machine bcause this one would never work right . it never has any suction power and it constantly sprays soap everywhere even if you have it only on the water selection . i would n't buy
i really thought i would like this product when i got it out of the box . it 's looks well made and looked easy to use . i followed instructions and cleaned it throughly and put my recipe misture and miniture sausages in it to slowly heat and to use as an appetizer . i put the the heat setting on warm as i was not in a hurry and i left the room for about 5 minutes . when i came back there was mixture all over my cabinets , counters , etc . and what was left was boiling and sputtering like mad . i later found out that no matter what heat setting i used it would over heat . i can not recommend this product to anyone i 'm sorry to say
i 've had to bring this back to hoover 5 times in less than a year . the belt for the self-propelled motor comes off ever other time i use the vacuum . the on/off button has been fixed 3 times . it works when it wants to . even the guy at the hoover store admitted that this piece of garbage is known for problems with the belt coming off . i have nothing good to say about this . i 'm a huge consumer reports fan but they missed the boat on this one . they need to update their testing over the long-term . i 'm still pissed i blew $ 250 on this ridiculous excuse for a vacuum
like many others , i bought this because it came highly recommended by consumer reports . it worked great for a while , but after about a year the brush stopped spinning . i replaced the belt ( twice ! ) but it still wo n't work . if i did n't read about so many others having similar problems , i would have guessed that i just got a bad vacuum - but after reading other reviews here at amazon , i see that this is not a model that anyone should buy , despite the high rating from consumer reports
the tea press works fine if you are planning on serving a crowd . for one or two people , it simply does n't work . you must add an enormous amount of tea for the press to work properly . i once had a smaller tea press , and i thought that was what i was purchasing here .
i have other oxo items that i like very much , but these stainless steel measuring cups are a big disappointment . i also experienced the handle bending easily when packing in brown sugar . they will be in my next yard sale
i really like oxo products . i have a number of their utensils in my kitchen and i enjoy that they have nice big handles . since i started getting gadgets for my kitchen i always wanted these measuring cups . well i finally got them . i was very excited to use them for the first time . well i went to scoop some brown sugar and the handle started bending . i was very disappointed in how flimsy the handles are . i think i 'll stick to my plastic ones from oxo , i had better luck with them
usually oxo produces well designed items that have you thinking &quot ; they * really * thought about how this thing was going to be used ( and abused ) ! &quot ; unfortunately the other reviewers are spot on -- very bendy handles . it 's a shame , but you should pass on these
i have been making ice cream in a cuisinart machine for years but i wanted to regain my freezer space from the 2 canisters i had to keep ready. . i also wanted to make good gelato since i ca n't go to italy all the time . i had first bought the lussino 4080 by musso . it was terrible . too soft right out of the machine and full of ice crystals when put in the freezer for any amount of time . it did n't get firm , it became a rock . i returned it and got the lello gelato pro instead . it is quieter , has a washable bowl , costs about half the money , weighs much less and makes 2 quarts rather than 1&1/2 quarts . there is no contest . the lello is the superior machine
i bought this " piece of junk " at wal * mart . i was actually surprised to see a food processor so cheap , so i decided to buy it . after going home and washing the product , i decided to try it out . i plugged it in and nothing . it did n't even budge ! anyway , i am going to have to drive all the way back to wal * mart and return this.. .  save your money and go with a more expensive model that will last you. .
the old oxo tea kettles had a train whistle sound . this new one has a single high pitch whistle that is so weak you could n't hear it in the next room . save your money and buy something cheaper . it will work as well if not better . i returned mine and got another brand and it works just fine and it was cheaper too .
unlike the other reviewers , my kitchenaid cork screw worked fine for almost two years . it never quite pulled the cork far enough out of the bottle to suit me -- it did n't make cork pulling labor-free -- but i found it much easier than any previous such tool i ever owned . alas , as in many of the other reviews , the screw finally broke off in a cork and the device seems irreparable . a cheap plastic cork screw had to be called into service . i just visited the kitchenaid web page and they do n't offer a cork screw for sale anymore . i presume that i will soon toss mine as well . planning to buy one of these for $ 30 ? clint would ask you : do you feel lucky
like 7 of the 8 other reviews , this product broke with no way to repair it . for the price and apparent sturdiness , it is just one big failure and is to be avoided .
hoover has a known problem with the belts stretching out on all the self propelled vacuums , but will do nothing for customers stuck with them ! we must replace the drive and propel belts every couple of months . rediculous poor customer servic
this torch just does not work . i wo n't stay lit for more than a couple of seconds . when it does stay lit , the flame is horrible . please , for the love of god , do not waste your money on this
i , too , bought this terrible piece of equipment . my complaint , aside from the odd taste , consistency and smell , was that you could not tell when the egg was done . it was still raw at 10 minutes . by the time it was cooked you could have used it for a nerf ball . what a waste of money . as far as thinking up other purposes for it , i suppose it could be a sacrificial camping outdoor firepit cook pan for something . you 'll have to think of something , just do n't put eggs in it
its just a simple plastic tube that fits on the end of the grinder attachment so you can stuff sausage . so how did they manage to mess this one up ? the flare at the wide end of the horn does not sit flat against the head of the grinder , so when you go to tighten the ring down to hold it into place , the collar can not screw on all the way . the result ? a build up of meat in the front part of the collar . this eventually begins to drip down making a bloody mess of whatever is under the grinder attachment . how hard would it have been for kitchenaid to design the horn so it fitted flat in place and the collar would have screwed on tight ?
disappointed with the size of product , have not used it yet
i have ordered and returned twice and my third one they sent has the same result . after a few uses it seems to twist off stroke and stays that way .
i purchased this handsome can opener in june 2004 . feels & looks substantial and promising . it worked ok for a couple of months , and now it 's useless . i 'll return to using my zyliss opener , and throw this in the trash
to be fair , the design is great looking , size is ideal , and very functional . however , beware of quality and packaging . whoever packaged this in thailand did not take care , it has nicks and scratches everywhere..not to mention the dings in corners . paint in all the panels is inconsistent..therefore , you can see different colorations throughout different panels . it is somewhat redish in stain tone , could be darker to be a true dark walnut . manufacturing flaws such as missing drill holes , which makes it tough when assembling...got screws , just missing screw holes . i only recommend to those with a nack of wood handyman , not for the average person . recommend you need the following tools : drill with phillips screw heads and drill bits ( just in case ) , small bottle of dark wood stain ( to touch up painting the scratches ) , and some patience . to continue , beware when placing this table on a true flat surface , it may have uneven stance...ok on carpeting . and beware if displaying in bright lit areas...people may see the different paint tones , and difference between the two table . lasting , it is not 100 % solid wood , some panels have veneer over particle board . heck , what do you expect for $ 69bucks. .
i was so excited to receive my delonghi caffe sorrento bar4 4-cup espresso/cappuccino machine . being an experienced expresso drinker i started to brew my expresso , needless to say the frother works so so good you do not even have to turn it on . water and steam everywhere , also the frother does not turn off , i tried so hard that the knob came off . i was very dissapointed
my screwpull lever model broke after opening roughly 40 bottles over 1 + year . locked up and when i pulled a little harder it stripped a gear ( the notches into which the gear meshes are only plastic . )  i suspect the lockup during the twist-cork-in -then-lift-up cycle was due to worn part within the screw housing . in any event , it 's unacceptable for something this expensive to fail with such limited use . at the very least , the gear mechanism should be stainless steel vice metal-plastic to provide better wear . plus , we just talking about a stupid corkscrew . how hard /costly would it be to build something decent vice a piece of overpriced yuppy crap ? ?
my husband sweats a lot at night and i thought this would stop the problem . it did n't at all . it does n't seems like it does anything for me either . it just feels like a normal mattress pad . not exactly worth the price for a normal mattress pad
regardless of the setting you use , you will get half coffee powder and half coarse grounds . in addition , the feature that is intended to allow you to control the amount of grounds you make with a switch on the top ... does not work . be prepared to grind more than you need , and then measure the grounds ( somehow avoiding the powder ) yourself .
in my case i ca n't even say it 's noisy because the grinder did n't work at all ! manufacturing defect deprived me the chance to listen how it works
i bought this thinking i would be able to regulate the size , ( i have had my other coffee grinder for 10 yr. still works ) , to say it is loud is an understatement , & 1st thing in the am . i had it about 2 weeks , when i noticed it was hot to the touch , and it no longer worked , mind you i had not used it in 2 days , and had moved it to clean . i have not contacted them at this point , but do not want a replacement , and a part of me is glad it broke , so i do n't have to listen to the noise anymore
i ordered the my cafe from amazon in early october and received it a few days later . on initial set-up , the unit failed to prime . i talked to bunn 's service dept . and was coached to try several steps , which did not work . i was given a return authorization number and told that i would be sent a brand new machine once they received the defective one . i have fed ex verification that the my cafe was received by bunn on october 18 . i called bunn on november 6 and was told that they would check on my replacement and call me back in a couple on minutes . no return call came . i called again on november 9th and was told that the my cafe has been on back order and that i am in line with an unknown other number of customers awaiting shipment . they could not , or would not , give me any meaningful information on when i might expect to see if the replacement works any better than the original . my cafe may be a great machine but bunn 's service is atrocious
i got the machine yesterday and was so excited . i got it all ready to prime by following the directions , and it did n't work . after several attempts i called bunn customer service thinking that i must be doing something wrong . when i talked to the customer service rep. he told me that the machine was n't pumping hot water into the reservoir and that this was a common problem with the machine . i 'm thinking for $ 200.00 this is n't right , and why has n't the company fixed it ? he was very nonchalant about it as if it did n't matter ; just get a new one . this just is n't acceptable to me . there are many positive reviews so i 'm sure if you get a working one than you 'll probably be happy with it . as for me , i refuse to use something that has a known problem that the company is n't even trying to remedy . therefore , i 'm sending it back to amazon for a full refund and buying the simple human coffee maker which has gotten great reviews
the frother is great ! easy to use etc . the espresso temperature is 140 degrees f when measuring the stream of coffee coming from the machine after the machine has warmed up for 6 minutes . at that low temperature you ca n't extract the flavors and aroma required for a great cup of espresso . other reviews stating it can take 5 minutes to brew a cup of espresso are accurate . this occurs when the grind is too fine . i 've had this machine for over a year and it is not recommended . i use it mainly for the frother and make the espresso in another machine . to add insult to injury , the chrome like decal on the machine has an air bubble under it so it looks cheap . i thought it was chrome undil the decal started to get this bubble . previously i had a gaggia which is superior in every manner , and cheaper also . the only reason i rated it 2 stars is because of the frother .
i bought the capresso 114 last december ( the difference being , the model 112 has chrome trim and a very questionable milk reservoir ) . this machine is unbelievably finicky ; you must use an extremely coarse grind ( according to the manual ) , and almost zero tamping pressure ( again , according to the manual ) , otherwise you get unbelievably slow coffee flow ( several minutes for a shot of espresso ) . even when you get everything according to instructions ( which includes , according to capresso tech support , disassembling the machine every few days ) , it takes at least 5 minutes to pour a shot of espresso , which comes out weak , bitter , and with no crema . after two months of discussing this with capresso tech support and getting nowhere , i returned the machine to amazon . after that i bought a krups xp 4000 -- bliss ! the machine makes great espresso in about 25 seconds , even with a fine grind and firm tamp .
this machine is sure to disappoint a seasoned european-style coffee drinker ( coffee as in beverage made from coffee bean , not a tall cup of sanka as the term is used in the us ) . admittedly , i 'm really picky about my coffee , but $ 250 for this machine is ridiculous . i 've had coffee from a $ 40 krups machine that is better than that made by the espressopro . i use high-quality pods with this machine ( molinari , lucaffe , and miscela d'oro ) which guarantees consistency in other machines , but does n't help with this machine . here are my issues with the machine . 1 . the thermoblock is n't effective . i have to put water in my espresso cup and pop it in the microwave for 30 seconds before making an espresso or else my coffee will be lukewarm . disgusting , even with high quality beans . granted , unless your machine has a cup warmer , this is probably a good idea regardless of your machine , but with this machine , it is a requirement , not an option , if you want hot coffee . second , steamed milk is lukewarm on a good day . the same heating problem occurs with steaming milk . i called capresso , and they said to check all the fittings . in fact , after much frustration ( i 'm not an idiot ) , i finally just sealed the connections with shrink tube , which leaves only two points where the connection could be weak . still , i ca n't get hot steam . what i do get is either lukewarm liquid milk , or cool , overly thick foam . in fact the foam is so unrefined and thick that it gives the impression that you could chew it . nasty . 2 . the frothing mechanism is gimmicky and not effective . a standard " frothing wand " is much better . the mechanism on this machine is ineffective , lacks true control , and requires an extra step over a standard wand to clean . as explained above , the heat is not sufficient , and the quality of foam is irregular and bad . i 'm embarrassed to serve coffee from this machine to guests , let alone drink it myself . i just ca n't get over the heat issue . nothing kills a good coffee than lack of heat . this point is so important , if you take a gander at the francis ! francis ! x1 ( and professional machines ) , there 's a thermometer right on the front of the machine ( and no , it 's not purely an esthetic design issue since you can put several types of gauges/switches on an espresso machine--like a pressure gauge ) . the low heat generated results in really thick , solid foam . when i have guests , i just heat milk on the stovetop and use a handfrother instead of using the espressopro 's lame mechanism . second , the way you adjust the foamed milk to steamed milk ratio is not effective . a little gate is regulated by the user through a twisting tab . it 's just not good design . since the milk actually passes through the machine and is heated internally by the machine , you ca n't really " work " the milk . a wand offers direct control and offers immediate visual response to whether you 're getting foam or hot milk . you know dried milk that collects on your steaming wand ? well , that 's now inside your espressopro . with a traditional wand , you just wipe the wand with a wet rag . with this machine , you need to run hot water through the frothing mechanism ( before you do this you need to wait for the block to heat up again ) . plus , there 's so many little pieces that need to be kept clean , it 's a pain . what a bad design ! 3 . 18 bar ? yeah , right . this machine also does n't generate enough pressure to develop nice crema . granted , i use pods , but still , a certain amount of crema is expected . this machine produces a thin , insufficient amount of crema . the lack of sufficient pressure probably has to do with the poor thermoblock . i really ca n't recommend this machine . for $ 250 , just go get a krups or braun . better yet , spend $ 50 more and get an entry level gaggia or saeco . with this machine you 're paying for looks and a gimmicky , ineffective frothing mechanism . this hunk o ' junk is now buried deep in the back of my kitchen cabinet , as i truly would not feel right pawning this machine off on someone else . it is now appropriately " retired " from service , and i now enjoy perfect coffee every day from my saeco vienna superautomatica . now that 's a machine , baby
inside this unit there are 2 cleaning trays , one for the cleaning solution and the other for water to rinse . each tray has a cup coming out the bottom which is used to lock the tray into the device . after only 3 uses the base of the one cup cracked . after about 6 more uses the other bottom cracked . i would not recommend this product to anyone .
this worked great...for 5 minutes . i tried everything to make it work again over three days . i finally contacted customer service and they said there is nothing else to do - send it to them and they will replace it . i 'm glad they were responsive , but now i have to pay to ship the darn thing to michingan
i too have experienced the water tank caving in and not working properly if you forget to take the water tank out of the steamer unit , and mind you , you must also remove the cap from the water reservoir even after you remove it from the steamer . i have tried putting hot water in the tank in an attempt to regain its original shape to no avail . i would not recommend buying this steamer for this reason
as another reviewer experienced , our krups also leaks coffee all over the counter and subsequently the floor quite often , which is apparently related to having to have the carafe situated in just exactly the right place within a half a millimeter , and which place i have not yet discovered except occasionally by chance . carafe positioning appears to be the problem , because it does n't leak every time . maybe my unit is defective , because other reviewers do n't mention this , and believe me , you would notice this if it were occurring with yours . the opening to pour in water is relatively small , but i do n't have a huge problem with it . be aware there is no automatic shut off . it makes a fine cup of coffee for this non-coffee-gourmet , and i do n't have a problem with spilling when i pour from the carafe into a cup . but the leaking is forcing me to find another machine . i wish i could find a reasonably-priced , non-leaking 12-cup machine with removable water reservoir , no-drip carafe , programmable , auto shut-off , easy-to-find replacement carafe and removable filter basket but alas , even on amazon.com , that machine does not appear to exist . my sister has such a machine ( mr. coffee urx23 ) , but that model has been discontinued .
i had slightly older edition of the krups crystal aroma for several years , until i lost one carafe too many - if you 're careless , when empty they tend to roll like a bowling ball right off the countertop . but that 's my fault . the crystal aroma carafe looks cool and the filter would probably help if you have unpleasant tap water , but overall , the quality of the coffee it produces is merely ok . the reason not to buy this coffeemaker is that krups now makes a much better one . " aroma control " is a poor description for the recent line of krups coffeemakers by that name actually do . the aroma control machines have a simple , but ingenious mechanism for retaining the coffee in the brewing chamber for an extra minute before letting it drip through into the carafe . more than filters or an exotic shape that supposedly retains aromas , that extra minute of brewing makes all the difference in the world . unless you 're just in love with that round carafe , skip the " crystal aroma " and move on to the " aroma control " line .
i ordered the pro 5 plus three times and recieved the wrong one 3 times . they kept sending the " commercial 5 mixer . " in the meantime i have accumulated 2 shoping bags full of baking goods . i have ordered many " cookie " art books , along with many supplies as well as the set of 3 pasta maker attachment for this mixer . this has been going on since the beginning of december . but no mixer ! calls end up in whatever country . all they do is placate you with polite rhetoric and pat answers . which is their job . but this does not address the major problem . the problem is never kicked up to a higher level , researched , investigated and thus ending in a resolution . now i see this model or its equivalent , in costo . very cheap but with the steel attachments ( whip , dough hook etc ) like the commerical one . it looks like a combination of the pro 5 plus and the commercial one . and the model no . is not listed in kitchenade 's website . there seems to be something amiss with this pro 5 plus model . this has been a frustrating experience . i now plan to order the pro 6 instead , which cook 's illustrated listed as number one . and it wo n't be from amazon . receiving the wrong one three times is a bit much . dissapointed in the service .
i ordered these glasses 3 times and everytime they came in a million pieces . i would not waste your time purchasing these
my first cuisinart 4-slice toaster developed a dangerous problem after the 3-month warantee period : it started heating when not turned on , and made strange clicking sounds . it never had toasted very well , and only toasted lightly on the darkest setting . to their great credit , cuisinart replaced the toaster for the shipping cost alone ( although it took 3 months ) . the replacement toaster also toasts very lightly , very slowly , but at least it 's not an immediate fire hazard
i saw many good reviews for this toaster and a few bad ones too . i took my chances and ordered one anyway . cuisinart is not testing these toasters . it took 10 seconds for me to see that the inner elements are not heating up . they are cleaning them , possibly changing the elements , and shipping them . my guess is that it is just cheaper not to test them . big mistake . it 's harder to win back customers than to keep them .
this sifter broke a month after i got it . it seems sturdy but it actually requires carefull handling . the sifting is somewhat slow but good ( excercise ! ! ! )
the amco sifter broke during the second time i was using it and the first time i used it it took a long time and the handle kept sticking . also my hand , wrist and arm were hurting so bad from all the work it took just to get four cups sifted . it also leaks flour where the handle is at the bottom
this item is too big and very difficult to operate . it is the worst breville product purchased . the panni press does the same thing without the difficult cleaning . i would not recommend this item...too much money...definately not worth the cost
brass rivets expand and contract . wood expands and contracts . together these elements are a bad concept from the word " go " , because they will ultimately separate because someone will at one time or another put them in the dishwasher . the metal is only tempered 4 times leaving the metal soft , meaning there is a lot of sharpeing to do . henckel , cutco , trident are expensive and chefs all over the world use them because the are used everyday and they retain their sharpness because they are tempered 7 times ( the maximum amount before metal becomes so hard that it becomes brittle )  wood is pourus and is the perfect breeding ground for bacteria . you do n't just wipe off knives and put them in a wood butcher block ? what moran came up with that great concept ? utensils need to be sterilzed through a dish washer and very hot water with good cleaning agents . why woould you buy a knife that you ca n't put in the dish washer ? why would you ever purchase a knife that requires maintenance . there 's no moving parts  wood handle and stainless steel spells disaster . learning to sharpen your own knives is not easy , chefs do n't even do it . reading direction from a pamphlet and attempting to sharpen your knives for the first time spells disaster . your knives will never be the same if you attempt this . companies sell sharpening tools to inexperienced knife sharpeners ( like yourself ) so they wreck their own knives and buy new . you buy clothes that require dry cleaning , correct ? bring your knives in and have them professionally sharpened and protect your investment . you should only buy one pair of knives in your lifetime and they can be handed down from generation to generation . a dull knife is a dangerous knife . a dull knife will require more pressure which will lead to a person cutting themselves . take it from me . i was a ceo with a company who marketed these knives to people like you and we made alot of money too . these knives were never designed to be passed on from generation to generation
i purchased this blanket because i loved the color . that is the only thing it has going for it . there were feathers all over the place and i keep finding random ones in rooms on different floors ! it is now stored in an airtight bag because i ca n't toss it- i paid good money for it
be aware , if you are looking for bonechina stay away from this piece . it is made in china and very low qualit
i had bought this vacuum because of the good reviews . i wanted a cordless vac to take care of the quick jobs -- not heavy cleaning -- but the primary job was to do to take care of daily kitty litter cleanup ( rescued mother cat and 4 kittens ) . it does a good job for lint and hair but does n't work on kitty litter . it spits it around or keeps in roller section . i thought i was using it wrong and tried it every way -- but it only picks up a small percentage of the kitty litter and rest is just blown around or drops out when it 's turned off . i 'm going to have to buy another cordless vaccum
i received the 14.4 volt vacuum for christmas 2004 . after a full charge , it lasts less than a minute . it would be great if the battery lasted , but it does n't . go with another product and save your money on this piece of junk
i bought this product about a year ago and for a while it worked great . then i noticed that the unit was starting to shut off faster and faster until today when i finally decieded to toss her . overall in the beginning yes there is alot of power but what is the good of it when the battery 's life is only about a year before she goes . i wouldnt recommend one especially since dirt devil came out with a cyclone one which i will try with hopefully longer lasting results .
first of all i was abt to buy this product... but cancled my purchase as i found the same kind toaster with less price in the market. . but same time i bought one kitchen utensils set.. and i am sorry to say it is just usable not good one like i they shown. . i saw many utensils set with same number of item atleast 500 % times better than what i got , second thing , i wanted to cancle the order immidiately but i tried to find out the customer care no on the amazon site.. but i could not find one : o ( ( any way thats why i have decided not to buy from this site anymore.. . as now i ca n't rely on the pics only. .
easily the worst toaster ever . brendaa the 5 star above must have gotten the single toaster in the whole production series that actually worked . there are just not enough words in the english language to describe this utterly useless peice of junk that will not hold toast down etc . etc.. well , maybe not useless , if you are looking for something to bring about a cathartic welling of emotions that has you standing in the yard with a maul and and a toaster at your feet . i 'd give it a minus 5 stars , but they do not even have a 0 star vote
this grinder grinds well but failed after just 2 months of operation . do n't buy it unless you want to waste your money
this pricey toaster is not worth its weight in bread . for the first few weeks it seemed to evenly brown the bread but since then it has become the worst toaster i have ever owned . it is impossible to get evenly browned bread instead you get burnt crust and blotches of brown randomly scattered over the bread . save your money . do not buy this product
stop be for you buy ! ! ! ! should have saved my money . making pasta with this machine is disappointing . the recipe given with the instructions is way to sticky to run through the extruder . i redid the dough 3 times before i was able to extrude it , and still it stuck together . i should have listened to the rest of the reviews , but having owned a pasta maker/extruder before i thought it would be a piece of cake . if i were you i would invest in the roller pasta maker for you mixer . on the bright side though...the food grinder is wonderful
i have not tried this pasta attachment a second time - i 'm afraid of harming the motor . the mixer became very hot and oil even leaked out . i going to get the mixer checked/serviced and not risk damage again . one thing missing from these reviews is the mixer models used . perhaps those with the heavier motors work better ? i have the smaller motor ( 250 w ) k45ss mixer . surely kitcheaid must read these reviews . i would expect some additional user information for this product on their website , but see nothing . very disappointing product and consumer support . come on kitchenaid - give more info and/or offer to give $ $ credit for return of this questionable product
the only 2 foods it grates well are parmesan and chocolate , as long as the chocolate is cold , not worth the money , i think i 'd rather use my small hand held gater . it was a good try , but i wo n't buy another one
i 've purchased several different rotary graters and this one had the same result as many of it 's other plastic siblings . it too broke within 2 days of use . these plastic graters just are n't built with much strength and should not be used with harder cheeses , or by someone who has a strong grip . the common defect i 'm finding in plastic graters is how the rotating arm is attached to the drum . the tiny amount of plastic there is n't desined to withstand shearing forces which is what rotates the drum . when i find a good rotary cheese grater , i 'll write a review on it
the first dolce item i purchased was the wine tower and i have been very happy with that piece . however , the coffee table and end tables all arrived with cracks . the coffee table was not glued together properly and was misaligned . not pleased at all and way too costly to ship back
i purchased this as a christmas gift for my mother . i was very excited when it arrived much sooner than i had anticipated . i opened it up , so that i could give it to my mom assembled . unfortunately , an entire corner was broken off and the other corner was cracking and splintering . the packing materials are insufficient to say the least . i immediately called target 's customer service , and the operator very graciously assisted me in returning my table . despite my dissapointment about the broken table i was glad that target did the best they could to resolve my issue without any hassle . & # 60 ; br /& # 62 ; & # 60 ; br /& # 62 ;
it looked like a great idea , just what i needed to get my older golden in and out of my jeep . problem is , there is a serious crush hazard because of the weight and design . there is a finger &quot ; crush area&quot ; near the hinges where a user would most likely grasp the ramp to fold it . i have mashed fingers several times and sustained a moderately serious crushed finger the last time i used it . if i ca n't make it safe with a saw , then out it goes . it 's too dangerous for anyone in my family to use
i splurged on this pan because i was tired of the &quot ; wobble&quot ; my cheaper pans developed on my smooth glass cooktop . this pan warped severely after only 4 months , not any better than pans a fraction of the cost . i plan on returning it for replacement , and will use the new one for low temperature sauces only
i had a littermaid a couple of years ago that lasted me for a year and did great . i am not sure what is wrong with this type we had it for a whole week then it stopped working . do yourself a favor and do not get this
when i bought my first littermaid box , i thought it was a miracle -- no more scooping ! hooray ! it worked so well for my four cats that a few months later , i bought a second one . unfortunately , the second box quit working after just a couple of weeks ( and i 'd thrown the receipt away , so i could n't get my money back ) . soon after that , the original box quit working , too . so , within about 6 months , i spent close to $ 200 on electric boxes that no longer functioned . after researching better and more reliable options , i 've settled on the omega paw box that you roll to clean . i now have three of them -- no electric parts to break , and , actually , less mess than the littermaid
the littermaid mega is absolutely one of the worst purchases i have ever made . in less than two months time , the unsubstantial motor has burned out completely . litter maid claims that the boxes should need to be emptied every five days for one cat . well , i have two cats and had to empty the box two times daily . the litter maid is good for controlling odors when it works , but it constantly jammed and then shut down ( and i used a recommended brand of premium cat litter ) . after a few weeks of this load , the tiny ( and very loud ) motor simply gave up . i 'm waiting to hear from litter maid regarding warranty repair/replacement , but i suspect i 'll end up returning to a traditional $ 5.00 litter tray . the overall concept of the litter maid is good , but without sturdier components , it ends up being trash in no time
i very much enjoyed this unit when it was new it did everything that was stated on the box.however , i now need to replace the ifd filter due to the accumulation of nicotene on it and can not find one anywhere . i purchased two units at once for around $ 450.00.if i had used them in a " dust " atmosphere they would still be great ! honeywell should have tested on nicotene and smoke odors before touting the phrase permanent in reference to smoke and nicotene . i am sadly disappointed in a company , who over the years , i have purchased many of their products
the machine is easy to use and makes great espresso ... when it 's working ! mine broke down within the first year . i spent $ 80 dollars to fix it the first time , but it broke down again after another two months of use ( water would n't heat up ) . it would cost me another $ 200 to fix it . i 'm now looking for a more reliable machine .
we have nothing but henckels in our kitchen , as we love to cook , and everyone who cooks knows the value of good knives . i bought these without a second thought as i am used to henckels quality . what a surprise we got ! made somewhere in asia at bargain basement prices , i 'm sure.. . while these probably do cut steak as well as any cheap serrated knife would , if you are buying them because they are henckels and you expect a certain quality - do n't . we returned these promptly
a little less than so-so . you think it is a bargain because of the name . it 's not . get some good steak knives at your grocer 's
i have had this kit for 3 1/2 months and still no seeds have sprouted . the package does say it may take a few months though . you might consider getting a starter kit/set instead with potted plants
i bought both this and the similar version from brookstone this year . i was expecting a lot from the metrokane , but it turns out the brookstone is much better . it 's $ 60 , but the brookstone version will last you much longer than the $ 45 metrokane . among the differences : the metrokane is made of plastic , the brookstone is metal . the brookstone model comes with two bottle sealers , and it 's case is made of very high quality leather-like material instead of cheap plastic . finally , my metrokane is brand new , and i 've already managed to scratch the finish , since it 's so cheap . if you 're looking to get a new wine opener , do yourself a favor and buy another brand
my salter 1001 scale started having problems within 3 months and broke within 10 months . i am sending the scale back to saltier for replacement . a good scale while it worked , but what pain this has become
the thread count & softness of the sheets met my expectations , however the top sheet was the wrong size , it did not even fit across my queen size bed . i had to return them . the holidays are coming up and i am very reluctant to shop amazon.com . i was previously a happy customer
i 've owned black and decker 's predecessor to this unit - the shortcut - for about 25 years . it was a well designed mini food processor . so i had high hopes for the black & decker mfp200 minipro plus food processor . what a disappointment ! the problem is slicing . the slicing disk * must * be used in conjunction with a " redirection disk " that redirects whatever your slicing out the " ejection chute " . well this chute ejects alrighty - all over the kitchen . it goes back to target tomorrow . and to the design folks over at b & d : you should really test out your designs before going to production with them . do yourself a * huge * favor and pass on this unit . i have to go now ; i have mushroom slices all over my kitchen .
i bought one of these to make bagna cauda , and upon loading the necessary ingredients and depressing the " high " button , it sparked and died . well , ok , i guess it only * half * died , as the " pulse " button would still work , if i leaned on it with my entire weight , but both the " high " and " low " switch settings did nothing . so i 'm thinking next time i 'll spend a little more ; meanwhile , this little guy goes back
i only used mine once , then tossed it . wish i would have read these reviews first ! thought it looked good at kohls . i liked that the grates can be seperated to wash... they do , but it takes a lot of force . feels like you 're going to break them . i should have returned it but i was mad at it and trashed it.. at least it was marked 15 % off ( still higher than here though ) . i 've been trying to find one like we have . a simple one with a handle . no plastic . i feel they work the best . i think it 's an ecko , but i ca n't find it anywhere . target and walmart do n't have it
really nice bowl with cover . it mushed up the tomatoes and the safety handle you hold on to broke on the second use . it does however make very thin slices
great while it worked , though a little large . but , it broke after 4.5 month
too slow to give reading almost never changes
i have purchased these plates from amazon in the past and the earlier plates were made in england . so , i ordered more to go along with my current set to find that now they are made in india and were not of the same quality as those made in england . i sent them back . i will say that had i not already had the more detailed & colorful items , i might have appreciated these of lesser quality more than i did .
i was dissapointed that this item arrived broken and i needed to send it back for a refund
cthis is my second bread maker . i bought cuisinart 's one last year and had used it for about a year . i had no idea how different each bread maker was at that point . cuisinart 's one has obviously some problems : 1 . bread tends to be darker so quickly and becomes hard . 2 . it is very noisy during kneading cycle as i can not hear the music from the audio . 3 . paddle is caught in the bread and hard to remove it if you do not remove it before baking cycle starts . 4 . some basic cycle have no " pre-heat " cycle . it means i need to prepare exactly appropriate temperature water to make yeast work nicely . but it is very hard and sometimes i fail . 5 . the design of the case is not great . some unmixed ingredients are left on the corners and baked as it is if i do not mix it using a spatula . one of my friends owns panasonic bread maker and showed it to me . i was so surprised at it as the thickness of the case is very different . she has never had such a problem which i have had . then i decided to get panasonic one although my first one is still working . the bread maker was delivered in 2 days . i tried same recipe which i often used for cuisinart 's . the bread came out amazingly nice and much nicer than the one from cuisinart . bread is nicely blown , crispy outside and soft , fluffy inside . it is just perfect . i guess these difference come from mainly these things : 1 . the case is very thick so that bread can not be brown so quickly and keep the inside of bread soft and flavorful . 2 . " pre heat " cycle adjust the temperature of water well . i do not have to make appropriate temperature 's water any more . 3 . this machine has the special room for yeast . it works very well to keep yeast away from the water particularly using the timer . i think i never back to cuisinart although i miss some points ( sophisticated design or the window on the rid which i can see inside of the case through ) of cuisinart a little bit . i highly recommend this bread maker .
i was so looking forward to this machine . i am a long time machine bread maker and have had two other brands with not a problem . first , yes it burns the crust on med ; second , i made 4 , count them , four batches of their recipe bread and my recipe bread and they were all awful . could not believe it . each time i followed the reciped and instructions to the letter . i 'm giving up the ghost and going back to my el cheapo bread machines that work every time . love the style and the loaf shape of the cuisinart but do n't like wasting my time and ingredients . maybe i got a lemon
i bought this rack thinking that i can now bake cakes with bigger size , or cool a bunch of cookies on the same rack ; well...i am very disappointed . but let 's start witht he good things first . pros : 1 . it 's big , i like the size a lot 2 . it 's gridded , so i do n't need to worry about cookies falling off the rack . they are steady right there . cons : the biggest problem is the material , it is not strong at all ! when the rack arrived , the middle of it was already bent ( or sagging a bit ) . i was able to bent it backwards easily , yet that " perfect " posture did n't hold for long , it 's back to its bad sagging position again very soon . then it got way worse , when i try to cool cakes on it . cookies are n't that bad , since they are light . when i have the moist and right out of the oven cake sitting on that rack , the middle of the rack is barely touching my kitchen counter top already . of course , as soon as i lift my cake up , it goes back to the normal sagging position . i think unless you are planning on baking cookies only...this is not a rack for you . pick something else , something stronger
i had to wash the comforter 3 times before it softened up enough for me to put it on my son 's bed . the sheet is still " crunchy " . i was a little disappointed with the quality of the sheets . they are very thin . the comforter is however snuggly warm
this is a gorgeous ice bucket . it is large and stylish . however , i can not recommend it because of the lid . the lid is attached to the bucket and does not come completely off . instead , it pivots and swings up . the problem with this is that you can not fill the bucket all the way up with ice because you have to leave a good amount of room at the top for the lid to swing . and , because the lid is not removable , it gets in the way especially if you want to use this bucket as a champagne/wine cooler . poor design flaw . i want an ice bucket that i can remove the lid and put it aside if i do n't need to use it rather than having it sticking up and in the way . you 'll notice in oxo 's main picture of this bucket on this site it is shown without the lid sticking up . why ? because it makes for a cleaner look not having the lid in the way . hey oxo , that 's the same look i wanted this bucket to have sitting on my bar ! would it have killed oxo to put a knob/handle on the lid and let the customer decide if they want the lid on or off ? i swear sometimes i think manufacturers never bother actually testing out the things they design . if they had , surely they would have noticed how bad their lid idea was . or they could have looked at every other ice bucket on the market to see that theirs is the only one in which the lid does n't come off . that should have been a clue to them that there are obvious merits to having a removable lid . this bucket has a clear plastic lid . i do n't understand why it 's plastic at all . first of all , it 's an ice bucket ! i think everyone knows ice is inside without needing to peek through the lid . secondly , a metal lid will keep the temperature inside colder longer than than a plastic lid . that is why the bucket is made of metal , not plastic . metal is a better conductor of heat and cold . i wish i had noticed the lid before i purchased it . i did n't pay close enough attention . i suppose i assumed it was a normal lid that came off like all the others . thankfully i got the bucket from my local bed bath & beyond making its return very easy . i am sorry i have to return it because this really is a nice looking bucket . however , i do n't intend to spend $ 40 on an ice bucket just to sit there , look pretty and receive compliments--that 's my job as hostess : - ) . i want an ice bucket that is functional too . oh , well...my search for the perfect ice bucket continues .
i picked one of these up for my husband for father 's day . it looked like a great idea , avoiding the mess of ice and rock salt . we followed the directions exactly and were very disappointed when chocolate soup emerged from the maker . we put it in a container in the freezer and ended up with a chocolate brick ! needless to say , we are not at all happy with this product
i have a profesional 6 model , and i did everything the recipe said for 1 batch of regular spaghetti pasta . it did n't kill the mixer , but the motor became very hot ! i will never use it again . i also have the roto slicer/shredder , fruit/veggie strainer , food grinder & sausage stuffer attachments...none of these have even made my stand mixer very warm . --that tells me the pasta maker attachment is a bad product . i am thankful that my model is 525 watts...i could only imagine what would have happened if i had a classic 300 watt model ! my best advice is to pick up an inexpensive pasta machine or an emperia hand crank pasta machine . they run between $ 20-40 without a motor or $ 80-120 with a motor ( that you can also buy separately for $ 50-80 ) . --a very small price to pay , if you want to keep your kitchenaid stand mixer !
have been wanting to get the pasta roller attachment and ran accross this plastic pasta maker at the store . was really excited since it was in my price range . took it home and tried to use it . my kitchenaid mixer starting smoking and so i let it rest for the hour . upon removing the attachment i found oil and black rubber or grease was all over the inside of the attachment . ( on the coil thing that pushes the dough through ) next time i wanted to use my mixer to beat egg whites it had no power . i sure hope this inexpensive attachment did n't ruin my wonderful mixer . highly disappointed with kitchenaid on this attachment
if you buy this this thing , be prepared to cut off about an inch off the tip , 'cause apparently the tip is just there for aesthetics . plunging this thermometer into boiling water , it wo n't read accurately ( 15-20deg under ) until at least an inch of the tip is immersed
very annoying that you ca n't get the filters for this coffee maker anywhere
the bag is narrow and difficult to fill . you invariably end up with a mess which gets even more messy because the bag is made from a very slippery plastic . i had no luck using this bag , even though i gave it two chances
i purchased a 14-cup cuisinart some years ago . i have had nothing but trouble . first the handle stuck while i was kneading dough and i barely was able to pry it off . then i had problems with the stem . when i tried to get a new one from customer service they told me that they were no longer servicing my older model and suggested i buy a new cuisinart ! stay away from cuisinart ! i 'm looking into kitchen aid for my new processor
i recently purchased this product . the first time i used it , i thought it worked great . i made a pot of chili and let it cook until we were ready to eat it that night . the second time i used it , things were not as good . the outer shell where the controls are were literally melting . i had programmed this to cook for 10 hours while i went to work . i came home that night and the hours had not changed . i realized i did n't click the on/off button to start heating the cooker . this may have saved a house fire . i went ahead and changed the time from 10 to 4 hours . this set the unit to high instead of the original low setting . not 15 minutes after turning on , the outer covering was melting . i immediately shut it off . i see the 4 quart units were recalled back in 2004 for similar issues . whatever their problem , it has not been fixed . be aware of this serious problem when using your slow cooker . i am returning mine and will exchange for a different brand
bought this for the kitchen and the only piece that truly does what it is supposed to do is the vase they give to hold all the pieces . the spoons both melted in pots of boiling water stirring spaghetti . the spatula bent and distorted while trying to lift something off a hot cookie sheet . if there was a choice to give a half star , that is all i would give.....you have to give them some credit , since the vase looks nice on the counter &lt ; grin
stainless my foot ! i received these from my wedding registry and only just used them for thanksgiving this weekend . after one run through the dishwasher , several pieces are rusted , the finish has worn off , and they are even pock-marked in places ! i too threw away the box when i first took them out , and can not find * any * information on warranty or how to contact cambridge silversmiths . i 've bought cheap individual pieces of stainless for * camping * that stood up better than this . i wish i 'd put oneida on my registry instead of this crap
these sheets are like 200 cotton count not 1200 cotton count . do not order you will be sorry ! !
these silicone pot holders are indeed brightly colored , easy to wash in the dishwasher , and protective even when wet . they are also clumsily stiff at the same time as they are slippery , the net result being a miserable failure in the kitchen . they are useful for protecting a counter from a hot pot , but not for picking the hot pot up
i just received my set . the glasses are so... beautiful ! yet , 5 out of 6 are defective ! ! what a big disappointment ! i have been looking forward to receiving my first riedel....amazon.com provides great deal which i got $ 80 for 6 glasses , but they were obviously factory seconds ! so disappointed ! however , the design of the glass are beautiful ! ! i am still returning them ! so sad ! ..... . :
great sugar dish , fantastic colour , but amazon 's shipping time of 1-2 weeks is way off . i ordered this twice and had it take well over a month to arrive
amazon seems to experience a disproportionate number of " pricing errors " . whenever you attempt to purchase anything at amazon that represents a 50 % or higher discount , do n't expect to receive it . poor business practices
this is our second george f grill . the first one burned out after about 5 years . we liked but could not get the same size so we got this one . it was bigger than we wanted but we had no other choices . what a mistake ! ! ! ! after less than one year and not heavy use the connector to the thermostat ( spade conn. ) just fell apart . being the handy man that i am , i fixed it . today ( 9/6/2005 ) it burned out again . this grill is a fire hazard and should be recalled . it is a piece of junk . we will replace it with a different brand . thanks for nothing george
i would n't purchase anything from vision decour ! i ordered this 3 piece set the same say i ordered pieces from three other companies . it took vision decour longer to just e-mail me than it did the other companies to ship and deliver the other three pieces i ordered . apparently the set i ordered was out of stock , but vision decour neglected to update their web site . after they contacted me about this issue i checked their site and they still had the set listed as availabel and in stock . so now i have been waiting for weeks and have half of a living room with no prospect of getting the table set i needed to match everything else
these bowls are wonderful - a great addition to my winterberry collection , however they came packaged in the same packaging as they would in store , so during shipment they were broken . amazon was great to send replacements , but some of those were broken too . i have finally received all dishes i ordered , but beware of receiving broken dishes
my first and only use was to cook a roast in the oven at 275 degrees and within the first 30 minutes it started to give me the wrong readings . i have had it a while but have not used it as it is only good for the oven . the statement on the inside instructions " when cooking in a barbecue or smoker , do not use as a continuous read thermometer , use only as an instant read thermometer . " , " 5 . do not use this unit to measure cooking temperatures over 392& # 9702 ; f. " as well as " warranty excludes thermometer probes . " should be on the outside , letting people know this is only for the oven for continuous use and that the probes are junk . if you have to keep checking the meat in a smoker over many hours , a cheap $ 6.00 meat thermometer will work just fine other than letting out the heat . why does the outside packaging say the reading range is 86& # 9702 ; to 572& # 9702 ; if you can only use to 392& # 9702 ; . i would say this is only a typo and they likely did a cut and paste on their lower temperature unit 's instructions , but 275& # 9702 ; in the oven killed mine so maybe not ? cut to the chase , look for a better unit and let me know when you find it
i 've had 2 polder thermometers and both of them have had a very short life span . do n't waste your money
this unit looks like it would be fun for the kids , but in fact , it barely works . even when the insert is pre-frozen in a zero degree freezer , the maching has problems getting the mix even into a " soft " state , and even when it gets close to that , the ice cream does not dispense in a manner that allows for the classic soft-serve look in the cone . an email to cuisinart regarding the problem went unanswered . we used it twice , and gave up . one hint that 's not in the instructions : you have to keep the machine running while dispensing -- or trying to dispense -- the ice cream . another hint that 's not in the instructions : do n't buy this item
the machine leaked after we poured in the liquid ingredients.the mix in dispenser did not operate properly , all we put in were sprinkles . the ice cream did not harden enough until about 25 minutes ; kids can not wait that long.we could of driven to the local ice cream store and back by this time . save your money,buy a old fashion ice cream maker instead at least your kids will get a workout and be occupied at the same time
your freezer needs to at least zero degrees f in order to have the bowl freeze to a point the ice cream comes out a consistency thicker than a very thin milk shake . i needed a seperate chest freezer in order to achieve these temps . the ice cream maker is made of cheap plastic which caused it to break after two weeks of mild use . we attempted to correct the problem with cuisinart via e-mail and phone calls and the issue still is not resolved and therefore we are returning the ice cream maker . negative points aside , the ice cream maker did make great ice cream . ( thanks mostly to the ben and jerry 's recipe book we ordered at the same time . ) we 'll look into getting a better quality ice cream maker in the near future . it wo n't be made by cuisinart
this cooker made great rice...for a grand total of 3 uses before it broke ! it also has a very thin and easily dented aluminum bowl that is not non-stick . there are better cookers out there for comparable prices . do n't waste your money
that 's right . i got taken twice . i bought this cooker for under $ 20 a few years ago , and it died after the second use . considering it was so inexpensive , i just bought another one . it died again after only one use . i wish i would have read the reviews beforehand because it seems to be a common problem . i guess salton just recycle their returns so they can afford to pay george foreman the $ 90 million they owe him for endorsements
i received this a shower gift a few years ago . standard mixer , ca n't do anything too drastic with it , but i noticed the last time i took the beaters out of the dishwasher they had rusted . these are not stainless beaters and they will rust . i 'm in the market for a new mixer
this is clearly a case of " you get what you pay for " . for easy jobs this mixer works fine , but give it a thick batch of brownie mix or cookie dough and the motor will just di
i 've had this toaster for four years now . it just started going down hill recently . -it started toasting too darkly on the settings i had consistently used for years . -the digital setting knob no longer works , it is stuck on 4 . -it only shuts off when manually popped up . i have to agree with other reviews that said it does n't toast very even . i 've noticed this in my four years of use . so if your willing to pay the price for it to last 4 years get it . if not , try another with better reviews
do n't bother buying the pots . after only 2 months use , the inside edges are cracking off ( i hand wash all the pots ) . i have a fry pan of another brand that i have used for over 3 years and this never happened . in addition , in spite of purchasing the 12 piece set and three additional pans , they refused to give me a $ 20.00 promised rebate . i 'm ready to junk the set
while these are pretty & feel good in your hand , they rust . i had them for 3 days when several of the forks began forming rust inside the swirly patterns . they are not 18/10 as advertised - they are only 18/0...which is why they are rusting . i returned them promptly .
you look at them in a picture frame.....the fish are crammed in there
ok this is the stupidest thing i read all the reviews and all the nagitvive ones i agree with i wouldnt put a guggy just one guppy in the i have african cichlids mbunas to be exact and i have a 29gallon i over stocked mine but i dont carei have 15 if you count the two plecos ok i have a 60 gallon filter .does this thing have a filter ? ? ? and if its only 6.34 gallons or 2.16 gallons idk its not worght it.if you want a small fish tank get a desktop or if you want a wall fish tank get a custom they only cost 1,000 dollars spend it its worth it byebye and thank
i was excited when i got the set , however after a few cuts/uses the knives are dull and the santoku has rust on the sharp end of the blade . for a warranty claim i have to pre pay postage to get a replacement . not recommended at all ! i 'm surprised at the low quality with this brand
we own a set of 2-man pro series and this set did not even compare . returned them the same day they arrived to my house
i have a set of mid-range henckels that i bought some years ago , and they are -much- better than this . i bought this set for my daughter because they were a good compromise between quality and price , and she wo n't ruin then in the dishwasher . i would have thought that henckels would n't make any actual crap , but this set comes awfully close . the good thing is , boy are they sharp . but there 's bad things too . only the 8 " chef 's knife and the shears have any feel of quality at all , the rest are -very- thin and flimsy . 'laser-cut ' edges are overrated - make them another millimeter thick please , so they can make a precise cut without the blade bending and taking off in an unintended direction . a good knife is an extension of the cook 's intention - it does what you want , and does not require thought and pre-conception and compensation in every cut . ( ... ) is waaay too much for one adequate chef 's knife and some toys . very disappointed in henckels , and in amazon too , i do n't feel i got what i ordered .
we got this as a wedding gift and it worked ok for about 2 years , but there are 2 plastic parts that have broken in the last month making it unusable . would not recommend this machine or this brand to anyon
i myself am not a coffee drinker but after watching the lengths that my husband has gone through to get keep his coffee hot , i will agree with other reviewers , this delonghi is dewrongi . my husband has to boil the water in a kettle to pre-heat the carafe before brewing . if he does n't get a chance to drink it right away , he puts the carafe ( filled with coffee ) onto the stovetop on low . well a couple mornings ago , we were both rushing around to get the kids off to school and off to work . without thinking , he put the carafe on the burner but must have accidentally cranked it to high heat . next thing i know i 'm screaming from the kitchen because the carafe is on fire with 2 foot flames quickly spreading . he dumped a pot of cold water on it and hallelujah , no damage was done . ( we are so lucky as we are selling our home in a few months . so after reading the other reviews , i 'm no longer pursuing a replacement carafe but instead will buy him a whole new machine...and it wo n't be a delonghi
i went to amazon after having several problems with this coffee maker only to find lots of others with the same problems . yes , delonghi makes a great product . no , this is not one of them . i have read the directions so often i have them memorized , and i can tell from the number of reviews that there is a serious quality control problem with this unit . i bought mine from costco , and sometimes the manufacturers do something different for costco product runs . i hope that is not the problem , but that is all i can think of that would be causing such a disparity of reviews . so...who else bought this unit from costco ? because if that is the problem i 'll bet costco will be all over delonghi to fix it . until then , this is definitely not the coffee maker you will look forward to first thing in the morning , every day
these knives barely cut.... and the title is misleading . this set has nothing to do with faberware . also , i have had this set for only a few weeks and already rust has appearred on them . buy them if you intend it for one time use
these are not farberware , but hoan -- which makes cut-rate kitchen implements like knives , measuring cups etc . i sent these as a gift , and was hugely embarrassed when i showed up for dinner and found out i 'd sent this junk.this is deceptive advertising at its worst -- shame on you , amazon !
my mom bought me this set for my anniversary two years ago . we use it regularly and run it through the dishwasher and it is just horrible looking . it spots and marks pitifully . i ca n't get most of the spots off no matter what i do . i wrote the company to complain and they said they would replace it if i mailed it in , but with the weight of the set ( because it really is a heavy-duty set of flatware ) it would have cost me a fortune to ship it to them and then all i would have gotten in return was another set of flatware that would probably look the same way in a short period of time . so , i am just putting my experience out there to help others make an informed decision
used this burner during a kitchen renovation . does n't heat very evenly for use with a skillet , but product is sufficient for boiling water for pasta and vegetables . wish the base was heavier for stability
hi , i usually do n't complain about the products that i buy because i consider myself a savvy consumer , but in this instance i was dubbed big time ! a few years ago , we received a krups coffee maker as a wedding gift and we love it ! however , this particular toaster rarely worked . in fact , i would say that 85 % time it would either not toast or would " flip " the toast prematurely e.g . 5 second or less . i have no idea if this is a fluck in quality control or not , but i highly recommend buying a different toaster . i know , i thought , krups makes a toaster ? wow , i 'll buy it , after all how hard can it be for a german company to manufacture functional a toaster ? well , evidently , they have issues .
although consumer reports rated this model as # 2 , i have found this a very disappointing purchase . the cheap aluminum parts inside bend all the time jamming the toaster . it toasts very uneavenly and inconsistently . i am very sorry i purchased this toaster . i was expecting much more from a toaster so highly rated but i 've learned that consumer reports does not always get everything right . listen to the other warnings and stay away from this toaster . as soon as i find another toaster , this one goes off to goodwill .
nice , shiny , new , heavy , quality product . two uses later.. .  warped and buckled tray bottom , shiny , heavy , poor-quality product . i am a keen cook and i do n't expect to spend this much on an so-called " quality " item only for it to warp and buckle after two uses under normal conditions . 1 star
i 've had this appliance since just before thanksgiving but only able to fully use it twice . it 's very cool the way the egg poacher works with the muffin toaster . but when i washed the egg poacher cup , a good bit of teflon came off . ( i tried a second time and my poached egg was full of black teflon flakes . ) the appliance came with a notice that implored you to please call the back to basics if there is a problem ( rather than the retailer ) so i did . i was told they would send a replacement cup immediately . i can boil eggs in it which is great but you ca n't toast at the same time so either your toast or your eggs get cold while waiting for the other . as i approached my 30 day return period , i called back and was told that the cups were being redesigned and they would send one out immediately . today ( now 64 days after the first call ) i called again and was told that my cup was mailed 10 days ago ( but only 7 business days so they wo n't even discuss tracing or resending until next week ) . they mailed it from utah . i live in seattle . i am so not happy with their service , their attitude and now i 'm even getting annoyed at the appliance . hopefully , no one else will have this problem . but , just in case. .
i have had this gadget for a little over a year as we got it as a wedding gift . i had not used it as it did not seem worth the trouble to plan on getting it out ahead of time and charging it for 15 hours when i could use a manual grater right when i needed it . last week , i needed to shred some cheddar for a recipe . i read the instructions front to back , allowed it to charge the full amount of time , and i was pretty excited when it came time to try it out . right from the start , i knew it was junk . you are supposed to be able to lift the piece of plastic up and have it stay in the up position while you change the blade . not mine . the plastic piece kept coming off , and dozens of tries to keep it upright resulted in dozens of failures . i decided to look past that and judge purely on the shredding ability . once i started trying to grate , i had a really hard time getting the thing to shred . i tried varying degrees of pressure . as others commented , the cheese does get stuck everywhere . then , the cheese that does come out is in tiny little shreds . i did not get the nice big shreds that i am used to with my manual grater . my husband thought i was doing it wrong , so he tried it . he had the same result . i will not even sell this at a rummage sale or give it to goodwill , because people are better off without it . since it was a gift , i 'm glad i 'm not out any money . it is going in the trash
i wish i saw the feedback before i bought this...this thing sucks you have to charge it 15hours just to get 23minutes of nothing.. it has no power and it just pushes the cheese it doesnt even grade it...please dont waste your mone
to whom it may concern . cheap assembly , binds up on internal hardwear , does not press fully , all in all , very poor product . you would be better off hand squeezing with you hand than you would with this item...run
after a couple of years of casual use , my bowl also cracked in the freezer . fortunately i had it wrapped in a plastic bag so the mess was kept to a minimum . now i 'm in the market for one with a higher quality bowl .
i received this as a gift for christmas . it worked like a charm for ice cream and lemon slush 3 times . but then , the base burst in my freezer , spewing foul scented goo all over . i contacted the manufacturer to ask how to get it replaced , and never heard back . apparently they do n't care about backing up their product . now i have to buy another one , and it wo n't be this brand
i bought this item on sale at shopko , where it will be returned today . i froze the gel disk as instructed , bought all the ingredients listed in the recipe booklet for vanilla ice cream , cooled the ingredients after mixing as instructed . after 45 minutes of mixing i ended up with ice cream soup . you could let this thing run forever and never end up with ice cream that is set up enough to eat . i put it in a container in the freezer . the next morning i had an ice cream brick . not to be deterred i microwaved it for 15 seconds until it was soft enough to actually remove with my metal ice cream scoop . this stuff gets harder than cement ! after all this work the ice cream had a bad plastic-like aftertaste . i had to throw it all out . if this is n't enough to deter you keep in mind that the " heavy cream " called for in most of the recipes listed in the booklet costs a pretty hefty price . i paid $ 2.50 for the heavy cream listed to make 1.5 quarts of ice cream . that price does n't even include the other ingredients listed . buyer beware
i used this maybe a dozen times before i stopped using it out of disgust . the surface is fragile and hard to clean . i reheated pizza and the residue stuck so tightly it could only be scraped off with extreme care . i did a bone-in slow roast and the weight alone pierced the surface so the juices bled into the matting layer . what 's the point if you ca n't clean it or let anything harder than jell-o come into contact with it . just to clarify--the mat was used to line an airbake cookie sheet for the pizza and to line a baking pan with the roast atop of a bed of carrots and celery . i like my pizza crisp yet moist so i reheat it in a skillet when i can . i bake thin or drier pizza on an insulated sheet to keep it from getting desiccated . when i make a roast--i do n't need any gravy . i slow roast the alton brown way and the juice stays in the meat rather than ending up in the bottom of the pan . the meat literally makes its own au jus in your mouth . i put a bed of vegetables on the bottom to further reduce the heat transfer from the pan to the meat . not cooking for a crowd ? try a 3 inch thick steak ( stood on end ) cooked this way . you wo n't want to share . i do n't slow roast turkey but it only takes 2-1/2 hours to do a 14-16 pound bird if you temper it properly . my sister always gets comments on how moist and juicy it is . in fairness , when i gave my neice two of my unused large pastry/baking mats , she used them successfully to make her chocolate dipped strawberries , turtles , etc .
well reviewed on amazon but this kettle is lacking . the copper does , indeed , boil water fast ; and that 's the job of a kettle , i admit . however , the button/trigger that opens the spout is too close to the steam and you 're forever guarding your fingers and shying away from the kettle . as you tilt the kettle to pour , you 're also tilting the steam nearer to your fingers . it 's uncomfortable at best and searing at worst . while you learn how to not get scalded , this kettle is always at least slightly irritating . there are better kettles around
why would anyone rate these glasses more than 1 star if amazon is refusing to credit for those broken in shipment
the handles , although very cushioned , are too fat for my hands ( which admittedly are rather small ) . i never really got to give either piece a true test though , because the blades on the parer and the vegetable peeler were way too dull to work well . i ca n't really recommend either , although the parer was a little better than the peeler
this bowl does not work with the ice-45 ice machin
i 'm sure that this is a wonderful can opener if you can figure out how to use it . i recieved mine as a gift , and neither the giver , myself , or my husband can figure out how to use the thing . i was told that the instructions could be copied from the internet , but who can find them
i bought this flatware in spite of the warnings about rust . well , sure enough , rust started to form on the knives just after the first run through the dishwasher . the rust spots were small , but i returned the set anyways , as i am not willing to risk the severe rust problems reported by others . and just for the record , i did not use lemon detergent , and i only allowed the set to stay in the dishwasher a short while after the cycle completed . this set is at best a high maintenance proposition . hand washing and drying is not for me ! its a shame , because the set really is beautiful
this delonghi toaster oven was not made as well as the previous one we had . the grey plastic on the sides made it look cheap . the stainless steel was very thin too . you could bend it easily . we returned the oven
i was pretty happy with this toaster oven until last night when it just stopped working while i was baking some potatoes . i have no idea why it would just quit working like that . i am not happy at all with this product
this was a great toaster , until it starting turning itself on . after popping up the toast a few minutes later the heating elements will come back on . kitchenaid has a recall on their proline series with the same problem but there is no recall on this model , yet . do n't bu
it spins on the counter and the juice always slips out of the cup ! do not buy this piece of junk ! ! ! ! ! do n't waste your money on this .
i bought this juicer last week from a local store . it is impossible to keep it steady when you use it . you are lucky if you get the half of the juice in the glass ! the juice is all over the place . the unit started to make a loud noise after 2 days . i will return it this weekend and get my money back . stay away !
i needed a compact cleaner to tidy up after my delightful cat decided to soil my couch . i had read other reviews of the bissell little green machine that were unfavourable , so headed off to the store to find something else . . . . the atlantis express looked interesting , and i had n't seen it before . suffice to say , it did get the cat stains out of the couch , but not after revealing itself as a really poorly designed product . - the machine is loud , very loud - the cleaning 'head ' on the end of the hose has a 'flip-up ' cover to make it easier to clean where it sucks in lint and stuff into the machine . that is a great idea , but there is no gasket to make the joints true and tight . . .. so while it may have 2 times the power of other machines based on sheer power of the motor , it looses some of this power when you actually use it to try and suck water and cleaning solution back up . - the option to spray water and solution or just clean water is part of what appealed to me about this machine . however to accomplish this , the cleaning head has 2 seperate spayers on the underside . neither are centered , the one on the left operates when you have the slider set to solution and the one to the right operates when you have slider set to rinse . as they are not centered , they overspray quite a bit past the edge of the cleaning tool . mine sprayed a wide swath of rinse water about 3 inches past the edge of the cleaning head . to top it off , when you release the trigger , the cleaning head continues to drip water for a few moments , meaning that you have to go very slowly or risk dripping everywhere . while it functioned well enough to clean my couch , it was a brutal and terrible experience . when i bought it i figured it could be used too on my car interior . . . . but the frustration of cleaning a small patch on my couch quickly quelled that thougt . i returned the atlantis express to the store and went out and bought a hoover steam vac jr. -- which i should have done right from the start--- the hoover runs circles around this machine
the first , and only time , i tried to use this compact carpet cleaner was a total disaster . while removing an old sofa to make way for new furniture , the delivery men stained the new carpet . i whipped out our new atlantis , filled the rinse tank and popped in the soap cartridge . with manual in hand , i tried to quickly clean the carpet as the new furniture was making its way up the stairs.. . the unit did not dispense soapy water , the hand-held wand leaked , and finally i discovered that the body of the until was leaking all over my carpet , creating a soggy new stain . so here i am with two stains on my now very wet carpet , furniture being delivered and an atlantis unit sitting in my bathtub until i can find a large sledge hammer . do n't waste your money with this thing . there has to be a better answer
wish i had heeded the advice of most of the reviewers before i purchased this . i went ahead and purchased this because it was replacing a braun coffee maker that we had had for 10 - 15 years . after it got the new plastic taste out of it , it made good coffee . even without the brita filter . just like all the reviewers indicated , the carafe leaked and spilled badly unless you poured very slowly and carefully . unfortunately , it has quit working after only 2 1/2 months . the seller , etronics , is declining to do anything about it saying it is now outside of their 30 return period . that will be the last thing i buy through them . like uhh , since they sell braun,one would think they would have some recourse through braun and try to help their customers . so , here i am between the proverbial rock and a hard place , try to find a braun warranty center and wait for it to get repaired or replaced , or just bite the bullet an go buy another . ( want to bet it wo n't be a braun ? ) additionally , what do we do for coffee in the mean time ? such are the hazards of purchasing an electric appliance on the internet
i 've had two of these now , and they both had one serious flaw : the trumpeted " brew and pause " feature does not work . pull the carafe out during brewing and treat yourself to a steaming hot waterfall of coffee that would almost be comical if it were n't such a relentless pain in the neck to clean up . also , it 's hard not to spill some water on the heating plate , either during filling or brewing , creating a consequent sizzling sound that adds a lot of ambience -- if you live in a steak house . considering how many other coffee makers are available out there , these flaws make this machine a mistake . too bad , because some things are done quite nicely : the controls are good and easy to set , and the overall styling is sleek , euro-cool , and compact . unless you live in a community where calcified sewage runs through the taps , the water filters do about as much as a rain dance . pass on this one
i loved this coffeemaker , until it just suddenly stopped working and it is n't even 1 year old ! ! previous coffeemakers i owned have lasted years and years . i expect more from a coffeemaker that cost over $ [ ... ] + . now i have to find the warranty card and go through all that hassle . i am not a happy customer
i returned this the day it arrived . i heated the obligatory 4 cups of water as per instructions . left the room and came back in 20 minutes . the warning light was not lit . i moved the crock to the side to see if i had not properly plugged it in since the light was out . i brushed my hand against the exterior lip and received a first degree burn . farberwear company customer service said " the light is a little dim " but you should be able to see it . yes , you can see it if you look up from below the crockpot you will see a faint glow . the crock pot sits very loosely in its container leaving a large gap between the food container and the heater housing.heat escapes through these gaps which accounts for the overheated exterior . i would advise those with kids , especially , to find another slow cooker
i received my taylor professional [ and ] it appeared to be behaving normally except it shut itself off after 4 to 7 minutes even while its readings were changing . now , it is supposed to save its battery life by shutting off if there is no change in its temperature reading for 10 minutes , but it should stay on if its readings are changing . the temperatures were no where near the extremes of the thermometer 's range , so this was n't a case of shutting down because of that . .. . i e-mailed the manufacturer about the problem and was told i could return it to them for replacement . i did this and less than three weeks later received a new one from them . surprise , surprise -- this one behaved the same way , shutting off after 4 or 5 minutes even while its readings were changing . i e-mailed taylor again about this and suggested they check out their existing supply of this model , as i suspected they had many that were shutting down like this . .. . approximately two weeks later .. . i received another package from them containing one of their model 9845 thermometers , a different model ! i received no communications from taylor about this , other than their original e-mail stating i could return my original thermometer to them for replacement . i do n't know what i 'll do now . i would like a properly functioning 9878 .. .
i own this pan and the bavarian and chrysanthemum models too . i think nordicware makes very innovative designs which makes their flaw even more disappointing . after a few uses , everytime i bake with these pans the cake always stick . i grease and flour these pans before baking and the cake still sticks . one reviewer said to liberally grease these pans , but i do n't understand why there 's so much work for greasing a " non-stick " pan . i had less worries when using a regular tin pan with no " non-stick "
i purchased this item to be able to grill during the winter months when it 's too cold to be outside . it looks very nice and clean up is super easy . the problem seems to be in what you decide to grill on it . the first time i used it , i grilled chicken breasts and they turned out fine and by keeping water in the drip pan , i had no problem with smoke . this is great , i thought . the next time i grilled hamburger patties and even though i followed the same procedure as before , it smoked up my whole house . ( these were not high fat content burgers either ) i added more water to the pan thinking it may have not been enough and it continued to smoke even more . it was not a pleasant experience . right now it is sitting on top of my fridge and it may stay there until i decide to give it one more try . if it fairs better next time i will return and give it a better review..maybe
i finally just threw them out . they were apparently cured with some chemical and the smell was terrible .
there are only two mixers on the shaft . as a result it is very difficult to mix the ice cream into a thick milk shake
we had registered for all-clad pans for our wedding last year , and decided to go with a calphalon commercial nonstick set instead . the person helping us highly recommended the calphalon one infused anodized set instead , and said the demonstrations he had seen were fantastic . we bought that set and have had it for nearly a year . we hardly ever use it , however , because things stick so badly , even with oil . while the set looks quite nice and cleans up easily enough with soaking and bar keeper 's friend , i 'm very disappointed with how it cooks and would love to be able to return it
at first we loved this pan . we 've used it quite a bit , but recently it has started to warp and it gets worse when it is heated . i can no longer sear a roast and then put it in the oven because the pan is so uneven . i 've contacted all clad and am waiting to see what they say . needless to say , i would have been much happier with a less expensive pan . i am very happy with all the other all clad pans that we have , but this one is a disappointment
this item is the black sheep of the all clad line . it is not a triply pan like other all clad products and is made entirely of stainless steel ( no aluminum ) . it is also made in korea where other all clad products are made in the usa . there are better roasters out there for less than half the price of this roaster
i liked the look of these pots . i bought several 2 and 3qt pots mainly for boiling water for pasta , potatoes etc . the stainless steel used is very poor quality . after just over a month all of them have rust spots on the bottoms and where the handles meet the pot . after the first use i noticed small discolored spots on the inside bottoms , not your typical discoloration from heat , and they would not polish out with bar keepers friend . these spots are now where i see rust forming after each use . these are definitly no where near the quality of my all-clad and calphalon stainless steel cookware , but then again neither is the price . all said i would n't buy them again . even cheap stainless steel pots and pans should n't rust with normal use . even the free cuisinart santoku knife i received is rusting and i 've only used it 3 times . i can not stress how bad the steel is ! as far as cooking goes , they work great . the aluminum core bottoms conduct the heat well . they also have a great look aside from the rusting
i bought this coffee maker , because some people gave it high recommendation here . i think i wasted my money . it worked only for a couple of days . finally , it just stopped working and i had to push the button at least three times in order to collect a small cup of coffee . that is ridiculous for an expensive coffee maker priced at $ 80 above . it makes me feel that this japanese coffee maker is like sony-made products , having a fancy looking but lousy quality . save your money for some other coffe makers , and avoid this one
i have to agree with the other negative reviews . this insert loosely fits the all-clad 3-quart casserole pan i bought with it ( which i could understand if i were trying to use it with another brand ) . it being from the same line and company one would think that someone would have tested how well it worked . as with all all-clad products it 's built very well but who cares about that if it does n't work properly . someone else mentioned all the perforations are in the bottom of the insert , it would be better if there were holes in the sides as well . i think my artichokes would cook a little faster if tons of steam was n't rolling out from in between the insert and pan . it works , just not very well .
we 're a small restaurant ( 16 seats ) , serving dinner 4 nights a week , and we use the blender for soups , caesar dressing , etc. , once or twice a week , but never use ice in it or anything like that . we 've had two of this same model now , and had the same problem with both of them . the black collar , the part of the base where you set the container , is plastic , and on both blenders has broken . the first time it lasted almost a year , and we figured that was n't too bad -- especially when you compare the cost to a true commercial/professional blender , which are $ 300 + . also , we really like the blender in terms of function , so we picked up another one . this time , the exact same thing happene , except that the collar cracked within 2 weeks ! ! my other complaint is that i found waring customer service to be disinterested & unhelpful -- especially because i contacted them about buying a new model , not about problems with the one we had . i saw a model on their website but no purchasing info was listed ; i emailed to find out where to purchase , and the rep seemed almost inconvenienced by my inquiry
no postives to report . the unit is :  1.too small to make enough cheese to bother with . 2 very difficult to clean . 3 poorly designed ; the cheese sits in the whey . 4.overpriced . this should retail for under eight bucks . four or five on sale . faster and easier to use cheese cloth than this device .
unfortunately , i 've ordered more than my share of foodsaver products , having bought into the philosophy of vacuum storage , despite reading ample warnings from discontented consumers . what many of them claim is very much to the point : plastic containers frequently develop cracks and loss of vacuum . i 've had many of their marinators and storage canisters prove defective after less than 10 uses . it seems to be related to the material properties and container size characteristics . the smaller containers seem to last longer . those with thick walls relative to the specified volume or reinforcing structures seem to last just a bit longer . in plain language , the plastic containers are unreliable . foodsaver should develop materials and designs that can handle the stress of the vacuum cycling placed on them , or quit the the business . since their products have been on the market for many years , i can only assume they are more interested in recruiting new customers than satisfying existing customers . if you like filling out warranty forms every few weeks , more power to you . bottle sealers are equally worthless . every one that i bought lost vacuum in short order . in one case , a defective seal resulted in a spill of cooking oil that damaged a nylon tent and other camping gear . foodsaver has done a good job with certain items in their product line . the vacuum unit is well designed and performs reliably , as long as the instuctions are followed . the bagging system is unassailable , even though the cost of the bags and rolls is quite high ( read consumer reports reviews ) . and , to be fair , their universal lids are excellent . use them to seal small glass jars or stainless steel bowls , and there is no loss of vacuum due to cracked plastic . bottom line ? be careful which products you buy . some are excellent , while others are pure junk .
i was disappointed in this product . the butter slid out of the bell and into the water . i think it would be better if the inside of the bell was n't glazed
i bought this set and was very pleased until the grater just snapped at the handle . this implies that there is a support problem with the manufacturers design
this percolater makes great coffee and i was very happy with it until it broke within two years . actually the first thing that broke was the little plastic knob on the top . i called the company and they were very nice about it . they quickly sent me a replacement part . i thought , what a great company . then when it would not work one morning just a little over two years after i bought it i called them again . they explained that it was no longer under warranty ( i think i missed the warranty term by a month or two . ) they offered that i could purchase a refurbished one from them for about half the price of the original ( i paid about $ 70.00 , a refurbished one was , i think , $ 35.00 ) but it came with no warranty and i 'd have to pay shipping . i was very , very disappointed . thankfully , i had my old drip coffee maker in the attic . i pulled that out and have been using it although it does not make as good a cup of coffee as this percolator did . this product should have lasted me years . i am looking for another good cordless percolator but would not consider another product by this company . i gave it the two star rating instead of one because it did truly make a good cup of coffee but the two year life is just not worth the cost
first the plastic top broke off at 6 months . then it stopped working at 9 . i have one word : junk
less than one month after puchasing this pasta machine all of the pasta dies have broken . the ring nuts can not hold the dies in place and they break . maybe it is because i was making semolina pasta , but that should not be the case . this machine has caused me way too much stress at dinner time . knowing what i know now i would buy fresh pasta at the store
after my ronco machine broke , i bought this one . it never worked well for hollow pasta , and the bearings went out after about 20 uses
i bought this on 8/4/06 . when i first got the coffee maker , i ran plain water through the machine to get the plastic smell out . afterwards , the machine still smelled like plastic , now i 've ran vinegar through the machine and still no help . the horrible plastic smell is still there . baking soda is no use also . the only thing i 've not used is bleach . if you do n't mind the plastic smell then this is a good small machine that works well with most coffee cups . makes really hot cups of coffee and none of the leaking problems
these are plastic-y , one cracked after 2nd washing , they look like the little fish bowls from the county fair , so big you have to use 2 hands to prevent sloshing it all over yourself :
this was the best toaster over i ever owned . but one of the infrared bulbs blew after about 4 months . does anyone know where to buy a replacement
i can not testify as to how well this unit makes toast . i basically bought this toaster oven for it oven capabilities . * i like the fact that the oven cuts off after the timer expires . things burn quicker in a toaster oven . * my major gripe : i often can not selected the correct oven temperature . for example , today i needed to warm up some bread sticks to go with italian dish . the box told me to set the temperature to 375 degress . guess what , there is no 375 degree temperature on this unit . there is a 355 and 390 . other frequently requested temperature settings missing on this unit are 350 , 400 , 450 . 425 is the only relatively common temperature setting that is found on this toaster oven . as a " do n't fire up the big oven heating up the house on a hot summer day " unit , this toaster oven comes up a little short
the sango splash line of dinnerware is gorgeous , no doubt about it . it 's got a lovely combination of colors and textures and it feels great in the hand . so what 's the problem ? it chips . i 've had a set of eight place settings plus various serving pieces and other extras for about two years . at last count , there were five pieces with chips and one cracked cup . that does n't say much for the set 's longevity , especially since i do n't use these every day .
this machine does not make clear ice , just like your in-refrigerator does not make clear ice . also , please read consumer reviews about function
what i most like about this product is the crumb catcher feature . unfortunately , i have a problem with the acrylic piece at the end of the cutting board popping out when i am using it . i would also recommend that the wood used be a harder wood such as is used normally with cutting boards as when i slice it leaves grooves in the wood
i agree with other writers . this unit is very poorly designed and built . cutting my third loaf of bread , the knife point came out of the guide , and on return , snaped one of the guides off . not washable , end plate falls off while cutting all the time , unit slides over the counter when trying to cut ( rubber feet would have cured this ) . i would look elsewhere before buying this unit
very disappointed in this product . it falls apart everytime you try to slice a piece of bread . the wooden crumb box gouges very easily as well . just a piece of flimsy plastic . : ( i ended up buying a much less expensive bread keepr that came with a slicing guide , about half the price and it works great :
the 17 piece set is a great value but quality of the stainless steel is poor . the mirror finish does n't last long when you begin cooking on or even boiling water . the bond use to stick the bottom plate to the bottom of the pan is odd . when 1st heated it makes a few popping sounds . i did n't expect a great quailty product due to the cost of the set . finding everything that i needed and used was more important . the set does heat evenly and cook well it 's just overall spotting and stains are an eye sore . this product is great if looking for style and going to hand it up over an islan
i grew up with corelle . my mom still has a complete set she got before i was born . it survived four kids--all boys--and three marriages . i thought it was indestructible . i was wrong . when i lifted the box from amazon , i could hear shards of glass scraping around inside . i only needed to open one flap to see that , indeed , the entire set was destroyed . however , i should point out that the problem does n't lie with amazon . the damage is purely the result of corelle , which clearly did n't intend for this box to be shipped solo . my advice : pick up a box locally at macy 's or dillard 's or something
i like the calphalon contemporary line a great deal , and so i was pleased to find the steamer insert that fit my pan . but my first attempt to use it was a failure--the small steamer holes ( and not very many of them ) are easily covered by the food to be steamed , leaving the insert to function like a double boiler . after working for close to an hour to steam summer squash ( which should take 20 minutes at most ) , i gave up and dumped the squash into the steaming water and boiled it . i 'm sure that some foods will steam in this pan , but items that lay flat like sliced vegetables will be a problem
this steamer was only useful to get the wrinkles out of clothes that had been really balled up... it gets them to a state where you can iron them more easily , but basically saturates with the steam so the fabric is damp . sure there is technique to learn , but i spent a good long time on several different items . it heats up quick and produces steam well etc , but it performed far below what i thought were reasonable expectations . it also has a low hanger so you constantly have to extend the hose to let the condensation run back down or else get gurgling and low output . i returned it , amazon was good about that , and the return shipping was less than what amazon charged me in the first place
sigh . was so excited to receive this item and it arrived today via ups in pieces . i should have heeded the previous reviewer 's warning . doh ! oh well . live and learn . live and learn . refund , please
how durable can a pan be that arrives in pieces inside the box ? i ca n't imagine breaking my old cast iron frying pan...this one had a huge chunk out of the side . i sent it back and will look for a better quality item . shame on mario for endorsing this thing
with 3 different speeds you think you would able to make a shake or smoothie in this machine with no problems right ? nope , i am always running into problems with ice getting stuck around the blade assembly , and i do mean stuck ! i have not had this blender for very long , and i really do n't use it very often either so there is no reason i should be told my blades are probably dull - its not like i was making a brick smoothie ! ahh.. also why does the lid stain so easily - i have never made anything that contains purple in my blender ans now my lid is permantly that color ! the best thing i can say about this is that it is heavy so it stays put , and the lid has a really tight seal which is not good if you have limited mobility in your hands . i have since purchased a differnt brand and have no problems ! looks the mixer is the only thing kitchenaid has perfected
after going thru several $ 20 dollar blenders in the last 10 years i decided to splurg and go for the kitchenaid . well it did n't last even as long as the cheap ones . the motor is still good , and the blades are still good , but they used a little plastic coupler between the two and it lost all it 's teeth one by one . we mainly like to make milkshakes and smoothies about 3 or 4 times a week .
i bought my first one about 14 months ago - it lasted about 8 months . motor made a high pitched sound and blew coffee all over . i dismantled the whole unit - it then worked for about 2 days . i called kitchenaid - ( they are right about no hassle warranty ) they quickly sent me out a new one . this new one lasted about 6 months - and now has the same symptoms . i really wish this was the grinder for me - i love the capacity for bean storage and love the way it looks - i have been forced to look at other grinders . hope this helps . by the way - i used grinders twice daily - in the morn and then in the evening - not like i was putting a whole lot of strain on them ! hope this help
i was happy with the performance of the strainer...easy to clean , fit well over the edges of pans , etc . but only a month after i received it , the handle snapped right off . i was draining a can of vegetables , so it does n't seem to me that was overdoing it . i 'll definitely check the fastenings on the next strainer i buy
i baked two batches of madelines side by side , one in this pan ( set on a baking sheet ) , and another in a traditional pan with non-stick coating . i brushed both pans with canola oil before using . as per the package instructions , i allowed the madelines in the silicon pan to cool completely before removing them . the madelines in the traditional pan released easily , were golden and high , and had a pronounced design . the other batch were almost soggy ( probably from cooling in the pan ) , flat , pale , and did not have the appearance of a madeline . to make matters worse , they did not release easily , and a few of them even broke as i attempted to remove them . i would not recommend this pan
we were so looking forward to fresh lemondade . the moment the salton arrived we opened the box , pulled out the lemons we had bought in anticipation and began juicing . on the 5'th lemon the gears stripped and the juicer no longer turned when applying even the slightest amount of pressure to the lemon . we were all very disappoined , my 5 kids and i : ( i had hoped for better after reading the great reviews written by some of the others .
i also tried some cotton wamsutta sheets from bed bath , and beyond and they pilled the first time i washed them . i was able to return them to the store , but it was a waste of time . i would n't recommend these sheets or any wamsutta sheets because i think they 're poor quality
these knives are already showing spots of rust despite washing by hand & drying . very disappointed in quality of finish
the blender looks very attractive but hardly works . quite a bit of time even crushing a tomato . hard to believ
this products is horrible . it burns the rice and the heat actually bend the insert so the lid would not fit anymore and after using it only a handful of times it stopped working . it is really terrible would give it zero but there is no option
do n't waste your money . i bought this because it was small and i wanted a rice cooker that would make 3 cups and take up less storage space than the bigger ones . it burns the rice every time no matter how much i adjust the water ratio . and brown rice - forget it , even more burned on the bottom . you have to watch it instead of being able to rely on it doing what it says it will do . it has yet to turn out 'perfect rice . '  if i could rate this a zero i would
bought it two months ago , used it only twice and suddenly it stopped working within a week . called manufacturer , got return label , sent in for replacement , but three weeks passed and i still have not received anything . so i called them on nov 17 , 2006 , and was told they do n't have this model in stock . the worst part is that they also said they do not know when it will be ever in stock , maybe tomorrow or may in a year . i wish i had tried to return it to amazon rather than called manufacture for return/replacement . do not buy this model ! ! ! and maybe we should not buy any breadman branded products at all since the customer service from manufacturer is astonishingly bad .
i was really looking forward to receiving this , but four weeks after purchasing online , i received an email from amazon saying they did not have a supplier for my purchase ! i am disappointed in amazon . how can you sell something you do not have
there is one huge problem with these sheets -- they are not permanently pressed . there is no way to get out the wrinkles , other than by ironing them . otherwise , they are fine . but who in the world wants wrinkled sheets ! you should be able to take them right out of the dryer and fold them with little or no wrinkles -- like your average sheet . these sheets are full of wrinkles and they look just terrible on the bed . i can not believe you are actually selling these things on-line
great price , poor product . they are beautiful upon arrival . i washed them according to manufacturer 's instructions . you would not believe the copius amounts of lint that piled up in the lint catcher of my dryer ( usually a sign of poor fabric quality ) . while folding them up , i discovered that most of the hems had unraveled and frayed . and i had n't even used them yet ! unbelievable . i returned them for a full refund , including shipping ( and i stupidly purchased 2 sets ) . goes to show you get what you pay for . never again
works if you have cold soda and it 's frozen . after 2 cans it 's done . yes you get two of the sleeves , but i 'm not pleased . better luck with a 99 cent foam coozi
this light is made of cheap plastic , has a faulty switch , and broke down within an hour of use . no good , waste of money , will not order from american science again . very bad experience . no response from company when i complained , would like my money back , and then some
the timer worked great at first , but in less than a month , the alarm for the timer has stopped working and the magnet has fallen off . i am only keeping the timer because the clock and the stopwatch are still useful
i was at first very excited with my new zyliss salad spinner - it looks great , and it 's much easier to spin than the older string-pull version ( not to mention the old-school " pump " versions , which required a lot of effort ) . however , as another reviewer mentions , it simply does not get your greens very dry . i 've been surprised and disappointed by the amount of water left on lettuce after spinning , and spinning , and spinning
pan was what was expected but the muffins do not come out looking like a mushroom . i was looking for a pan where the muffin top came over the muffin so you could break it off . it 's hard to explain .
the interior of this pan got discolored after the very first use . it got yellow stains from cooking tomatoes in a little bit of oil . a lot of scrubbing and a cycle in the dishwasher lightened the stains , but the pan never got its new look back
bought this grinder after my capresso grinder developed a crack in the plastic housing . after using for about two weeks , i have to agree with other reviews that mention " static problem " . the grinds cling to grinder and coffee end up all over the counter when trying to pour into coffee machine . the plastic cover also somewhat awkard to get on and off . i would not recommend this grinder
for years i used my mother 's cookie shooter to make my holiday spritz cookies . when i bought my first house i wanted my own cookie shooter . boy , i wish i had n't purchased this one . the first time i used it i thought , " it should n't be this hard to use or take this long ! " but i was using it correctly . the motor is so weak ! my biggest grip however is with the threaded rod that twists to push the dough out . the rod has an indentation all the way down , so when it 's twisting , it constantly skips back up and never eventually pushes the dough down the tube . if i do get a cookie out of it , it 's misshaped and took at least 30 seconds to get out . what a piece of junk !
i can not believe what a waste of money this thing was . huge disappointment . i was all excited when i got it , made some cookie press dough , put it in , and... nothing . the plunger pretty much spins in place . i could push the dough out manually faster than this thing can . i could n't even get one freakin ' cookie out of it , onto the cookie sheet . do n't buy this sorry excuse of plastic waste , and if you do , do n't say you were n't warned . i probably would have more constructive criticism , but # 1 this product is n't worth the effort , and # 2 i spent all effing evening saying to myself , " it ca n't be this bad . it must work somehow . " ummmm.. . nope ! ! ! !
i got the white color version and was happy about it but this one is half the goods/worth
we thought this was smaller than pictured and not comfortable . we were not pleased with this
i have had this pan for a year . i bought it because it was on sale and was shopping around for a new pot set . i figured it would be a good test run on the circulon brand . it grills great,but you will spend twice the cooking time cleaning the pan ! i could not imagine how much food would be left on this pan if someone without great eyesight cleaned it . you have to go along each crevice on both sides of the grill gooves to get the food out . it is very time consuming and tedious and just not worth it . i wonder if the calphalon pan is the same ? ? ? as far as the pot set i ended up buying-analon titanium 12 piece . highly reccomend it
while this was great to not scratch my non-stick pans , it melted while using it in an aluminum pan ! would not recommend
pros : the oven part works great . i like the fact that it is controlled by a timer , meaning that you can set somthing to cook for 20 minutes and then it turns itself off . for cooking things , the double rack is also handy , although you only get one pan ( luckily , i saved the pan from my old toaster oven ) . cons : the toaster part is horrible . this thing burns my toast every time , unless i watch it carefully and take it out at precisely the right time . part of the problem seems to be that the timer does n't work very well in small increments , and in some cases never turns itself off . also , the bottom rack is completely useless when toasting , so the fact that they are touting this as a 6-slice toaster oven is misleading .
the fan was great , with lots of breeze and circulation . it is loud , but who cared ? the problem is that it only lasted for about 3 months before it just quit working , along with a little puff of smoke . two weeks before the fatal puff , the fan arced , popped , sparked , and gave off a puff of smoke , but it still worked . two weeks after that it sparked and puffed and has not turned on since . i live in hawaii and it is currently in the rainy season . there has been a lot of humidity in the air during the last month , and i noticed that the back of the fan was actually getting rusty . i thought perhaps that moisture was the cause of the sparking so i was surprised to read in another review that the fan was good to use during heat and humidity ! the fan was sitting in front of the living room window and it kept the whole small 2 bedroom house cool . we miss it , but i ca n't keep buying a new fan every 3 months ! this is the first time ever that this has happened with a fan that i purchased . i have been living in hawaii for 13 years and have been through a lot of fans . one of the best-lasting fans i had was a $ 10.00 lasko box fan . it lasted and worked well for 7 years before it quit working
just bought this item this week , was very excited about using it for the first time . turned out to be a huge mess . the stove turned black right under the grill , it took like 20 min to clean it up , burned up mess . also there there is soo much smoke coming from the grill i had to shut off the smoke detector for a while . overall the food came out pretty good but the mess with the stove really upset me .
this product had the best reviews but the performance was not at all very good . i found it very awkward to roll the litter box . you still have to bend down and tip the litter box all the way over to get the clumps into the pull out tray . and that 's the clumps that are n't stuck in the litter filter piece , which gets easily clogged and is not really something i want to deal with cleaning . besides not all clumps going into the tray , lots of unused litter ended up in the tray as well . also , i bought the 'regular ' size one and the filter piece goes almost right in the middle of the space so the usable cat space was very small . needless to say i returned the litter box and was so glad to have the old fashioned scoop litter box
i own many kitchenaid appliances and love the brand . i even own a silicone muffin pan which i love . this pan , however , is terrible . the cake did not bake completely and i had a terrible time trying to get it out of the pan . ( yes , i sprayed the pan effectively . ) do not waste your money ! stick to the metal pans
this is a beautiful blue color , coordinates with my kitchen . however , i 'll bake my poundcakes in my old , reliable metal pans . i tried to use this a few times , spraying every nook and cranny with baker 's secret release spray . without fail , each time the cake stuck to the pan in a few places .
i loved the way the vortex digital heater heated and the way it kept cool to the touch . but within a week , the one i had started cutting off when it hit the set temperature and did not come back on . i was worried that it was overheating all the time and called vortex who told me i could send it in at my expense and pay $ 15 to fix it . i emailed my amazon seller ( louise at pinnacle packaging ) who was wonderful and paid to have it sent back to her , and is going to refund my money . i think i am going to buy another one only i am going to purchase it from a local store and make sure i can bring it back if the new one does the same thing . i guess i am a sucker but i really liked the way the thing worked when it worked correctly
good size , good color but way too stiff .i washed these 5 times with no change
i miss soy yogurts ! ! ! i 've been used to make soy yogurts in france . i 've bought this yogurt maker . i 've tried several times to make some but it never worked . i 've followed the recipe using plain soy milk and one plain yogurt . has anyone got a recipe for me ? i 'm allergic to lactose.. . thank you
bought this item last christmas for my wife . worked fine until this thanksgiving when rubber bulb split apart when basting turkey . she had complained when i bought this fancy one to replace her old ugly plastic one last year but i insisted this was better . boy am i in trouble now . old plastic one had lasted for 10 years and cost 1/10 as much . did not look like much but it did the job
and bit the dust . i use it once a year for 3 days . i 'm estimating it made coffee 10 times . now it wont brew anything but weak coffee . if you fill it to 55 cups it takes about an hour to brew . now it perks for 30 minutes and walla it makes the coffee weak . i was going to call faberware and noticed they charge 95 cents per minute . for what ? like the last guy said it 's an expensive way to make a cup of coffee . it 's a throwaway . so,this time i 'll buy the west bend for 35 bucks and when it stops working i 'll throw it away . at least i wont be thrwing away 150 bucks
i agree completely with the review by terry gruggen . as she said in her feb review , " the cutting arm is attached to this indestructible case by an all too flimsy piece of plastic . a little extra pressure on the arm and this plastic attachment shatters....leaving you with a $ 49 die cast paper weight . " despite its rugged looks , the appliance was a real disappointment
not incredibly impressed with it , but it does keep me warm for the price i paid .
the way specifications were mentioned it sounded a very good deal , and price comparision made it very promissing , but after getting the item i found item is a trash quality i have ever seen in my life . if someone give me a free item like this i wo n't take it . do n't fall for this deal . i am very disappointed with this item .
i ordered this thinking that i 'd save a bundle , and have a really nice comforter set . not ! the product description promised navy and sage , but it is black and sage . it is the cheapest looking comforter that i have ever seen . i sent mine back yesterday--i just ca n't let the seller get away with the totally inaccurate description and the deception in claiming that this product was originally $ 200 + dollars
after operating the petmate fresh flow cat fountain for a month my 2 cats wo n't go anywhere near it . very disappointing !
this has been used twice . the first time i used it , it made a great smoothie . i tried to use it this past independence day and the " pulse " stopped and started continuously . after a while , something smelled like it was burning . on the bottom , there appears to be lots of specks of metal . do n't think i 'll be buying a new one
i used this smoothie machine once , and it made a nice smoothie . the second time it locked up and i could smell something burning in the motor . i used the exact measurements for liquids and frozen fruit , so i 'm confident i did n't do anything wrong . i sent it back for a refund immediately .
we also bought the fcp12 after years of hearing from satisfied farberware users . unfortunately it only worked about three months until it also made lukewarm , tea - like coffee . i removed the bottom and wiggled the wires and it worked great for another month or so . after a few times of this monkey business , i contacted farberware and was told i had voided my warranty by removing a single nut from the base . the best they could offer was a refurbished unit at half price . shipping would be on me both directions as well , i told them i would not pay any price for another one of their products , based on our experience and their lack of any desire to acknowledge the widespread problem or help to fix it . i am going to try replacing the thermostat , as i like perked coffee , but i am not convinced it will last any longer , time will tell
i never got to use this item . i turned it on and for some reason the heat seemed transfered to the screws in the hinge . it just fell apart and started smoking . the hinge was very cheaply made . i would not buy this product again .
stainless-steel and die-cast aluminum construction promises performance , but the undersized electric motor limits this slicer to very light intermittent household use . the waring fs800 pro electric food slicer seems to have a barely adequate motor when brand new with a new sharp blade . just think how it will perform when the blade gets a little dull . this is definitely not a professional quality food slicer , it is only a light intermittent duty slicer at best
this liner is non-slip which is nice and even home made chocolate chip cookies dont stick but....it looks dirty and baking residue is sticking to it even after i have put it in the dishwasher . my other liner is a chef 's planet full size baking sheet non stick bakeliner and while it can slip a bit and dos n't have a " finished " edge it dose have the advantage of wipe-down clean up and it arrives in a large sheet that you custom cut to fit any baking sheet ( s ) you will be using it with . do n't buy this liner but do buy the non stick bakeliner from chef 's planet . it 's not as pretty but it works like a charm ! after years of buying expensive parchment paper i 'll never go back . also , it 's less wastfull to use a bake liner instead of disposable baking sheets or parchment paper
i thought the four 4.5 inch springform pans would be equivalent to one 9.0 inch springform pan . after all , the areas are equal , i.e . 4 * 2.25 * 2.25 * pi = = 4.5 * 4.5 * pi . i thought i could use the recipe for a 9-inch cheesecake and have 4 4.5-inch cheesecakes that tasted the same but were a more convenient size for giving as gifts . however , while the areas are the same , the volumes are not . the pans are not deep enough . while a 9-inch springform pan is 3 inches deep , these 4.5-inch springform pans are 1.5 inches deep . therefore , if you use the recipe for a 9 inch cheese cake , you have a lot of batter left over . if you half the recipe , you produce baked goods that taste something like cheesecake but not as dense or as moist or as rich . i was very disappointed in these pans . they may be good for something , but i do n't know what . they are well-made , so i wo n't throw them away , but right now i feel like they were a waste of money
i used my hoover agility for the first time and the suction quit after 5 minutes . i followed all the trouble shooting instructions and it still did n't work . i called hoover and spoke with a rep who was basically reading out of the manual . i sat on hold for 21 minutes only to hear a manager tell me that they can not give out technical information because it 's against their policy . i guess this is to ensure their hoover service centers get the business . i 'm returning the hoover and never purchasing a hoover again .
the cutting boards are not silicone but have a thin layer of silicone sprayed over one side of another plastic that is not heat resistant . i placed a hot pan on one and it melted onto the bottom of the pan which took a great deal of effort to clean the melted plastic off so the pan could be used again . i prefer a thick cutting board so i bought these thinking that they were heat resistant so i would n't purchase them again
i bought this back in 1999 , and i love the way it cooks chicken and salmon steaks , but it 's not built to last . first , after about 3 years , the tracks where the door slips onto the bottom broke off due to the screws being too tight , and then the 5th year , the knob broke off , so i have to use pliers to turn it on . it still cooks chicken great , but after trying to superglue the " feet " back on and the knob , they broke again right away . cleaning is a pain , and the non-stick stuff got scraped right off . the food tray that goes on top is hard to clean too . do n't try to cook burgers in the basket , because they shrink as the fat drips out , no matter how tight you make the basket , and they start sliding around and falling apart as they hit each other . cooking times were always longer than the cookbook says . i used the skewers once to cook some ribs , and they 're so flimsy , that they kept falling off the spit from the weight of the ribs . i still use it , but i would n't buy a 2nd one after reading all the reviews . i think i 'll try a george foreman one next time
i really liked this spatula in the beginning , but after just 6 months of very gentle use its head developed cracks and chipped .
after thoroughly checking toaster reviews and ratings ( this got top ratings ) , i had to return it after several attempts to get it to produce evenly toasted bread . very disappointing ; my old toastmaster ( much less expensive ) does better .
we have not been able to use the sheets because they are so stiff and rough . they are wrinkled and no matter how many times they are washed they do not soften . the pillowcases are too narrow for our regular size pillows which makes the pillows too high and hard to be comfortable . we are totally dissatisfied and thoroughly disappointed and will be returning them if for no other reason than to get them out of the house . we do like the color , though
i was so excited to buy these sheets as my husband and i have 600 thread count sheets that we love . these , i do not love so much . this is why : 1 . they are increadibly stiff . i washed them 5 times before my first use and even tried vinegar and salt washes to soften them- it did not work . they are , however , softening as we sleep on them . 2 . they are so wrinkley ! ! 3 . they barley fit the bed . the description says that is fits extra deep mattresses but it is a struggle to get them on my bed . i just read consumer reports and they recommend that you buy between 400-600 thread count , they contend more than that is unnecessary for a soft , nice sheet . my 600 thread count sheets are much more soft and have very few wrinkles . dont waste your money , buy something else
nice pattern , but you can not find the glasses that go with it
this breadmaker is not doing what i want . it is so touchy , you have to be very very precise to be able to cook a reasonable bread loaf . i am not satisfied with the product and will try to return it . also it works very noisy during dough process . look for something else if you want a breadmaker
i was very surprised at how large this grill was when it arrived ; way too large for my countertop at least ; it just seemed like more trouble than it was worth ; it seemed easier for me to just broil food in the oven frankly ; i mean the only thing you are going to get from using this grill is the grillmarks on your food ; nothing can duplicate the flavor of cooking on an outdoors grill ; the size turned me off as well as the inconvenience of using the product . it is one of those products that you will use once or twice and then it will end up lost somewhere in your cabinets
i bought this to simplify making fries , it was a disappointment . it takes a lot of effort to push through a potato , and when it does go through it most likely wo n't go straight . either save your money and use a knife , or spend more and get a mandoline
i found the following issues which put this purchase into the local landfill :  1 . ) once you get a successful potatoe to cut through , the ends of the fries are stuck in the thick grids . getting them out is a real pain , you need a lot of careful tugging and wiggling to remove them without breaking them . just a mess . 2 . ) if you are slightly off 90 degrees when you start pushing through the potatoe , you are in a very dangerous zone . think of a lot of force applied to sharp blades that is going in the wrong direction . 3 . ) maybe my set was off tolerance , but the blade would not stay in the housing by itself . i had to hold the blade in the housing and push it on the potatoe simulateously . not a big deal , but that for me sealed the 1-star rating . i guess the bottom line is , if you expect nothing out of it , you might use it , or if you are slicing something softer than potatoes . for me , i 've decided to get one of those vollcraft units . it 's on order
after cooking eggs this morning and having a layer of egg stuck to the whole pan , i 'm sad to say that my non-stick pan sticks . we 've had this pan for maybe 8 months and i just assumed that pans lasted for several years . we even bought this pan plus the 8 " for my mother-in-law for christmas . what a disappointment . better begin research on a new pan...and i 'll make sure to read the reviews .
when i first bought this pan i was replacing a pan from a moderately priced set from costco . that pan lasted about 3 years and i got my money 's worth . the positive review from america 's test kitchen is what pointed me in this direction . the farberware pan was a joy to use when i first bought it and i loved the even heat . all of the positive comments are accurate at first . the problem is it only lasted 3 months before it lost it 's nonstick properties almost completely . i never used spray on oil or subjected it to high heat . i was always very meticilous about the way i cleaned it and never touched the surface with anything but plastic . i even bought a special soft plastic cleaning brush so as to be very delicate with the surface . i have been using nonstick skillets since they first came out many years ago . with the exception of one ultra cheapo model i have never had a nonstick that had its nonstick go bad so quickly . of course i can send this back to farberware but it seems clear that if it has lost it 's nonstick properties they only have to say it was my fault . why waste $ 10 in shipping costs ? this is my last farberware product . after writing this first part of the review i thought it would only be fair to email farberware to let them respond . after doing some googling i have found that there is no email . it is also basically impossible to get someone on the phone . they sold their warranty service to a different company , all american lighting in berwick , pa. as it turns out this company gets terrible feedback for their service . if this is n't really farberware what exactly is their incentive to provide good service ? you can check on consumeraffairs dot com and other places and you 'll get an eyeful . buyer beware
after your pan starts sticking , you go to their web site to complain and you find .... a warning that you ca n't use high heat on this pan . they warn you if you use high heat or some sprays , the pan will then start to stick . yes , you 've just been ..... and you paid $ 40 for the privilege . imagine , a frying pan that does n't like heat . how much heat ? they do n't tell you . if your pan is sticking , then it must have been toooo much . buy at your own risk
if you are planning to purchase anything from getapc.com , the markeplace vendor selling this item , beware . i purchased the delonghi 5-quart mixer based on product description and customer reviews but found that it did not perform as expected . it froze up kneading a 2-loaf batch of whole grain bread . the design is beautiful and the mixer is probably good for non-artisan breads , but should you have any problems with it , you 'll have to stay on the vendor to get any kind of response . i am still waiting for a refund on the product after 2 weeks . the last message i got was that " it may take a bit longer . " so be sure this is what you want before you buy it . returning it is not easy . and getapc.com charges a $ 60 reshelving fee on top of the shipping you 'll have to pay to send it back . my markeplace experience has been very frustrating . i wo n't buy through the marketplace again . if amazon.com or getapc.com processes my refund in the next day or two , i 'll feel better and will edit my review , but for now , buyer beware
i purchased this product 4 years ago and have replaced the probe three times for about $ 7 each . the latest probe just malfunctioned . i really loved it at first...perfectly roasted chickens,loin roasts , and turkeys . oddly enough , the thermometer works great but the probe itself is n't designed to handle much time in the oven . if you like to roast your chickens in a hot 400 degree oven ,the probe will eventually stop working or will become completely unreliable . even at lower temperatures , the heat finally takes its ' toll...it just takes longer for it to happen . one would think that something designed to be left in the oven would be able to take the heat . i will buy yet another probe because when this thing is working , it is great . that is worth $ 7 a year for me....but not for everyone . per another reviewers advice , i am calling polder
this unit was a great addition until the probe went bad after only a few months . not recommended
when it worked it worked well . however , eight months into this -- and i only have used it maybe 6 or 8 times , it 's broken . i have not done anything to it , and one day the the display is just messed up . i can see a line here and there , but nothing else . replacing the battery did not help and polder 's website offers no information such as warranty information . it is defintely not worth $ 30
i bought this air cleaner in march of 03 and was pleased with the thing until it just stopped working in january 04 . there was no indication that anything was amiss , i was changing the pre-filters on the recommended schedule and then one morning nothing ; no lights , no sound , no activity . am sending it back to honeywell ( on my nickel according to their warranty policy ) . we will see how long the replacement lasts . i have read several reviews here that do n't give me much hope . amazon was nice , said i needed to contact honeywell directly but suggested i post a review
i was dissapointed that this item arrived broken and i needed to send it back for a refund
i purchased this as a christmas gift in early december . it did n't ship until february , which was okay . by then i liked the way it looked so much , i bought one for myself . they both arrived within a week of one another . both boards were treated with heated food grade oil and allowed to sit and soak it in . after wiping off the oil , my board had surface cracks , where the oil had pulled some of the glue out from between the bamboo pieces . within the first month of use , both boards developed cracks all the way through them . both boards were never soaked in water , but just wiped with a damp cloth . this board may be beautiful , but it quickly became unusable and a waste of money . now i 'm looking for a good hardwood cutting board . ( i 've already replaced the gift board with another . )  all in all , this fiasco of a cutting board has cost me around $ 150...and i have yet to replace my board
this item is priced wrong it is not in line with the other calphalon item
considering all the bells and whistles on the coffeemaker itself , ( all excessive , by the way ) the carafes have much to be desired . it seems as if they are made with spun sugar . extremely fragile , awkward handle and like a comment already listed , i too have replaced the carafe twice...making three so far . my krups carafe of 10 years is still intact . if they still made the filters , i would still be using that machine . the cuisinart coffee bean container is hard to clean , still maintains rancid oils and leaves an oil slick on the top of the coffee . the carafe is poor at best
purchased this , expecting better functionality . sure it does n't rust , but my $ 5 wustoff pealer works much better
this sharpener seemed to work well , but that was before i noticed it was putting chips in the edge of the knife
this chopper , if you can call it that , is terrible . i 've tried chopping all kinds of foods from veggies to fruit to nuts to cheese . i 've tried filling up the bowl , half full and barely anything at all . it does n't chop . plain and simple it just does n't chop the food . i 've had pieces of vegetables get stuck on the blade . then , i 'd have to stop and remove the piece and try again . it started to chop a little a couple of times , but then just stopped and the blade kept spinning while chopping nothing . it was horrible and i 've opted now for a bigger 7 cup kitchen aid or cuisinart processor based on reviews here . lesson learned , you get what you pay for
i was so excited at the prospect of having a 3-cup mini chopper . i thought it would be ideal for hummus , which i hate to scrape out of my blender . however , it was very disappointing . on either speed , it just seems to chop what is in the center , so the stuff on the inside stays on the inside and the outside stuff stays on the outside--unchopped . if i wanted to take the lid off every two seconds and move everything around , i 'd use the blender , no ? i nearly pureed some red pepper , trying to get it all chopped . i have a 2 cup mini chopper ( procter-silex , i think ) that is really much better at consistent chopping . i never had to take the top off of it . unfortunately , the bowl got warped in the dishwasher ( even though it claimed to be dishwasher safe ) and the lid does not fit tightly now , making an occasional mess with liquids and crumbs . still , even warped , i find myself using the old one instead of this new one--it is really that bad !
openning a dog food can is nearly impossible without at least 6 or 7 tries to get the blade to catch . i bought it ; i regret the purchase ; i threw it out . this really hurts the cuisinart image
dont plan on cutting anything you need a sharp knife for . other than that , it 's ok
this is a very nice small oven , but as a toaster it really drives me up the wall . as someone else said , three knobs to adjust just to make toast ! then you have to stand there and watch it and the toast still burns ! i will keep this to use as an oven , but tomorrow i am going out and buy a nice small toaster . and guess what it will not be an oster product . this is the last of their products i shall ever purchase . joh
ugly and cheap looking wife hated them now using as rags to wash the ca
these towels are very poor quality ! i guess i can use them to dry off my dogs . if you really want cheap almost see through towels these are the ones for you
the coating does not last - extremely poor durability . i 've been very careful with this pan , using only wood or plastic utensils and washing by hand only . did n't matter - within just a few uses , the coating flaked off and the edges on the underside are rusting . waste of money
i received two of these baking sheets for christmas last year ; by march , 1/3 of the teflon was gone in spots . by july , it was coming off in sheets when washed . these never went through the dishwasher ; always hand washed . i threw them away and purchased baker 's secret which seems to be satisfactory so far
i would never buy this product again . the finish came off almost immediately . do n't waste your money
i really loved this baking sheet when i first got it , so i was supremely disappointed when the nonstick coating began flaking off , essentially rendering it unusable . i may have gotten a bad batch or something . the product has a lifetime warantee and i do intend to send it back in , but wanted to let folks know about my experience
have been using the set for less than a month . rust has started to form on the knives just where the blades are fused to the handles - right at the seams . looks like rust starts from the inside of the handle . unless design is changed , do n't know how replacement knives will be any different . too bad since knives are sharp and set is designed beautifully
i bought these plates after i already had the rest of the matching dishes . i already knew that i was not pleased with them but had to complete my set of dishes and will have to tolerate them as long as they last . they are really sturdy and go with everything but they get the 'knife-marks ' - grey scratch marks from utensils scraping them . i imagine that there are white dishes out there somewhere that are not subject to this flaw , and if there are i hope to find them , but these are not them
i thought this was the answer to my crock-pot prayers ! i received it for christmas and was heart broken to realize that you can choose high for 4 or 6 hours or low for 8 or 10 hours . ( look at the product image enlarged ) most things i cook take 6 hours on low ! i occasionally have something that needs 8 hours but most of the time it is 6 to 7 hours . unfortunately , if it does n't do the time you need , it is completely useless . you would have to be home to turn it off or down . so i returned it and am making do with my select brands corningware programmable , ( it does n't do 6 hours on low either ) and a regular 3 quart . i just make it home in time or i do n't cook it
i found this sealer to be difficult to use . it is very difficult to get a good vacuum seal due to the clumsy method of putting the bags in a nozzle . extreme pressure is needed to hold down and lock the top in order to create the vacuum and seal the bag . if you let up on the pressure , the vacuum seal is broken . i returned mine and would never buy another rival sealer product again
i accidentally ruined my father 's old baking stone so i bought this on for him to replace it . everything sticks to it ! we thought maybe it just needed to be seasoned a bit before it stopped sticking . we 've had it for over a month and we use it at least four times a week and it continues to make a mess out of anything we bake on it . that 's not even the worst of it . it puts out a disgusting smell in the oven . just last night we used it and had to sit it in the garage and open up the entire house because we all had headaches and our eyes burned from whatever fumes it was releasing . i definitely do not recommend this item .
i thought that 1200 thread count meant really soft.....while these sheets are really thick , they feel like sand paper . if you 're looking for soft sheets , do n't buy these .
even though i cleaned the machine between each empty and fill , if i did not have white carpet i would not have known this machine leaks the dirty water back onto the carpet . i had to shampoo the carpet two more times to remove the extra spots left in the carpet . a second time with detergent to remove the spots and then immediately with a rinse only cycle . my second gripe is the clean and dirty water reservoirs are in the same small space . i had to change it out about every 10 minutes . the machine gets one star for the dual brushes which i think are a positive for this machine . unfortunately , that was not enough for me to keep it . it would have been cheaper for me to hire someone to come in and steam clean my carpet considering the fact i had to clean it three times and this carpet is in a low traffic area . i 've had a hoover for 8-10 years and will look to see what new machines hoover has on the market .
the v2 is one of the worst built appliances ever especially at about $ 250 . without exaggeration i have been back to the parts dealer about 10 times for replacement of the front suction piece ( breaks ) , a number of times for the clear water and soap dispenser assembly . it seems to fall apart , leak , and requires constant attention . i now have to go to have a repair of the brushes - they do n't rotate . and this is with use maybe once a month . frankly , i 'd be embarrassed to manufacture and sell a product with such miserable ( and expensive ) quality
these were sent instead of the black-handled set i ordered so i thought i would give them a try . they are listed as " dishwasher safe " , but evidently are not . brown stains ( rust ? ) appeared on the tops of all the handles . i cleaned them with silver polish , but the stains reappeared with subsequent washings . i have returned them and received a refund
i brought t-fal pans from my local sam 's club wearhouse , and initially , the pans worked great . this is my review after about 1.5 years of use :  1. the handle on the lid ( plastic ) broke after about a year . 2. the non stick coating began to crack from regular use in about about 6 month , and it got so bad that i tossed the pan out in about a year and half . 3. the handle broke twice on me and for both time i super glued them back on . on the third time , i just tossed them out and got an expensive anolon titanium non-stick set . 4. the pan is not made of aluminum and there are " hot / cold " spots on the pan . the hot / cold spot is caused by uneven distribution of heat . a good pan , generally with copper or aluminum core will evenly distribute heat . this pan does not . bottom line :  do not use this pan in the oven eventhough the instruction said up to 400 degrees . the handle will and did crack on me for 3 times with occasional oven use . the pan is thin , and does not distribute heat well . and the worst : the non-stick coating is a joke . i found out that it 's actually cheaper to get a expensive set and use it for like 10 years instead of getting a cheap set for a third of the price and replace it every 2 years or less . not recommended .
after very little use one of the glasses inner lining broke and is unusable
i liked the mug 's look , feel , & size . then i took a drink of java from this mug.. . i never could get a lip lock on this mug . the rim is very thin & very wide . it would always spill a couple of drops on my shirt . nissan mugs have what i call a " lip ledge " that prevents the " dribble " effect to which the bodum is prone . nissan mugs also have a much smaller diameter rim which also makes drinking from them less hazardous to my white shirts
this product did not even approach what was described . a bagutte pan needs to have a decent-sized curvature so a bagutte shape will be obtained . this pan would have produced a fairly flat loaf
i am really dissapointed with this bread machine ! i had a panasonic 1 lb . breadmaker which i loved--but wanted a machine with a bigger loaf capacity . never had any problems with the smaller panasonic , and received the oster 5838 fo christmas and have had nothing but bad experience--how many times do you have to experiment with the thing to get a good loaf of bread--like the panasonic , you should be able to follow the instructiona and get a good loaf of bread ! ! we also gave 2 of these for gifts --and really feel bad as they are a pain--all 3 are going back !
it 's just bad looking plastic . if you want expresso buy nespresso machine with capsules
well reviewed on amazon but this kettle is lacking . the copper does , indeed , boil water fast ; and that 's the job of a kettle , i admit . however , the button/trigger that opens the spout is too close to the steam and you 're forever guarding your fingers and shying away from the kettle . as you tilt the kettle to pour , you 're also tilting the steam nearer to your fingers . it 's uncomfortable at best and searing at worst . while you learn how to not get scalded , this kettle is always at least slightly irritating . there are better kettles around
my wife and i purchased the 40616 hamilton beach perculator at k-mart . after only 8 months of service the perculator would not keep the coffee hot--only luke warm.k-mart refused to do anything about the problem because they only warranty the coffee pot for 90 days . this should give you an idea of what k-mart thinks of the quality of the hamilton beach 40616 perculator.when i called hamilton beach customer no-service i was told to send in the cord from the coffee pot and a check for $ 9.95 and they would replace their defective equipment . the $ 9.95 is 25 % of the original price of the perculator so i will decline their offer . if their perculator only last for 8 months i do n't even want to pay the $ 9.95 to get a new one . i feel that it should have been replaced for free ! in their warranty booklet they tell you that the 40616 perculator has a limited 2-year warranty but that is only if you are willing to pay $ 9.95 to ship their defective equipment back to them . because of this experience with the hamilton beach 40616 coffee perculator i will never purchase any hamilton beach equipment in the future.i will also not purchase anything else from k-mart
i feel it was an unlucky day when i bought this pot . as careful as i tried to be , it was extremely difficult to tell if i had correctly placed the stem ( with basket ) in the pit . it had to be by " feel , " and half the time it was apparently a hair 's breadth off and would not perk . or it would perk enough so that the light went on but that the coffee grounds were hardly wet . it was also difficult to correctly jam the plug into the pot . a hair 's breadth off and again it would n't perk . so each day became a guessing game as to whether today would be the day i got real coffee instead of cold water or damp coffee grounds . i am returning to my old friend , the farberware fc280 . it may or may not last more than a year but at least i can depend on it
not much to say about this item it sucks . very thin and cheap made . does not seal at all and does not keep the bread freah this is the worst product i have every got from amazon .
i agree with the previous reviewers . the style is quite sleek and the ceramic , earthen material eliminates the metallic taste of the water . however , the handle is a huge problem and you have to be extremely careful when pouring the pot . i made a hot of tea only filling 1/2 way full and put pouring it the handle can apart from the kettle and smash went the kettle , leaving me standing with only the handle in my hand . thankfully i was pouring this over the sink or i would 've suffered quite a burn . buyer beware
why would anyone want pots that ca n't be used on high heat , ca n't be washed in the dishwasher or ca n't be scoured for fear of removing their anodized finish . my calphalon professional pots were very expensive and it makes me sick that they have preformed so poorly . i have noticed that many of the positive reviews were by people who have n't owned these pots for long  i am a real cook and use my pots several times a day , i need them to work , not just look good and this cookware is ridiculously tempermental . after leaving them on the heat too long , just once , they warp . food sticks easily to them and they are very hard to clean because you ca n't use steelwool or abrasive pads . after a guest put one in a dishwasher by mistake , the pot finish was ruined , and i had aluminum coming off on my food . i am someone who takes good care of my things , and it is impossible to clean these well without removing the finish . i had taken some comfort in the " lifetime " warantee , i tried to return them , but the warantee , like this cookware is absolutely useless
i just received this knife yesterday &amp ; am sending it back for a refund . upon first use , the forked metal tip broke off when i was chopping tomatoes for a salad . it took me a few moments to notice the lost tip ( as it had ended up in the salad i was preparing . ) could have been very dangerous to swallow a sharp metal tip ! the knife itself is flimsy , ca n't imagine that it could cut a bagel very well
i folowed the instructions and found that the coffee was very weak so i experimented with differint grinds and filter no filter . i found not useing the paper filter and grinding the coffee expresso and stoping the water when it starts to look pale makes a med . strong cup . a lot of work for a decent cup . i still think that my old krups drip makes a great cup . i will keep trying other alternets to the pods becous there very expensive . i am waiting for some one to start manufacturing a home pod maker . that you can fill & seel at home
i have had the blue ecopods for well over a year now . ilove the taste of the coffee and it does give a fair amount of foam but hard to clean . i saw the presto mypod and leaped to try it . the coffee overfills the cup making it too weak and no room for creamer . there is absolutely no foam . i got hooked on the senseo foam . we will use it in a pinch but only on the 1 cup setting with 1 1/2 scoops
i thought that this would actually be something that i would need when i registered for this for my wedding . but this is more of a toy for the kitchen than something that you will actually use . sure kids might like to use it when they cook , but in all the time that i have owned one , i have only used it once . its more of a hassle because you have to clean it out afterwards . you are better off without it
it may work o.k . for melons , but the handle is extremely uncomfortable and ackward to grip when attempting to scoop ice cream . in addition , the shape of the scoop bowl makes it difficult to get a full scoop of ice cream
i bought this coffee maker to match my kitchenaid blender and coffee gridner . the coffee maker is attractive but works terribly . if you make more than 1 or 2 cups it overflows hot coffee onto the counter top . there is almost always grounds in the coffee too . when i called kitchenaid customer service they said they made a revision to fix the problems and sent me another one . it has the same problems . this is not user error i have tried different coffees , grinds , and positioning the carafe differently . this coffee maker is just a distrastrous design mistake . finally i got kitchenaid to buy the coffee maker back and got a cuisinart one . it works perfectly , costs less , and has more features . i would recommend cuisinart and highly recommend that you do not buy this shoddy coffee maker - you will regret it .
i have several other kitchen aid appliances and they are all great - solid , hefty machines that do superior work , the type of items kitchen aid has built a reputation on . so that is why i bought this coffee maker ( actually i have the previous model before this " update " ) . boy , howdy ! was i blind-sighted ! the quality of the housing is no better than a mr. coffee for 1/4 the price , and i too , have experienced the leaking problems like other reviewers have noted . and on mine , the spring that keeps the shut off unit down while you take the pot off the machine to have that first cup while it is still brewing - well , it decided to not do it 's job only after about a month of owning it . the unit leaks coffee as if that is what it was designed to do . hey , kitchen aid engineers - do you read these amazon reviews ? if you do , then go back to the drawing board and make a coffee maker that is in line with your other products ! and give those of us that bought your previous junk a full credit trade in to upgrade to it once it is available ! how hard is it to make a good coffee maker ? my grandma 's early 70 's mr. coffee is still perking strong - what an embarassment to kitchen aid . nuff ' said
i got this on sale from targets for $ 35 . eagerly i plugged in the unit , turned the variable dial to maximum steam , and increased the digital dial to 7 . and then i waited , and waited , and waited , for 10 minutes . the iron never warmed up , let alone hot enough to iron anything . i ca n't say this is a bad product , but surely i got a non-working unit
this iron worked splendidly for over year before almost catching on fire while i was using it . i was pressing a shirt when suddenly the led display on the iron shut off and started beeping repeatedly . i smelled smoke and the handle was hot to the touch . i lifted the iron off my shirt to discover a dark scorch mark on my brand new shirt ! i do not recommend this iron -- you risk burning your clothes
both pads " burned " on the backside the first time i used them . they are still serviceable , but the " burned " areas are hard . they were used in a normal kitchen--no blow torches
be careful to buy products from compact appliance . they will not be responsible if the product is defective from the manufacturer . there is no return . you better think more than twice before you buy from compact appliance . they have the worst customer service including the manufacturer edgestar . i agreed completely with the previous customer review that it is hard to get in touch with edgestar customer service , which has the worst product i ever bought .
box arrived damaged . opened product , scratched on front , dirty on the inside . after i cleaned it up it worked great for a week then " poof " . no power at all . thought i may have ran it too much so i left it unplugged for 24 hours then plugged it back in and nothing . additionally customer service for edgestar is terrible . i have left 10 voicemails and sent approx 14 e-mails back and forth with their customer service ( haha ) reps and still have made zero progress . buy with caution
i ordered this cake plate and dome for my mother , shortly before thanksgiving of 2002 . the first time it arrived , after 3 weeks , it was in about 1,000 pieces . the ups driver realized that upon delivery and returned the item . when it was sent the second time , which was n't until around christmas , it arrived with the handle to the dome broken off . so , long story short , no cake plate for mom ! amazon.com should really examine how they pack items like this
i wanted to like this toaster . it looks nice , seems sturdy enough , and stays cool to the touch . but it toasts poorly . one side of the bread toasts more than the other . so i have to pop up the toast 1/2 way through and turn it over . and now the pop up mechanism is n't working well
if you prefer having bread that is toasted on both sides look elsewhere for a toaster . even when it is not on the bagel " setting " it does not do any more than barely warm one side of bread . in addition if you are looking for a blue toaster ( how i wound up with this one despite the warnings about its inefficiency ) do n't buy this one--it looks nothing like the picture on the internet . it is purple , so not only does it perform poorly it looks terrible in my blue/gray kitchen . i expected more from a kitchenaid product and if i could return a used toaster ( albeit only 3 times ) i certainly would .
as soon as i opened it and tried to remove the lid for cleaning , it broke ! no instructions provided on how to remove , replace the removable parts
i finally gave up after trying three of the hunter fans and got my money back . even on the lowest speed , this thing rattles , shakes , and groans . i own five hunter ceiling fans , which are great . this fan does n't deserve the hunter nameplate
i like the cookware . solid as calphalon always is , if you follow the link on the bonus item , it shows a 1-2 day availability . today is dec 26 , ordered on nov 9 . still waiting for the bonus .
i had older 500 thread count sheets that were better , lighter , smoother . these feel like 200 thread count sheets . complete waste of money
this fork thermometer would have been great if it had lasted more than 3 usages . no way to notify the manufacturer to find out " why " the fork quit working . it 's still useful as a meat fork , but not as a thermometer . very disappointing and a bit expensive to be used only as a fork .
i bought t-fal 's top of the line avantis iron even though i only have light ironing to do . it broke in less than a year - losing heat completely . t-fal would not stand behind it . i wrote to them several times . they insisted on the original sales receipt despite the fact i had the charge on my american express bill . they had no technical advise either . read other amazon reviews on their products breakdowns ! i 've paid half as much for irons that lasted for years . avoid this turkey and this company . i 'll never buy another t-fal product and neither should you
a normal coffee maker requires a quick rinse ; this machine requires a wash , rinse and a thorough drying of the grinding unit . you ca n't just rinse the grinding unit because the fine coffee grounds need to be washed out . if it was n't for the fact that we spent nearly $ 100 for this unit , i would throw it away . save your money - do n't buy it
a friend bought a food saver by tilia and told me that it would be wonderful for storing my bulk shopping in the freezer . i saved for it and got it . i used it a total of 10 times and not for long periods of time and it literally died . i sent it back to the factory asking for a refund and they refused and sent me a refurbished one in return - they will not refund your money on the poor quality items they sell . just be careful and do not let this happen to you - tilia looks much better on tv than it performs in real life .
the top portion of the freezer works great . the bottom drawer portion sounded great - no more digging to see what 's at the bottom . the reality is that the bottom drawer is only useful as overflow from my refrigerator . i do n't put anything in that part that i 'm not willing to store at regular refrigerator temperatures . it 's a disappoinment
the product is an average product , do not think it is a top seller , another retailer has the same item cheaper.. the delivery and customer service is the wrost i have ever experienced.... would not order this item again with the poor delivery .
the holes are really small . this grater is suitable for hard cheeses like romano , but forget using it for a softer cheese like cheddar .
this product simply does not work . the vacuum is so weak that it does not preserve the wine , even for a day . i have used a vacuvin for many years and it is a far superior product at a far lower cost . we bought this item because it appeared to be easier to pump than the vacuvin -- and it is . the reason : it does n't preserve the wine . i am seeking a return and refund , either through amazon or metrokane
i honestly liked the blender a lot . i received it as a gift and it matched the rest of my kitchen 's kitchenaid appliances-- range , refrigerator , dishwasher , pretty much everything other than the toaster oven . at the time , there could be no better blender . it looked great . it promised professional performance . it had kitchenaid 's brand and durability behind it . i use my blender for making tomato sauce and the occasional fruit smoothie . there is some amount of ice crushing required , but that should n't be an issue . i certainly was not a weekly let alone a daily user . so , 3 years after i got the blender , i went to turn it on and it is completely dead-- no light on the on button . changed outlets and still nothing . it 's done . what an incredible dissappointment . but , it seems to me that the kitchenaid brand has really taken an awful turn since it was acquired by whirlpool ( ? ) . first , my dishwasher broke ( 3 repair jobs ) then my stand mixer 's seals are loose . i called customer service about trying to buy a replacement thermometer for my range and after endless re-routing , i got no where . the fridge has minor issues ( loose rails , pieces not refitting ) and is probably the best of the lot . i did some research . apparently , kitchenaid is just licensing its name out on various products . so , realistically , there is no such thing as kitchenaid quality anymore since they do n't make much of anything . everything is just a re-branded product . whirlpool is going to milk the brand premium until its reputation catches up to it . from a once kitchenaid loyalist , avoid this product-- yes it 's beautiful but it 's not going to last . avoid all kitchenaid products because they really are not what they once were
mine broke and started smoking while i was making hummus ( not even something tougher like ice ) . kitchenaid wo n't fix it . there are many much cheaper but nicer ones on the market
i find that such a well-known brand would have a longer warranty than 12 months . my blender broke ( it was the " coupler " ) after about 18 months of use . i emailed ka about it and all they did was give me two repair shops where i could pay to have it fixed . both repair shops are more than one hour away . they also offered me [ ... ] off a " refurbished " blender . gee...what service . you 'd think they 'd at least work with me since the blender was n't even 2 years old . for [ ... ] i went out and bought a cuisinart and that comes with a 3 year warranty . ka blender was not worth my [ ... ] . it never blended fruit all the way , either ; it always left chunks of bananas
my husband sweats a lot at night and i thought this would stop the problem . it did n't at all . it does n't seems like it does anything for me either . it just feels like a normal mattress pad . not exactly worth the price for a normal mattress pad
i just purchased a glass top stove and bought this because of the protective bottom . however , after using it several times , i would choose a different grill because of the following reasons : # 1 the spatter mess - there is virutally no way to prevent splatter when using this pan creating an unneccessary amount of post-cooking clean-up . # 2 there is no option of purchasing a lid # 3 the pan itself has an odd rectangular shape that does not fit on one burner or two for that matter . thus , somewhere while cooking you have a cool spot
we 've had 3 sets in just over 1-1/2 years . return policy is great but it 's a hassle . ca n't oneida make silverware that does n't rust ? i 'm going to try a different brand
i have numerous le creuset items , and this has to be the worst one . everything sticks to the finish . salsbury steak turns out horrible ( ca n't make gravy ) , breakfast sausage patties become ground sausage pieces due to the sticking . and , like mentioned in an earlier post , it is hard to clean . beware this new finish , ( they have it on their grill pans also ) it is not up to par
i 'm a huge fan of le cruest 's products and own a few well chosen pieces . having said that , this new satin finish is a disappointment . i was given this a gift a year ago and was thrilled - until i used it . i really wish they 'd go back to their original smooth enamel finish . this must be an attempt to produce an interior more durable for using metal utensils with . an attempt that in my opinion is a failure . things ( like eggs and hamburgers ) stick to this finish . you have to use a lot more fat to prevent sticking . it 's hard to get clean , takes quite a bit of scrubbing even after soaking . it does n't give the finish to grilled meats , etc that i want from a fry pan . forget deglazing it to make a sauce . i find my all clad 9 inch skillet to be a superior performer to this one . since this is a 9 inch skillet , i have n't used it to saute onions , etc. , so i ca n't say how it performs with these items . i do use it to make cornbread and to roast small portions of meats or veg in the oven , with good results ( as long as i 'm not going to use the browned bits to make a sauce ) . this to me though , is not enough uses to justify buying it .
door advance feature broke after several weeks . lower heating element broke after six months . customer service refused to stand behind the product , stating that the warranty was expired . note to buyer- warranty is one year from time of manufacture- not the date you actually receive it as a gift or purchase it . the knobs on the unit are like a child 's toy- cheap and plastic . this is a highly disappointing product- i doubt we will buy another delonghi product again
the second one came today . it is also dead on arrival . do not bother with this one
i , too , own several kitchenaid products and have been delighted with previous products . when i needed a new coffee maker , i decided to switch brands to kitchenaid based on prior history with the company . however , this is the worst coffee maker i 've ever owned , including cheaper models . i 'm now on my second coffee pot after kitchenaid sent me a new one when the one i ordered failed . while the company has been more than understanding , i hesitate to call again because i do n't even want another one . getting my money back should n't lie with the hands of the seller i purchased it from . here 's the problem . after a week of use , the water and grounds kept spilling over and coffee was not draining into the pot , saturating the electric plate and my kitchen floor . when i could get it just right ( standing there holding the carafe in place ) , the coffee tasted burnt . i thought i had a defective product , but the new one is starting to do the same thing . the carafe does not stay in place and slides forward when placed on the electric plate ( until there is enough coffee dispensed . the coffee carafe is supposed to push ( when it 's in the right place ) on the plastic piece that releases the coffee . it 's a design problem . it 's definitely cheaply made . i have to stand next to my coffee maker as it 's brewing to make sure the coffee is dripping . believe me , i would n't have bothered writing this if i did n't think it might save someone else the headaches . buy something else ! it 's not worth the hassle .
i 'm usually a big fan of kitchenaid appliances and i own a proline coffee grinder , which is excellent . but , i could not get a good full-flavored cup of coffeee out of this machine . i usually brew 4 cups at a time . they have a setting for 1-4 cups , but the coffeee still turned out slightly weak and slightly bitter . i returned it and will try something else
i love kitchenaid products , but this one failed miserably ! ! the taste of the coffee is excellent , but there were grounds and coffee everywhere . the pause n serve feature works as it brews ! ! i do n't think that was the intention though . when i called the company the not so brilliant guy told me that they hear this all the time on this model and that you just have to push the coffee maker in far enough so that the pause n serve feature is n't activated...well , unless we put a heavy ceramic bowl in front of the carafe to hold the pot in place we have coffee soup all over our counter and floor . my husband and i love coffee and we like it strong ! we feel coffee is very important to survival in our home as we have 5 kids and this helps us stay alive and energetic for the 48 hours a day we care for them ! ! my strong advice...do n't but this model . though kitchenaid is a great product and i have never had problems with any of their other lines , this one should be junked ! we are returning ours !
the salesclerk told us that because of previous model recalls , that the new kitchenaid was sure to be a huge improvement , especially with it 's price tag . we 've tried 2 models and both had problems with error messages . the manual 's suggestions do nothing to eliminate this . also , we 've had the same trouble with coffee spewing out . for the price tag , this is a seriously disappointing coffee maker . we finally took it back and are on the look out for a better quality model ( not kitchenaid ) . oddly enough , our other kitchenaid appliances ( range and fridge ) have also had electronic problems . i wonder what the quality control is on the parts that are being cheaply manufactured , no doubt , in some overseas location . i would n't recommend kitchenaid to anyone , regardless of the nice styling and supposed high-quality .
ordered it in october , now it 's january 8th ! i give up
this krups espresso maker leaves water and steam all over the counter every time it is used . i think the " built in safety " features are to blame . the finer the grind , the more water leaked out . keep in mind that fine grinds are recommended for espresso and cappuccino . using a coarse grind , which is usually only used for cowboy coffee out on the trail or french press machines , i still get quite a bit of leakage . using finer grinds produces more and more leakage leaving only about half a carafe of extremely strong espresso which is indeed more like cowboy or french press coffees . -i enjoy cowboy coffee but would prefer espresso from my espresso machine plus i hate all the mess . the krups machine i had fifteen years ago worked well but this machine sucks big time . if you do n't want to fork over a lot of bucks for a " real " espresso maker , try a mr coffee espresso machine . mine , which i use when i travel , cost less than twenty dollars and does not leak . in the meantime i have ordered a lello 45900 ariete espresso/cappuccino maker to replace the krups . -i 'll keep you postsed . billy bat
i jumped on purchasing this machine when i saw it . i was tired of storing beans in the freezer . i put 4 aa batteries in it and a pound of beans , closed the lid and the sucking sound started...and it kept going , and kept going , and kept going . i started looking for places to store it so that it would n't wake me up at night or disturb me with it 's annoying hum first thing in the morning . but i did n't have to worry , but the next morning the batteries were dead . i replaced them and within 24 hours they were all dead again ! there is no place to plug it in so you 're stuck with using batteries . i 'm going to try buying rechargables but i do n't know how long i 'm going to want to keep this replacement going ! ! p.s . i found it interesting that after i post my negative review three 5 star reviews appear from people who have no review history and none of them address the battery issue . sur la table , is sending me a new unit but told me that they received an identical complaint about the battery life . be wary . i 'll try to update you
i have two roomba 's , after one year of good operation they have been having battery problems . one roomba was returned for refurbishment . they have good customer service , if you pursue them . the newly returned roomba still has battery problems . the housekeeper which was very excited when i bought the roomba now uses the vacuum cleaner .
amazon took over a month in shipping me this roomba battery . it works ok. also the list price is too high on this amazon site .
what a shame that this appliance fails at its sole purpose in life . let 's hope there 's a support group for mediocre toasters
recommended : no . the product is not very durable   good things : all in all , this caddy is great because it 's versatile . it 's huge and tall enough so a 12.5 " round cake that 's about 5 inches high can fit in easily . the locking mechanism is also pretty neat . there 's 3 of them so it makes it very easy to carry without any fuss of the cake dropping on the floor . the handle of the carrier also gives a comfortable grip . carrier is also see through so you 'll notice if the decorations have been messed up during the transporting process . not so good things : not very durable . locking mechanism that holds the base of the carrier may crack making it non portable . this product is susceptible to breakage perhaps because certain stores just have had these items on their shelf for a long time-- that 's only my assumption . plastic should not crack unless it 's placed in extreme temperatures or is abused . should the temperature in the fridge crack a plastic ? very unlikely do n't you think ? the price is also far cry compared to other products sold by discount stores ( i.e linens../wlmrt . other carriers are sold from $ 4- $ 9 . the height is good but it can be problematic when storing it in the fridge , but are n't all cakes difficult to store regardless ? in terms of cleaning the base , you 'll need a brush to really get the bottom cleaned up
a well made no frills percolator . it packs well,is quite simple to use and makes a great cup of coffee . the ideal coffee pot for camping or outdoor use . a superior product compared to the many flimsy coffee pots made for campers
i would have given this no stars but it wo n't let me . this non-stick griddle has more things stick to it than tape . it is simply the worst product i have purchased in a long time . i have this " non-stick " griddle for just about a month and it is ready for the trash . the non-stick is coming up on the flat end and the griddle is worthless , it ripped my chicken cutlets to shreds . do n't buy it ! ! ! if you read this and still buy it may you have three horrible meals like i did before it met the old trash can
fyi , those of you with square burners will not like this one . it is not stable because of the design , which is clearly meant for round burners .
the sheets arrived soft and after washing stayed colorfast but shrunk . they were difficult to get on the mattress
after one wash the fitted sheet shrank and color leeched onto it so it has grey splotches in places . we do n't even have a deep mattress but now the bare mattress shows on the sides . it 'll have to go in our next garage sale .
i purchased this about 1 year ago and it 's only taking up space in my house . it has very poor suction on carpeting . works o.k . on hardwood floors but then again most of these will . i expected better force . the small openning may look " cool " but it does n't allow for wide enough sweeping area and i find myself going over the same area again and again . also , the charging holder is a little harder to place the unit in . i would consider look at others first
the convenience tempted me to try this for $ 20 at my local grocery . poorly executed & constructed , the pods were too expensive & bland . will be donating this to charity
the coffee maker was working fine as long as i was using the presto mypods with no filter in them. .  then , i tried using some pods in the regular pod holder . coffee all over the counter every time. . i suspect that using the pods created back pressure that ruptured something internally . based on the fact then when used as intended it fails miserably , i would have to say that it is an example of shoddy engineering. . junk , garbage , crud  btw - if yours is working , i found that the secret to decent tasting coffee was to wash the pod holder ( the presto mypod ) with soap and water every time and throw the pod holders in the dishwasher once in a while . i guess they let some three year olds design the thing on a 'take your kids to work ' day .
i am on my third machine now , and it too is leaking . dont get me wrong , the coffee tastes really good , always fresh . but after a while the machine starts to leak when you are making a cup of coffee . i guess the machine only cost 25 bucks now , so if you dont mind only using it for a month it is a great buy
i bought this cookie press to make my favorite christmas cookies-spritz . i got the dough into the gun , squeezed the handle , kept squeezing the handle , and nothing . the mechanism that was supposed to push the dough out thru the disk kept slipping , and hence , no cookies . it was very frustrating , having everything ready to make the cookies , but with no way to properly form them . i would not recommend this cookie press
this is a disapointment for me . i ordered these sheets in white , and recieved ivory . ( unlike other reviewers i am not talking about a tinge of ivory , my package said ivory instead of white . ) i would return these sheets , but they are a gift for my mother , and since they took so long to ship , i wo n't have time to get her anything else ! i have never had a bad experience with amazon products , some of the third party sellers could be better , but usually amazon it 's self is pretty good . not in this case ! the sheets do feel nice , and hopefully they work out for my mother , but i am keeping my paperwork and packaging just incase she runs into any problems ! buyer beware : $ 200 dollar sheets for $ 30 is too good to be true
we purchased the george foreman 8 in 1 with the thought we would get the toaster oven we needed and some other features that would be nice to have . the 8 in 1 does have alot of neat features , the issue is it does n't do any of the features very well . the toaster feature takes about 2 times as long to toast as a smaller , more conventional toaster oven . the rotisserie is difficult to use and the grease catcher woefully inadequate . we found out the hard way when we had chicken grease overflow out of the grill and onto the counter . i can see this being a very good item for those with very small kitchens and in need of saving space , however , be warned that this oven has many shortcomings
fiesta scarlet is a beautiful color and the sugar and creamer with tray is really great . mine arrived broken and i had difficulty returning it so i remain disappointed and unwilling to try again .
definitely not up to typical cuisinart standards . while the roaster is a nicely polished stainless which makes for easy cleanup , it 's relatively thin . in a 400 degree oven , the pan actually bows . look elsewhere for your roaster
i do n't know what the other reviewers of this blender are blending...but this blender is junk . i have tried twice to make smoothies with it and this blender can not do the job . all of the ingredients just sit there while the only part of the mix being blended is at the very bottom . so , you have to keep stirring and stirring and stirring the mixture to get it all incorporated . and then try adding the crushed ice . this blender is going back . if you need a blender to make smoothies , this is not the model to buy
we purchased a delonghi toaster oven and both the toaster and oven functions stopped working right after the one year warranty expired . we barely used this product . when contacting customer service we were told that there were no replacement parts available for our model and there was nothing we could do and nothing they would do for us . my $ 20 toastmaster lasted more than 15 years ! this is the lsat time i buy a toaster based on appearance
i received the delonghi xr640 toaster oven and was disappointed to find it unuseable . the wire rack inside was such a tight fit , it took 2 hands to pull it out ! after a few times doing this , the enamel finish was starting to come off , which would soon result in rusting metal . i never turned it on , just returned it immediately .
i 've been happy with many other kitchenaid products , but this one is pure junk . the pasta roller attachment that kitchenaid also offers is great , but the width of it is so close to the size of this ravioli press , that the edges of the ravioli barely have enough dough to seal - and many of them pop open . it 's worth noting that although this does in fact attach to a standing mixer , it does not use the mixer 's motor . you have to manually turn the crank with your hand . i returned this piece of junk , and bought the villaware v5500 10-square ravioli maker for $ 18 . save yourself some money and do the same
firstly this set arrived with the small lid broken . amazon of course sent a replacement set but then the large lid was broken on that one . i now have my full set however it feels kind of thin and fragile . it 's an ok buy but when the time comes to replace them i 'll be looking for something a bit more durable
while the combined grinding and making of the coffee in one unit is a great idea , the mess that it created was a pain to clean up each day . the grounds would get caked in on all three removal parts and each part needed to be cleaned before using again . i had the product three months and it quit working . the good thing is that when we call cuisinart 's 800 number , they told us to just return the item to the store that we purchased it at and we got our money back .
i think it is almost a great idea ! it would be super if made of glass . i do n't want to be concerned with material for which i use it ! i would buy a couple if made of glass , otherwise not
for approximately six months i owned this knife . i used it everyday as it far outshined my other henkel chefs knife in balance , cutting efficiency and need for regular sharpening . until a few weeks ago when i was peeling a clove of garlic with the knife . lo and behold...i know have a two inch blade attached to the handle and five inches of steel sitting on the countertop . i am currently looking for other brands of this knife style as i was unhappy with the manufactures complete lack of response regarding my complaint
every time i use the pan is twists as soon as it gets hot . it makes it very difficult to cook on and to move in and out of the oven . the non stick surface comes off very easily too . for the money i expected better ! !
i completely agree with the other reviewers . this product is so bad . it warps under the heat , the not-so-non-stick surface peels , and food sticks like glue
i have used the steamer once , and was disappointed at how long it took . the steam comes out weakly and splattered water on the garment several times . i was just trying to take the store creases out of a new pair of lightweight cotton trousers , and it took a lot of going over to get it done . i used to have a small hand steamer that put out a real blast of steam and worked much faster . this one will probably work on heavier material like drapes , but it will take a very long time . i would n't buy it if you plan to use it for anything other than very delicate items , and it seems like a lot of equipment to lug out for that job . a hand unit makes more sense to me , and you would n't have to maneuver that long hose . this is just one more large thing to store . i wish i could return it to wal-mart , but will probably give it away and buy something that is easier to use
i hate to iron and despise the cost of dry cleaning...so , i was really excited when i saw this steamer at cvs . it was reasonably priced and sounded wonderful . i was bragging about how much i loved this steamer after using it just once ! it was easy and fast....then , the second time i used it---water everywhere ! water started to spit and spray out of the ( sealed and closed ) base of the steamer . i had turned the top to the locked position...but , the black rubber ring ( supposed to keep the thing sealed ? ) was all twisted up---explaining why it was n't working . well , i fixed that rubber thing back into place , but it still kept spraying boiling water . so , right now it 's sitting in the corner waiting to be thrown out . i 'm very frustrated with this product , but love the way that clothes steamers work . it looks like i 'm going to have to bite the bullet and buy an expensive one . but , how expensive should these things be ? all they do is boil water and shoot it out of a nozzle , right ? this product is a waste of time and money...i ca n't believe that there were any good reviews .
i am a trained research assistant ; therefore , i try to research products before i purchase them . in the case of this purchase , i saw the item during an early bird sale at kohls , so i grabbed it . i owned a professional steamer that was purchased at a store that was going out of buisness , but it is really bulky , so i thought that the compact steamer would be a great choice . on the contrary , it was a big waste of time trying to dewrinkle a blouse , and although it was on sale , it was a waste of money . the problems i had were :  1 . the cord is too short : directions instruct user to hang nozzle on the door hook which hangs over the top of any door . the nozzle would not reach to the top of the door , and i live in a mobile home , so it is not like i have the tallest doors in a home . 2 . the most important thing in steaming a garment , for me , is to avoid the garment getting wet . i did not fill the steamer to the maximum line , because i know from past experience that this could sometime cause the spitting affect . after 2 minutes of waiting for the steam , i began to try it out on a silk blouse , and what a big mistake i made . the water spat out on the material . i thought that i should not hold the nozzle so close , but it did not matter , because water continued to spit out on the blouse . 3 . the steam pressure would not dewrinkle the blouse . the is not a case where the material was so hard to dewrinkle ; it is silk , not that hard of a material . i have read other reviews , and if this machine worked for them , i do n't know how , but i can attest to the operation of the steamer that i purchased . i dabble in selling clothing on another website , and i have owned my other steamer since 2002 , and i will continue to use it ; i will just have to deal with space that it takes up in my home . conair gs4 compact is a bust .
this is a dangerous steamer . sometimes it will pour steaming water and burn you badly . definitely not recommended . i am throwing mine away
this is not aubergine , a dark purple like the color of eggplant skin , but it is a light , bright purple . sitting on my kitchen countertop , it is a very formidable sight first thing in the morning ; glowing , shimmering in kitchen flourescent lighting . caveat emptor , unless you 're color blind or really like bright purple
threw it in the trash ! it was awful ! ! horrible to clean , did n't chop right . pass on this one ! ! bought an unknown brand for $ 9.99 and love it
i 've been using a large cusinart for over 10 years . it is marvelous , so i decided to get the mini-mate chopper for smaller jobs . wrong idea ! ! this is a horrible little machine . it wo n't grind more than a couple of seeds at a time & forget chopping ! the grinding unit wo n't rotate most of the time . it 's going to the salvation army as a donation .
i strongly agree with the last reviewer- this unit is extremely overpriced . i also have a all-metal zinc alloy unit that included 2 extra worms , aluminum foilcutter , stainless steel bottle stopper and pourer and gift box for $ 25 . this one , at $ 150 , still has a plastic body
i bought this blender to make pie pastry , and i was thoroughly disappointed . the wires do n't cut because they just widen and the pieces of butter slip through..i spent a lot of muscle to obtain a very poor result . the handle is nice but it just does n't get the job done
i just bought this toaster ( not on amazon ) to replace a black&decker toaster oven that had served well for more than 10 years . this new toaster oven burst into flames when making toast filling my house with rank smoke and nearly setting my kitchen cabinets ablaze . this is a very dangerous appliance that , based on my experience and other reviews here , should probably be taken off the market and recalled
this item fell apart the moment i took it out of the box . the sides literally came apart . do not buy this product . the company should be ashamed for even selling it
we have only been using the sheets for 2 months and it is already pilling ( balling up ) very badly . it is already affecting my husbands sleep so we are on a search for another sheet set . when you see 500 thread count , you expect more from the sheet but i guess we should have know what to expect given the low price . i suppose you get what you pay for . take my advice and do n't throw away this $ $
i agree with the previous reviewer that these are difficult to clean and dry . i could never get mine really clean so i threw them out
although i like the concept of these storage containers , they crack very easily . the bottom of one of the largest containers had cracked during shipping . ( still useable for dry things like flour ) then as i was sitting on the floor putting the containers away in a bottom cabinet , i dropped on from 1-2 feet above a linoleum floor -- it too chipped and cracked at the point of impact . also , when i first unpacked the containers , one of the lids came apart and the bottom half became stuck in the container . we had to use a knife/fork and 2 people to pry it out , doing some damage in the process . i believe the click clack folks have developed a second or even third generation of these containers . perhaps they are sturdier . on the positive side , i did store some tomatoe sauce in one of the containers and it did not stain
i purchased 5 of these dishes ( at $ 9.99 each ) to give as christmas gifts . spode is manufactured in england , but the sub-standard knock-offs i received came from china . the color is dull and grayish . return shipping would be outrageous , so i 'm stuck with 5 ugly dishes .
this phone would be great if it did not have the worst static come and go several times throughout a call . it never fails , when i need to make a really important call-- the static is so loud i ca n't hear at all . every time we use it the static interrupts our conversation because we ca n't hear . and target would n't take it back without the box--how long are we supposed to keep the box- reasonably !
the design is ok . nothing fancy , nothing different , it looks just like any other teakettle . it works fine . the handle does n't get hot , and the whistle is n't too loud . i gave it one star because of the black goo that came inside . i washed it before using it , and after the water was done boiling , i saw little black particles floating in the water and the water smelled weird . the smell may have been caused by that black stuff . i washed the pot again and saw more black stuff coming out . i took one piece and noticed it was gooey . i checked if there was something that had melted when i boiled the water , but i saw the kettle was intact . i boiled more water and again i saw the black goo floating in the water . i have boiled water 7 times and have washed the pot 4 times , and there is still goo floating in the water , they are almost unnoticeable , like very tiny dots , but they are there . at least the funny smell is gone . i do n't know what that black goo is or what 's causing it or where it 's coming from . i 'm afraid it may contain dangerous metals or chemicals that can be harmful . if i keep seeing black goo , i 'm sending it back . i think i 've learned my lesson . when it comes to buying cookware , it 's better to buy good quality . it 's not worth jeopardizing your health to save a few bucks . update : after washing it two more times and boiling water one more time i got rid of the goo . and i 've noticed that the handle gets very hot when i fill it all the way up
i have read a few reviews about this machine and some how i am not sure what i missed . i purchased this machine about 8 months ago . i loved the look of it in my kitchen with all my stainless appliances . that is where it ends . this machine has been terrible , when you put water in it the filter part floats up and out of the slot letting water get into the machine unfiltered . when your filling your cup you have to bend down in front of the machine to see where the coffee is in the cup or it will overflow , making more for you to clean up . i just want coffee ! ! ! even though the inside " unit " that holds the coffee does come out , it is not designed to fit into the front of a refrig to put water in it . you have to use something else to catch the water from the refrig then dump that into this machine . they put little time into the design/research of this machine . i hesitate to add this as i do n't want anyone reading this to think my home is dirty....living in florida we tend to see palmetto bugs . this machine has about 5 vent holes in the top of it , i had two bugs get in the machine . they had full access to the water reservior . once i filled the water reservior the bugs came flying out . that was the end of this machine for me . poor design issues and not sanitary by any means . look on !
i have had the cuisinart dcc-2000 coffeemaker for about six months or so and loved it . this morning , however , it decided to stop working correctly . i left the kitchen while it was brewing and all of the coffee leaked all over the counter . what a mess ! i then made just 2 cups and put a coffee cup under the spout and watched it . sure enough as the coffee was brewing the spout was spewing . i do n't know what coffeemaker to buy now
the cooking set looks great . however , once you heat the pot/ pan , the steel material handles become super hot . i have to return the huge box
granted i have never had feather pillows before so maybe this is what is to be eppected but they have no neck support whatsoever , they make disturbing crunching noises whenever i move my head and they positively reek like a dirty henhouse . gross ! home on the range ai n't for me . i detest these , and threw them out
i love the way the tefal deep fryer cooks , however , i am returning my second one due to a defective lid closure . the lid may close initially , but after a few uses it no longer stays closed . since i have small children in my home , i will not be purchasing this one again .
very disappointing ! spend your money somewhere else . i threw away a perfectly good but old made in the usa thermos bottle and bought this made in china nissan 0.79-quart stainless-steel insulated bottle back in june of 2005 . ten months later this bottle stopped keeping anything warm and would feel warm to the touch after you poured warm liquids in it - evidence of the loss of its insulating function . i think it lost the vacuum in the cavity which i think is the method used to insulate the liquid inside . when you spend $ 25 one would think it 's a good quality product - think again
i bought this thermomter after watching goods eats with alton brown , because when i make buttercream frosting i wanted to be able to clip on the thermometer to the pot and get an accurate reading . well this themometer did a lousy job at staying clipped onto the pot , it kept falling off no matter how i put it on . i even tried using other pots , but no luck . i am so mad that i paid so much money for this crappy gadget , it sucks
i used this thermometer fewer than 10 times before it stopped working . for the most part , it no longer registers any temperature , and when it does it reads 75-100 degrees too cool . while it was working , i definitely preferred it to my analog candy thermometer because it was less bulky , but i certainly ca n't recommend it now . the clip still works , though , and coupled with my wonderful polder probe thermometer , i 've got the best candy thermometer ever
this is a neat idea ruined by shoddy manufacturing . first of all , this coffemaker is a lot bigger than most regular ones , especially the height . i ca n't fill this one without pulling it all the way out to the front of the counter . this takes up a lot of room for small kitchens or crowded countertops . the whole thing is also made out of plastic with a very cheap look and feel as soon as you take it out of the box . in just about 3 months of daily use , i 've already had water or coffee leak out of the dispenser four times . between the constant waste of space and having to watch out for leaks , i 'd rather go back to pouring my own cups . the only reason i have n't thrown it out is because my wife bought it and i do n't want to hurt her feelings
i purchased this unit due to the fact that you could dispense without a coffee pot . in the past i have usually ended up breaking the glass carafe that comes along with traditional coffee makers . at first , i was very pleased with the unit and thought i made a great purchase . eventually it started to drip and leak at random . the handle in the water/coffee holder broke . the top of the unit that lifts up broke off completely and now just sort of sits there precariously . finally , this week it decided that it was not going to work at all . it will not make coffee . it will turn on , but not brew . i have only had this for a year and a half or so . look elsewhere if you are looking for something that is going to last . ( it was only used 2-3 times a week
we received the hamilton beach brewstation 12 cup coffeemaker as a gift from my sister-in-law . she loved hers and had used it for a few months so she bought one for us . shortly after buying this for us , her coffeemaker started leaking . she thought it was just worn out from the six months of use and purchased a different type to replace hers . we used our brewstation for the first time yesterday . the night before , i set it up and programmed it to make coffee at 5 : 00 am - perfect , we could get up and have coffee already made . it worked great . a minor problem is that i enjoy coffee throughout the morning and the coffeemaker shut off after two hours . not a big deal in the grand scheme of things , i just turned it back on and life was good . now before i go on with my story , i need to explain how this coffeemaker works . you pour the water into the first reservoir ( for water only ) using the coffee tank to measure the amount of water . the coffee tank is placed back on the coffeemaker and the coffee filter and coffee is placed in a basket that fits on top of the coffee tank . the coffee is made and held in the coffee tank . to dispense the coffee , you place your cup below the tank and push on the dispenser button with your cup . coffee pours right into the cup . great idea , too bad it does n't work as well as the concept ! today coffee was brewed at 5 : 00 am again . that 's the only thing that worked well . when my husband tried to get a cup of coffee it poured out and would not stop . the cup overflowed , the coffee ran all over the counter and continued to flow until he unplugged it and put the entire coffeemaker in the sink . it finally stopped pouring out when it ran out of coffee . i 've cleaned the coffee tank and it continues to pour no matter what i do . since this coffeemaker runs just under $ 50 , the twelve cups of coffee we 've made with it very expensive ! i 've emailed hamilton beach and am awaiting an answer to this dilemma . i need to purchase another coffeemaker today and it definitely wo n't be a hamilton beach brand . i ca n't afford to purchase a new coffeemaker every other day ! my advice is to purchase a different brand and stay away from this one . unless you do n't have cups and want to slurp your coffee off of the counter !
my spouse operates this vacuum daily until the rechargeable nickel-cadium battery is dead to avoid any memory issues . like the black & decker 15.6v chv1560 cordless hand vacuum , the battery life is 4 months tops . perhaps black & decker should replace the nickel-cadium battery with a rechargeable lithium-ion battery on all of their cordless hand vacuums
i have had this product for about 2 years . when we first got it , it worked great--lasted about 10 min . at a time . now , we 're lucky to get the floor cleaned up under the table before it starts to wear down . also , the clip which holds it to the base just broke , and i see that i am not the first person to experience this problem . i do n't see anywhere to buy a replacement base , at this time , so i may end up just throwing the whole thing away
i am very disappointed with this product . i was carving my thanksgiving turkey yesterday when the knife stopped working after it got hooked on bone in the wing . the motor continued to work , but the blades stopped moving . the knife has only been used 3 times , but i had to throw it out today . i opened the plastic case , and found a metal worm gear coming off the motor shaft,and a cheap nylon gear attached to it to move the blades back and forth . the nylon gear was stripped and the knife was useless . my prior knife , much less expensive , lasted for 18 years . the cuisinart knife is not well made and only works well when it is not under any stress .
we have had this toaster for approximately 3 yrs . it has had mimimal use as we vacation away from home in the winter ( 4 months at least ) . there are just two people using this toaster and on an average only use it twice a week . the toaster is a part time toaster , sometimes it will toast both sides sometimes not . it has now become a total pain as the mechanism to hold the bread down has stopped working . i thought that a cuisinart would last for ever . i owned a very cheap toaster for over 35 years , gave it to my sons to use in college . that toaster still functions properly but is small and a 2 slicer . it will come out of the attic until we can find a better company than cuisinart with a better product
zyliss makes different shaker with different color . if you did n't catch this review , it is just because this color is n/a . they all leak . after 3 months of daily use , i feel bad that i have another thing to full up the landfill
it has a terrible desing flaw . i use it to mix and carry protein shakes . i put the powder in , put the cap on and when i am ready put the milk or water , shake and drink . too good to be rated 2 stars , is n't it ? well that was the good . the bad is : the tread that hold the cap is inside the conteiner so when you mix , the mixture go thru the tread ( it does n't look nice ) , and it 's supposed to be hold in by a clear tiny silicon-like band that is attached to the cap . if you tighten the cap too much , the band will be squeezed out of position and leak . if you do not tighten it enough the band wo n't seal and leak . another thing , maybe not as important as the above , is that it is little uncomfortable to drink directly from the bottle , the lid keep closing everytime . so before you make your decision analize carefully . despite all that... . it mixes , when you get it right ( until the band break ) and spray eventuall
unit is advertised as 5 quart............what arrived is 2 quart , and much too small for my purposes
i have had the knife for a month , and now it is simply not sharp . the knife does not hold it 's edge , and i have used it only on soft vegetables a few times . acceptable at $ 19 , but hardly high quality
i bought this coffee pot after owning the older version of the grind and brew . silly of me to think this would be an improvement . the front load basket design is terrible . it is a true " pain " to clean this section , you can not get your hands or any tool i have in my kitchen to clean the mechanisms . therefore , the brew basket sticks and at times the latch that holds the basket in will at times be gummed up . then when you start to brew your coffee thinking that the latch is closed , its not - its gummed up . not a problem until the heat and moisture from the brewing coffee loosen the gunk up and your basket shoots out and the coffee brews all over your counter . as many times as hubby and i try to clean this its become too much of a pain , this coffee pot is out of here... and on its way to the curb . i actually am contemplating sending it back to cuisinart in pieces ! ! ! ! ! ! poor design . did i mention the coffee itself does not seem to have the same flavor as the other machine . i think this one brews at a higher temp making the coffee bitter . my advise as a seasoned coffee maker/drinker . pass save your money and your headaches
i am not a fan of the pause and pour feature . it is a button and if the pot is not directly under button the coffe over flows . on two occasions the machine stopped dripping coffee in the pot , casing grounds to overflow the filter . i can only assume the pot was not perfectly placed . i searched for a red coffee maker at a resonable price but could find none without this type of pause and pour . i may have to remove button for 100 % satisfaction . but i love the red accents in my kitchen
i have been using a brita pitcher for years but with the last two boxes of filters , a green slime grew in the pitcher after less than a month of use . i 've heard the brita faucet filter attachments are worse . i 'm looking for another product .
i have wanted a crockpot for a long time and this one was one of the cheaper ones i saw . i 've read reviews about rival before but decided to go ahead and try it out . i really wish i would have kept my receipt and box ! . the lid does n't even fit and moves around most of the time making a bunch of noise and letting all the steam escape so all your liquid ends up being gone . the food is well done before the slow time is up . my chicken turns out so dry and overcooked .
wish i had seen the reviews before purchasing this insane appliance . nothing " slow " about it-- burns everything , even on the keep warm setting . best you can get out of it is 4 hours before you absolutely have to return home and shut it off . if not , your evening meal is small burnt pieces of food welded to the bottom of the pot . i swear , this thing is possessed ! my old rival crock pot was the best appliance i ever purchased , this one is the worst !
i wish i had . this one goes to the goodwill . grill plates are fixed and a chore to clean . grill leaves uncooked areas if height is irregular , like a chicken breast . hamburgers work best . watch out for burns
i bought this iron based on the recommendations here and was terribly dissapointed . first of all , the iron is very big and heavy . that 's not really a problem by itself , but when the iron leaves wrinkles on a shirt as much as it did , it becomes a big problem . the controls were hard to deal with . turning the iron on and to the setting desired involved getting under the holder . i can see someone burning their hand on a hot iron by accidentally reaching underneath to get a grip in order to work the controls on a hot iron . the water receiver only accepts water when the iron is laying flat . well , that 's fine if the iron is n't hot , but what if you decide you need water while ironing ? the steam controls either do n't work on the unit i have , or they do n't work similar to any other iron i 've used . this iron is far worse than the sunbeam i 'm trying to replace due to inherent problems and leaks
maybe i just have stains that are too much for it , but this cleaner did n't seem to do very much , certainly not enough to warrant paying the extra for it versus normal cleaners . and i 'm not using it on very old le creuset either , everything i have is less than a year old . maybe it does better on older stains !
the size is nice for 2 people . cleaning is easy . seems to be a defect in that the unit has to sit just right on the base or it will not go on and off by itself . you have to juggle it to be sure it is seated just right to get it to come back on after the oil is heated up and then you have to be real careful that it stays seated just right .
these knives are terrible ! the eversharp edge is finely serrated and tears the steak leaving pieces of meat hanging on the edges . it rips the food instead of cutting it . i thought the henckels name would be better than this . do n't waste your money
as mentioned in a lot of other reviews , my water tank leaks like a sieve . the unit is completely unusable . when you see how poorly constructed the water tank is , you realize hoover has built a clearly defective product . save yourself trouble , buy another brand of cleaner . i will never buy a hoover product again
is this some sort of sick joke ? are you purposfully trying to be politically incorrect or what ! ? making fun of sombody 's disability like that is not funny and can produce long term mental anguish . if you 're not careful , i 'm going to take you to court
my wife and i ordered 2 sets of the corelle ware . we even got a $ 10 discount automatically . the order came quicker than expected and everything was in excellent shape . we like this type of diningware better than china ware . it is virtually indestructible . i lkie amazon 's free shipping . i 've purchased many things through amazon and have n't been disappointed
this grinder has a small capacity [ not as advertised ] . if you follow directions , it will only grind enough for 4 cups at a time . also , for some reason it generates a static charge and there is coffee dust all over the counter after emptying it . the cord is stiff and the cord storage is inconvienient . finally , it is much more noisy than my old one
after reading the reviews here saying that the chemical smell mentioned by others was not a problem for them , i went ahead and ordered this rice cooker . after i received the cooker , i was a little disappointed to find that it was made in china , rather than japan , and that there were some very noticeable imperfections in the fit and finish . i made sure to remove the shipping paper under the pot , and wash the pot and lid thoroughly , but upon trying it out i was disappointed to find that my cooker did in fact emit an acrid chemical smell that filled my apartment . it was the kind of smell that you more feel in your nose than actually smell . the smell also flavored the rice , which was most noticeable after letting it cool and airing out the apartment . aside from this problem , though , the rice , which was standard japanese style white short grain , came out perfectly . i returned this cooker and ordered the panasonic sr-na18 , which should arrive tomorrow . i have compared a few rice cookers at my local asian store , and this panasonic model seems better built than the newer ( i believe ) panasonic sr-la18 , plus i believe it is made in japan ( i 'll have to check when mine arrives ) . i also highly recommend the zojirushi 10-cup " neuro fuzzy " model ( ns-jcc18/ns-zcc18 ) . my parents have had one for several years and it works perfectly
i loved this when i purchased it , then i noticed it did not do a perfect job , then it would take a while to get going , then it smoked and died . not worth it
took the blender out of the box . cleaned the jar and lid and started trying to use . it ran for a few seconds and then i started smelling something burning and the blender quit . i attempted to contact customer support and could n't get through . the telephone message suggested i leave a message and they would call back . i attempted to leave a message but it said the mailbox was full . not a good sign
we have had this garlic press for a number of years , but now its handles have turned so gummy from repeated dishwashing that they turn the kitchen counter black just by laying it down . plan on buying a new one every couple of years
it is a strong knife ; and easy to grip ; but , i am upset about the rust spots on the blade , especially because i gave 2 people this knife as a gift ! it was very embarrassing ! i ca n't return it since it was a long distance gift . shame on oxo ! i gave it 2 stars because of the good grip ; but , that is all it is....a good grip that looks like you bought it at good will
i 'm sure this is a fine pizza wheel . unfortunately , i 've not yet been able to use it , as the @ # $ ! * $ sticker that came attached to the blade is vitually impossible to remove . geez .
after many years of loving rowenta irons i have to say i am very disappointed the dx1700 . it has already " died " on me . the first few months it worked very well . the steam power that most rowenta 's have is great . but i am very disappointed that it will no longer heat up .
the name revere ware used to mean exceptional quality , now it means " just more chinese crap " .the bottom is so thin it ca n't have the logo stamped properly.the redesigned handle has an impossible to wash void in it . in all fairness it is better than most imported junk
i handwashed this one time and it filled up with water . i did n't expect to be able to wash it in the dishwasher but i also did n't expect it to fill 45 % up with water the first time i washed it by hand . the water has since evaporated but i have n't tried to use the thermometer since and i wo n't use it without using a second one to calibrate this one to see if it is anywhere close to accurate . not exactly what i was looking for
this is warm , beautiful , soft and a fabulous bargain ! i highly recommend it... and buy the matching sheets ! they 're a wonderful combination
only had this coffee maker ( second replacement ) one year and it leaked from all over my counter . i asked for a replacement , crazy huh , and was told no my time had run out . well i am off on a hunt for a good coffee maker . this was not it ! ! do not waste your money
amazon couldnt send me the correct cutting board and they tried 4 times and now they want me to review this item that they never sent m
these towels are soft and fluffy , but the towels are not absorbent . just as other reviewers have stated , the towels do n't absorb water , rather the water rests on the surface of the towels
i bought it because of the rotisserie function , which i use a lot . this model has no variable temperature control on that function . there are some things i cook at a lower temperature for a longer time to get the proper doneness . i do n't know why when they wired the machine they did n't route that function through the temperature control .
i 'm not sure who decided to put the word non-stick in the title of this griddle . it took me two days to scrape off the egg omelet that i tried to cook on it the first time . they should change the title of this item to calphalon one stick 10-inch international griddle . do not buy unless you enjoy hand cleaning and scraping pots and pans
this thermometer never worked correctly . for oven temps . over 350 the probe is worthless , it reads the oven temp. , not the temp . of the meat . save your money and buy and old fashoined one
this thermometer worked flawlessly for the first 3 months , then the probe broke . do n't ask me how it broke because i can not see inside the metal do-hicky . a replacement probe is $ 10-15 provided you can find one . it seems all these units have problems with the probes . well , enough for me . i 'll go back to my traditional thermometer
first , when you use the temperature probe , the meat temperature shows on the display . also , it is very easy to set the temperature alarm . however , there is a small switch that must be turned on to activate the alarm . good for one burned roast . granted , a mistake you will only make once . second , when the timer gets to zero , the alarm sounds , and the timer switches to an elapsed timer . a very nice feature . however , there is no way to shut off the alarm without stopping the timer . it will eventually shut off after one ear-splitting minute . otherwise , it works
i was very unhappy with this product . i ordered several cannisters and 3 out of 5 cracked after the first use ! ! ! i did everything that they recommended and they all cracked in the same manner . the people at foodsaver were very happy to replace them because they are under " warranty " but i am surprised to see how fragile this product is . fyi , they will not warranty the products sold on e-bay . i should have listened to the reviews and not taken a chance on this product .
i got one with my foodsaver . i like the foodsaver but their canisters crack after a couple of uses . also the manufacture is not handy friendly . i was injured and ca n't speak . when i tried to get help by email they told me i needed to get friend or family member to call them if i wanted help . that just wrong . i guess they have n't heard about the equal access laws
it says this is a 2 burner grill pan but that is so wrong . it does not cover 2 burners it sits in the middle of each burner causing the handles to be right ove both burners . very dissapointing , i love the le creuset normally and was really looking forward to having a grill pan made by them . unfortuanatelly due to the shape it will not work for just one burner either . hopefully they will come out with an updated one , until then my search for a good 2 burner grill pan continues
made good waffles when i got it but now it burns them to a crisp . there is no adjustment on it to compensate for the ageing of the internal components .
these tools , although fun looking , are poorly balanced and fall over if they do n't have enough room to rest on the counter . the handles are a little awkward in size and the bowls of the spoons slightly too deep . i like their look , but i do n't like the design of them
i wish i had . this one goes to the goodwill . grill plates are fixed and a chore to clean . grill leaves uncooked areas if height is irregular , like a chicken breast . hamburgers work best . watch out for burns
this was supposed to be the toaster to end all toasters . we had it for about 2.5 years , and now the toast brown on only one side . the outer heating elements still work . the inner elements work at about 1/3 capacity of the outer ones . we now turn our toast around after a couple minutes to cook the other side . until we find the next toaster to end all toasters . this one was not it !
this is not a very good hot tea brewer . the tea does n't steep hardly at all and there is no difference between the strength settings . the water is also not heated to boiling . it is really just a glorified coffee maker . you would be better off purchasing a more traditional teapot for far less money
worked like a charm until i put it through the dishwasher , and now it always exudes a fine black residue . maybe some kind of rust ? ca n't use it anymore unless i want black grime on my ice cream . i have emailed the manufacturer to ask what 's going on ; have n't heard back yet
i bought a set recently and unfortunatley it is made in china . we have some older ones and they are much differen
i recently ordered a pedrini black & satin stainless steel tomato slicer through amazon.com . the delivery was very prompt . the slicer came with a clear plastic cover for the blades . but the problem is that the tomato slicer is very dull . the tomatoes are literally torn up by the time they are completely sliced . i would not order another one by pedrini . i am not pleased at all with my purchase
this is a complete waste of time . this thing takes a lot longer than a traditional knife . the tomato juice goes everywhere and its flimsy . you actually have to saw and the blades bend like crazy . dont waste your time or money
the blade broke after 14 months of use . and to take advantage of the warranty , i learned that i was required to send them a check for $ 4.00 for processing costs , not to mention the cost that i would incurr to ship it to them . it was an adequate grinder at best , so i 'm definitely not going to bother returning it ( i assume that this is cuisinart 's reason for having such a lame warranty in the first place ) . i wonder if the rest of their product line is like this . until now , i thought cuisinart was a name you could trust . i 'm very disappointed
i bought this vac to help clean up behind my 19 month old daughter and my 2 pets . i used it once without a problem , seemed to work reasonably well for a hand vac . the 2nd time i used it i was cleaning up kitty litter tracked from the litter box . the 1st pass went fine but then as i was getting ready to make a 2nd pass to finish the job it started whining and it stopped working . i turned the machine off , checked for any clogs or hair of any kind that may be causing the interference but i found nothing . i manually moved the brush around a couple of times without a problem , so i turned it back on . it was still not working and then within 2 seconds it started to smell like something was burning . i turned it off and it was smoking pretty heavily , which lasted for at least 2-3 minutes before cooling off . do n't waste your $ $ on this and more importantly do n't risk your safety with this fire trap
who had the bright idea with putting the spout so low that this thing will boil thru so easily ? since it does n't make any noise that it is boiling , you know when the water start to burst thru the spout area and it is not a good thing . and what is up with the leaky spout in the weld area anyways ? welding is a skill that if done right , it would not leak ! the handle will get hot so wear your glove . on the plus side , the stainless steel looks very nice which is why i bought it in the first place . i use to have a cheap tea pot that cost half the price of this one and it was more reliable ( lasted 2 years ) so that just goes to show that just because it cost more , it do n't mean it would last longer . mine start to leak after 4 months . i am going to buy that cheap one again if they still makes it . overall , i can not recommend this tea pot due to the spout flaw .
this kettle has so many design flaws i do n't know where to start . it does n't whistle when it boils so if you leave the room you could have serious overflow before you get back . the spout is at such a steep angle that it often pours beyond the cup . the shape ( especially the angle ) of the handle means that it gets very hot -- i ca n't hold it without a pot holder -- and your hand gets scalded by the steam when you pour the water . mine also already started rust on the outside . i purchased this kettle about six months ago and i 'm going to have to now buy another one
look carefully at where the spout is mounted . if you fill above this line , with the lid on tight , when it boils , boiling water shoots out of the spout . and the lid fits so tight it is hard to remove without burning . i 'm suprised to see this still being sold
i received the delonghi deep fryer on friday evening and had it at the post office on monday morning . i did everything except stand on my head to get it to make potato chips...smaller batches , larger batches , shorter cooking times , longer cooking times . what i did get , consistantly , resembled more a potato cake which was soggy in the middle . i bought a waring pro at william sonoma for $ 40 more and had beautiful potatos monday evening . bottom line...delonghi may be a bit cheaper and a tad easier to clean , but i want good tasting food
this board scratches really easily , and mine had dings in it when it arrived
i returned three incantos , all for the same reason . the steamer stopped working on all of them after 3-4 weeks . it sounded like the pump failed . i replaced it with the slightly more expensive , older magic comfort plus , which has worked like a charm
this machine is the only sub- $ 3000 machine i could find that would make a cappuccino with the push of one button . however , after an hour of trying , i could not get the machine to do anything other than display a message saying the grind was too fine . the delonghi service number blamed it on the plastic float in the water reservoir , the simplest and cheapest looking mechanism imaginable . i was having second thoughts about their quality control for a machine whose all-plastic construction did not inspire confidence to begin with , when the service person , after conferring with a colleague , decided there could be something more seriously wrong with the machine and that i should exchange it . knowing that super automatics in general are not known for their reliability , i envisioned years of chronic problems with this machine . i opted for a refund from amazon instead and am relieved i did
i bought one of your pans and i was so very careful with it only using plastic or wood utensils . the pan has got big bubbles in it and the nonstick finish is pealing off . i rate this very poor
please do your self a favor and do not buy this item . as a toaster oven it burns the bottoms of everything you heat in it . as a toaster to toast bread or bagels , well it still has yet to toast anything for us . you can run the toaster 6 times and it will never toast/brown . i was shocked that this item would be so bad being that hamilton beach is a good brand . something is obviously wrong with the production of this product . forget about purchasing this one . if there was a zero for the star option on this product i would have given it a zero
although i love the way it clips onto the oven rack , and it 's very easy to read , it took about 15-20 minutes to " register " the temperature of the oven .
contrary to the description above , this is not a non-stick pan . i tried making eggs and pancakes on the pan . everything stuck to the bottom . i used bacon grease on the pan before i made the eggs . they stuck . i used butter on the pan before i made the pancakes . they stuck . i could not get the pancakes off the bottom of the pan without destroying them . this might be a good pan for searing and the cleanup that comes with it , but it is definitely not a pan to make breakfast or any other meal that requires a non-stick pan . my 12-year-old t-fal with a worn surface outperformed this pan making pancakes . i am definitely returning it
i ordered the orange and the red . the colors were much more drab in person . the cumin is actually burnt orange from the 70s
thought for years , i was missing something by not having a cuisinart ! what a laugh . in the few months i have had this unit , two pusher assemblies have cracked and broken . i did read the manual from cover to cover and watched the video prior to using . this is an obvious design defect . guess i was lucky , in that first replacement was made without a hassle or having to return anything . now they want the broken item returned , which is an inconvenience and a delay . i was without my replacement last time , at least six weeks . i plan to return this item and purchase a different brand
i had a russel hobbs electric kettle , made in the uk , which worked well for 3 years . when it finally died , i ordered one of these , based on the glowing reviews . it arrived new from amazon not working . lf port jefferson , n
maybe i just do n't understand what this is supposed to do . kitchenaid attachments are usually wonderful enhancements to their basic appliances . but i have n't been able to create volume or foam in drinks with this attachment . ca n't see that it does much more than a spoon , and certainly does n't do as much as a plain wire whisk . it 's not portable like those cheap , little drink mixers . when i 'm at home , i have my immersion blender - a much better option for mixing liquids . maybe this is good for something i have n't tried yet
after 3 months of average use , this vaccuum stopped spinning the brushes . the canister is difficult to empty . i was very dissappointed because of the failure of this machine to last . i will never buy a hoover product again
i love the colors and the heat resistance but found the wooden handle on one spatula rough and splintery . also the spatula is showing nicks on the edges of the silicon....do n't understand because i do n't use it on rough edged bowls or pans
it picked up great but one month before the warranty expired the thing made terrible noises and did n't self-propel correctly . sent it in for repair , took a month . they said " nothing " was wrong and sent it back , but now it works . i would n't buy another one . for $ 300 it should last more than a year before repairs are needed . spend your money on something built better . http : //www.candle-licious.com  su
bought the vacuum on oct 1 2005 . brought it back to the store on oct 7th . the belt broke ! thought it was a fluke . tried one more...brought it back after 10 days . a piece went flying after using the hose . the suction on the hose then did not work ! overall the cleaning was great.... while it worked .
i bought this vacuum new and used it three times . for those three times , it worked like a dream . never had the carpet been so clean . it even looked like a professional carpet cleaner had just visited . on the fourth use , the brush abruptly stopped rolling and the motor started smoking . it cost me over $ 100 to repair . beware buying this vacuum ; repair shop owners will laugh when you bring it in because they see so many of them with broken belts and motors . ignore what consumer reports says on this one and most definitley do not throw your money away on this piece of junk
first of all i 'm a dyson fanatic....i have a total of three ( one on each floor ) . when we bought our cabin i could n't stand to give one up and felt too cheap to buy another one ( they are pricey ) for carpet i 'm on five or six times a year so i bought this . at first i was thrilled . it was wonderful . after using it a few times however it has completely lost suction . keep in mind this is being used in a second home with no kids , pets or real dirt . i would doubt that it 's on except that it 's noisy and takes off without me . i have bought new filters and looked for blockages but nothing has worked . also the " dirt container " is sometimes hard to remove and put back . feels like it 's catching on something . what a waste of money . even in my college days i 've never had a worse vacuum . i highly recommend the dyson instead or even the $ 50 dirt devil i gave my niece as a wedding present- it cleans circles around this thing . to me " hoover " spells " disappoinment "
this is the worst vacumm cleaner i have ever had ! it has continually broken down since i bought it and is now again dead . it 's only 1 1/2 years old ! while under warranty ( the first year ) , i went through 5 belts , a roller brush , and the motor burned out . it is no longer under warranty , and of course , it broke down again . it smokes like it 's on fire , and i believe that it 's the roller brush * again * . now mind you , my house is only 1600 sq ft , and half of that space is wood flooring , so i do n't have an excessive amount of carpet . nor do i vacuum excessively . maybe once a week . i complained to hoover and they basically told me " too bad " . and it 's not like it 's an inexpensive vacuum at $ 289 ! i will never again buy a hoover product
this one is does n't work when it gets hot or wet ( and where do you use your thermometer ? ) . also , it is very easy to leave it " on " draining the batteries . replacement batteries cost nearly as much as the thermometer itself . i have another taylor ( unfortunately , there is no model number on it ) . it is auto off and saves the max and min temperatures . the max is helpful when i want to check i steak on my hot ! grill . i can hold the thermometer with a pair of thongs without burning my hands . this one is just plain useless
mine worked reasonably well for about 7 months ; then stopped switching itself off and eventually overheated the plastic bulkhead which holds the coil , giving off a strong ( presumably toxic ) odour of melted plastic , also affecting the taste of the water . amazon does not sell this item in britain , where it would never get through the safety tests required by consumer legislation , but apparently they are quite happy to put american lives in danger
i bought this item in october 2005 , by january it had developed a crack across the bottom and up the side of the pitcher . i contacted both amazon and emile henry about it . amazon will only give a partial refund and emile henry told me to go through the merchant and did not offer that supposed warranty on their shoddy product . do n't buy this piece of junk
i got them free with purchase of wamsutta sheets . these blankets are of really cheap quality . thin , mesh-like texture . threads get loose at the ends . leaving traces of fabric everywhere . i got rid of it cause i am afraid the loose ends and fabric may be swallowed by babies
the tea kettle is inexpensive , but i 'd spend more to get a tea kettle that whistles and also has a top that flips open from the handle instead of one where you have to manually pop it off . in addition , the handle gets hot , and you need an oven mitt to hold it
like many large wood surfaces , a peel is made from several strips of wood laminated together . however , this peel developed a split after just one use . the instructions indicate maintenance is achieved by wiping with mineral oil , so perhaps you should do this before using the first time . i imagine there are heavier peels available which may be worth checking out . i was rather dissapointed .
this mixer has many speed settings , but they all pretty much go the same speed . the " low " setting is so fast that if you are mixing much liquid it spashes all over . i would not recommend this mixer , spend a few more dollars and get a better one ! !
the glass is quite fragile . i had two break
the breville chiller works so so based on the 6 minute claim the company states . to get it cold like in your refrigerator it took more like 14-15 minutes--still faster than a fridge though . also , the description is sort of deceptive since it says new freezer gel packs , " no messy ice " . i thought you just use these freezer packs and thats it--note you still need access to a freezer to freeze the gel packs before using . also , you still need to add water and the freezer packs do n't really last that long . if you want to chill more than 1 bottle , i ended having to use good old ice cubes since the freezer packs were spent . its a bit messy trying to chill anything other than wine bottles since a typical drink can/bottle will be submerged under the water bath and the only way to retrieve it is to dunk your hand in the cold water . also , if you are chilling allot of beverages , there is no way to pour out the excess water as the ice melts--they should put a drain spout at the bottom--i had to unplug the unit and dump the excess water over the sink . it does work being faster than your fridge or freezer , but the companies performance claims are a bit exaggerated
i tried to chill my white wine in seven minutes and it was still warm . they say chill , but what does that really mean ? they should say what temperature it chills to in 7 minutes . i guess that is why they have a 15 minute timer . also the description does not state that you have to add water so it is just as messy as an ice bucket and as much work .
the description does not tell you that you still have to add water to unit in addition to the gel packs . i chilled my chardonnay for seven minutes and it was still warm . i had to chill it for 20 minutes to get it cold enough to drink . gel packs do n't allow you to chill several bottles without having to refreeze them or add ice to the machine .
it 's great , if it works ! ! ! after keep exchanging it over and over , i gave up the 5th time . first time , spray did n't work , second time , power steam button did n't release the steam , third time , it was too strong fabric got stock underneath the iron and i could n't clean the iron , fourth time , steam problem again , fifth time , steam problem again . poorly tested product . i would 've been really happy to keep it , if it was working properly . it actually had all the features i was looking for . too bad for rowenta for not testing their products properly .
cast iron is the only way to go when you are cooking on anything over 30,000 btus . lodge has a lock on this market . trouble with this wok is the sides are not high enough . as soon as you start mixing , your food goes sliding up and over the side . also , for the extreme weight , the handle should be wider ; distributing the weight a little more broadly for the weak hand hold . i gave mine away after three months . i wish they would change the design ; i 'd buy three
i bought this thing due to my inablity to handle heat effectively anymore like i used to . the unit was not deffective or anything like that , but it also only works under very specific conditions and that window is small . while it is stated in the manual that it 's not an a/c unit or super powerful and that it works off of evaporation . i found it to be nothing more than an inconvienance than effective . the fan at the back of the unit does n't have enough power to move the lightest of feathers let alone allow one to feel anything . while the manual claims that the fan is for cooling the back of your neck i find it is more functional to the evaporation chambers . overall , the unit just keeps your neck wet and does n't really cool anything . i found that the unit did work a little more noticably if it was not that hot out and you stood still . anything over 85 degrees and it fails . do n't waste your money on this thing until someone comes out with a better system
i should have listened to the other reviewers , which i usually do . i followed the directions to the letter . put it on in 95 + degree weather and never felt cool at all . in fact , after several minutes i actually felt hotter and was sweating as much as without this thing on . even if it had worked , it was very uncomfortable . i am suprised that sharper image sells such a bad product
very disappointed- feels cumbersome around the neck and blows very little ai
first 5 minutes : feels like having a cold towel on your neck after 5 minutes : feels like you are wearing a warm/hot wet block on your neck
i live in new york city where the temperatures and humidity are high . all this does is make your neck feel cold . i was still sweating after an hour ! try it if you want . the sharper image has a money back guarantee for 60 days . i dont know about amazon
after one wash cycle , these sheets split at the seams . otherwise soft and comfortable
i can not recommend purchase of the refurbished roomba discovery 4210 . while i think the product did a good job on bare floors ( not carpet ) , now after only 4 months of light use ( we only used in the kitchen/den area of our home ) , the unit is trashed . the refurb warranty is only 90 days and that 's apparently all the machine is good for . i purchased a new aps fast charger in an attempt to rule that problem out , but it did nothing . this seems to be typical of this vacuum since the roomba rep i talked to told me that if the charger failed the roomba was " probably trashed " . she was right . if you want to try this machine stick with the new one , at least you 'll get a one year warranty . but i recommend staying away altogether
roomba was given as a gift to me . not only is it noisy , but it took 2 hours to do my small house with 3 rooms closed off to it ( about 1000 sq ft ) . it takes me 15 minutes to swiffer the house . it missed a lot of areas . yuck
works well and looks great but lifting is not fun . if you are a weight lifter always looking for a few more reps for your wrist elbow and shoulder get this kettle . this stainless wk600 one is listed at 6.4 lbs , and the white plastic wk200 is listed at 2.9 lbs . a big difference ! the stainless one weighs empty close to what the plastic one weighs full . with a minimum fill of 1/2 liter the stainless weighs in at 7.4 lbs . and the plastic at 4.0 lbs . i 'm returning my stainless wk600 unit and ordering the wk200 plastic one .
i 've had this kettle for less than 2 years . after reading good reviews , i decided to purchase this kettle because i wanted something that would last with daily use . i disliked it from the beginning . why ? 1 ) it 's heavy . 2 ) when you open the lid to fill it with water ( you should n't fill it just through the spout because then all the deposits are on the wrong side of the filter ) , water that has collected around the lid leaks out and runs down the outside of the kettle . 3 ) after less than 2 years of use , it is no longer working properly . it constantly switches off during heating . i 've had better use from a cheap plastic kettle , and will be going back to using one of those
what a joke ! ! ! this whas a disappointing experience . the garment steamer never really worked . i wasted a valuable time in this deal . i bought one at target first missing parts then i went back returned it and came back home to use it and again never worked . what a waste of my time ! the second garment steamer one and off button kept turning off about one minute never producing any steam . i tried to contact customer service to find out if i was using it right and customer sevice is no help at all ! my advise is : please do n't even waste your time with it . sincerely,&amp ; # 60 ; br /&amp ; # 62 ; & # 60 ; br /& # 62 ; jackeline de ranier
although i only hand washed these pots and pans , somewhere between the 2nd and 3rd year , the nonstick coating on the pans started lifting . i also do not use metal cooking utensils . all that being said , i still use these pots and pans ( been almost 5 years now ) . overall , i originally bought this set for ~ $ 300 5 years ago . the pots are still in excellent condition . if i was looking for pots and pans , i would consider purchasing another set at $ 150 . i do cook a lot ( used for business ) so my 5 years with these pans may equate to 7-10 years of normal use
i purchesed this product not too long ago and whoever disigned it should take a look at the silverware basket . they sould come up with a better way to drain the silverware because the silverware basket hangs over the counter in every position i tried . needless to say , i took it back because the basket would have drained my silverware all over my counter and not in the drain board . i think its a nice dish rack but the basket has to be redisigned to drain in the drain board and not over the counter . looks are very decieving , in the picture it looks like the basket is over the drain board but its not . i hope this helps others before they decide to buy this product
i ordered 2 sets of four in case there was any breakage...and guess what...1 ramekin was broken leaving me with 7 dishes . to top it off , a few days later , i found a comparable set , slightly larger , at big lots , for only $ 7 for four . of course this is always the risk we take through mail order...often it is not worth the time or trouble to get refunds or replacements
we had to return this item for a refund . it arrived and never worked .
the first time i used this yogurt starter and it did not thicken i thought that it was my technique . after reading and making several sucessful batches using store bought yogurt for the starter , i tried another batch using the rolmex starter purchased at the same time as the original failed starter . the results were the same : no thickening , just liquid . others seem to have had good results so it is possible that the culture i received was not properly stored at some point before i received it or that it was just a bum lot
i get this thing and they forget to tell you about the big bulky power cord its impossible to feed the fish and a number of other problems
i purchased the melitta mill in april , it 's now july and the thing is shot . we used it daily to grind 2 tablespoons of coffee , first the switches stuck and then we had to plug and unplug it to run the thing . sure it was inexpensive , but you should get more than three months out of the purchase . $ 6 + a month just to grind coffee ? do n't buy this poorly constructed product .
i received this grinder because i had purchased a defective melitta grind & brew coffee maker through amazon . the coffee maker had electrical problems and i sent it back to the manufacturer as the manual instructed . to make a very long story short---melitta was not able to replace the coffee maker . they stopped making them . amazon had my money and i waited over 4 frustrating months for a coffee maker . amazon would not help me and after many , many phone calls melitta sent me another coffee maker and the coffee mill to compensate for the brew and grind . grinder malfunctioned periodically and finally died with in 9 months . warning--do n't buy melitta products and returns for defective merchandise should be returned to amazon .
i , too , am so disappointed with this product . when our delonghi toaster oven died after 15 years , my husband and i went shopping for a new one . numerous reviewers and salespeople informed us that delonghi toaster ovens just were n't as good as they used to be , so we decided to try the kitchenaid oven . it appeared to be solidly built and was a brand we 'd always been satisfied with . the oven , which was bought from a major retailer , looked fine , but the timer and bell were out of synch . even worse , while the top coils heated up nicely , the bottom ones heated very unevenly . kitchenaid customer service was friendly and helpful and offered to send a replacement oven along with a mailing label so we could return the defective oven to them at no expense . less than a week later the new oven arrived . it looked perfect . but again , it did n't work . this time the top coils glowed brightly while the bottom ones barely heated up . after preheating the oven for 5 minutes and positioning bread for toasting exactly as instructed in the owner 's manual , we found that the oven produced a piece of toast that was beautifully and evenly golden on top and absolutely white on the bottom . now we 'll have to return this oven as well , and we 've pretty much given up on getting a kitchenaid one at all
the product is labeled as a seed grinder , so you would expect it to be able to grind seeds , but it failed miserably . i tried grinding flax seeds ( about the size of sesame seeds ) but about half of the flax seeds made it through the grinder intact . i even tried running the " ground " seeds through a second and third time but still wound up with a large portion of whole or almost intact seeds . that was with the grinder on the fine setting . it seems to be a combination of poor design and cheap parts . the " grinding " wheels are made of plastic which is not the best material for friction and the design allows a lot of the seeds to drop off the wheel into the chute without having actually been " ground " by the wheels . if you 're wanting to grind a very small amount of seeds , try a manual grinder . if you 're wanting to grind a medium to large amount of seeds , spend more money and get a proper flour mill
the decription says it is a 9x5 loaf loaf dish . i was thrilled . i have been looking all over to find one that size in glass . i was so mad and disappointed when i opened the box and it was 8.5 x 4.5 . that was n't what i ordered . and yes when baking bread there is a difference . i am still waiting on my postage-paid return label so i can ship this back . this would have been a great deal , except i already have the 8.5 x 4.5 pans . they need to change the dimensions in the description . buyer beware !
we bought this to replace our 25 year old can opener after the blade on it snapped . we looked around and quickly discovered that finding an inexpensive opener was easy but a quality opener was going to be a difficult task . out of shear frustration we ended up selecting this black & decker . at first it seemed " ok " , but after just a few months we are back to using our old " manual - hand wind " opener . the reason is that the top lever is too cheaply made and it flexes . over time ( not much time ! ) it gets too loose to hold a can anymore . we lock it in place , it spins an inch or two and the can drops onto the counter . repeat this scene over and over... ! at the end , the lid is never ( repeat - never ! ) separated from the can - ever ! it 's back to the hand held and a search of a decent electric continues
no i do n't think it 's the problem with my washer and dryer , they are new units . now only with great difficulty can i put them on my queen bed . and they claim they have deep pockets ! i do believe it is a quality problem
i was so happy when i received this sheet set . it looks beautiful ( that 's the reason why i am still giving 1 star ) . but after a couple of nights of use the fitted sheet became ruff . they pile ! ! ! ! if you are looking for comfort - as anybody who buys a 1000tc sheet set is - do n't bather with these . spend your hard earned money someplace else
i 'm normally a fan of oxo products and own many of their gadgets . these measuring cups are the first problem product i 've had from oxo...both the 2 cup and 4 cup sizes cracked on the bottom of the cup , right at the plastic injection point ( that little circle with the tiny bump in the center of it ) , and they both now leak at the crack . these cracks developed very soon after i bought them , and i only ever washed them in on the top rack of the dishwasher . because of the design of the cups , it 's kinda annoying to wash them by hand - and they 're not great for measuring dry ingredients for the same reason . so mine have gone into the garbage can , replaced by the kitchenaid cups of similar appearance ( although without the handy interior measuring marks ) . my advice , keep your receipt if you buy these . or skip them and get the kitchenaid , which have a non-slip rubber ring on the bottom , another nice feature . and they wo n't crack in the dishwasher
i have bought flannel sheets from amazon before but they were from martex and they were greate . but , these are just bad . they are too thin to start with , left lint all over the bed and even after washing they have left fuzzies all over the sheets , i can not even explain how bad it is . i should have waited for another martex deal
product not even worth a penny . impossible to use after the first wash..wont recommend to anyon
i bought two sets to take advantage of the free shipping , despite the low reviews . ( i plan to buy good sheets once they go on clearance at the end of the season... ) when i took one set out of the package there was already a hole in it . amazon replaced them , but when i washed them they feel like they are going to fall apart . the filled up the lint collector . i have red and green lint everywhere , even after washing them . you get what you pay for
very , very , disappointed and irritated . humbug , i ordered this rice cooker and i just received it today . i really wish , i had read some of the reviews above . the description on this site clearly states that the rice cooker stays warm for 5 hours ! the manual clearly states it does not . i bought it because of the keep warm for 5 hours promise . i can get a cheap , basic cook and shut off at wal-mart for $ 12 here in georgia . i 'll be sending it back tomorrow , and i 'm very upset that i have to take the time to do it , humbug ! ~ i like amazon .com , but i 'm really mad about this . no christmas rice for me
i have depended on my french white - the " old " style - for many years . i went to buy a few new pieces for myself , but discovered that corning has changed the design . " french white " is now nothing more than cheap-cheesy-heavy-porous-breakable stoneware . i saw many chips and even a crack in the display models . stupid corning ! they seem to have forgotten that corningware was designed to be the smart alternative to that cheap-cheesy-heavy-porous-breakable stoneware ! please save your $ $ $
i have tried to like this pot - in theory it sounds great , but in actual usage , it is very problematic . the non-locking handles are the chief drawback - you need to awkwardly hold them closed with pot holders while draining - and the acute angle needed to remove all the water inevitably means leaking hot water on to the holders and hence on you . back to the tried and true colander in the sink for me
although i ordered the juicer in the color black , i received the product in white . if not for the color i would have purchased it locally . after approximately 6 months of satisfactory occasional use the juicer is no longer functional . some of the teeth on the gear that is connected to the press lever have broken off . i had expected a product this simple would have lasted for years . i am obviously totally disappointed
i thought i was getting a good deal with this deep fat fryer but the quality was really poor . i used the fryer only once because the lid did not seal properly and i ended up with oil & water from condensation dripping down the side . i returned the product and received a full refund . the safety plug was hard to use and the basket size is too small for more than two people
it simply does n't do the job . only bruises the herbs . i normally love oxo products , but this one is a disappointment
i loved this when i purchased it , then i noticed it did not do a perfect job , then it would take a while to get going , then it smoked and died . not worth it
i purchased a few of these for myself and friends . from the day i got my spoon spatula it was my favorite kitchen tool , especially since i could use it when making sauces or frying onions and veggies . one day when making a non-meat tomato sauce the handle simply broke off leaving the handle in my hand and the spatula in the pot . i wrote to oxo about this twice in the last 2 months with no reply and this is most frustrating to me . anyway , i am now using a kitchenaid product which feels much more sturdy and kitchenaid responds to e-mails immediately
the very first cut i made on this cutting board left a huge gouge in the surface . subsequent cuts also left deep marks . for something that 's advertised as being harder than maple , i found this to be very surprising . maybe it 's the way it 's put together ? all i know is that this cutting board is on pace to be the shortest lived ever in my kitchen . pretty much the only thing that i like about it is that bamboo is a renewable resource . good thing because at the current rate , i anticipate needing a new one very soon
i have the large one tried to use it on coffee.... ca n't get it to work . love the rest of the products
i decided to buy this riedel sommeliers bordeaux grand cru and burgundy glasses from amazon due to the the price and the name . when they arrived both were damaged . i returned them and wait for the replacements . when i got it , surprise surprise , they were all damaged again and amazon said that they wo n't replace them anymore and i needed to return them again for the refund ! ! ! the worst experience in online shopping ever ! ! ! tips : buy these beautiful riedel glasses somewhere else . trust me ! !
.. . i returned it without even using it because it did not feel like a quaility item . i would not recomend this product if you have any taste
like most reviewers , i found these glasses to be elegantly modern and sleekly minimalist . like a number of other reviewers , i found that one of my glasses leaked . unlike one other reviewer , i was unable to eliminate the water between the glass ' walls in the microwave , and when i tried to do so the glass became very hot because of the steam produced . to my mind , elegance of form can never compensate for a failure of functional design . 5 stars for form , 1 star for function : 2 stars total . addendum : i liked the form of these glasses so much that i bought two more at my local coffee house , knowing that if either leaked i could easily return it . neither did , and they 're a pleasure to use . i recommend local , rather than web , purchase
i got this pasta maker as a gift , and after the first use the knob used to set the thickness of the pasta broke off and so did a piece of the handle used to turn the rollers . all it would make after that is a flat piece of pasta with varying thickness . the company is going to charge me to send it to them and back , even if they decide to exchange the product , and all correspondences must be done by mail ( no call-in number ) so i 'm not even hopeful for an exchange
bought the machine , and got the correct flour . made up the dough , and that was a success . followed the instructions , used the vice to hold the machine to the table , then started off by cleaning the machine with a small piece of dough to get rid of machine oil . all that worked well . then i started to make pasta . making the sheets was fine , but as soon as i cut them into noodles it all went wrong . they started to stick together . my wife and i ended up having to work together , flouring the noodles as they came out of the machine to stop them sticking . but the pasta was delicious . i guess it just takes a bit of practice . in future i will leave the dough longer in the fridge to " rest " before rolling it , and have a mini-production line ready to catch and flour the cut noodles . the machine works great , i have no problems with it . it is cheap , it may fall apart , but for this price who really cares ? i ca n't wait to try making my own pasta tricolore . and i want to try lasagne , ravioli and canneloni . that way we can freeze our own pasta for easy re-heating . healthy tv dinners here we come
we purchased this corkscrew as a gift for our daughter . on her first attempt to use it at a holiday dinner party , we found that it required an unreasonable amount of strenghth to uncork a bottle of wine . after contacting amazon.com customer service , our entire $ 39.95 purchase price was refunded in the form of a gift certificate under their extended holiday gift return policy . recently our daughter had an opportunity to use a corkpuller of a similar design . it removed a cork with far less effort . in summary , we offer a rating of 5 stars for our amazon.com buying experience and a rating of 1 star for the metrokane rabbit corkpuller .
does n't work . not worth the postage to return . the foil cutter works , though...so if you want a really expensive foil cutter with a free paper weight , this is for you !
i have to admit that this is not as handy as i hoped . it is big and clumsy and it 's a little too flexable
after me first coffeemaker began leaking- and it was a realtively new proctor-silex 12 cup maker- i decided to try one of these " cute " single serve ones . why , oh why did i purchase this brand ? ? first , it does take around 3-4 minutes to brew a single cup of coffee or tea . this seems like a longer time than most . and now , after 2 or 3 frustrating weeks , it 's leaking just like the old one did . not user error , as the water comes from underneath the coffeemaker . also , the coffee is not coming out as hot either , which causes me to wonder if it 's the heating element.. . even though this one can use loose grounds or pods , it is not worth the frustration ! try a different brand . my sister-in-law has really enjoyed her sensao !
absolutely horrible ! the worst $ 20 i 've every spent . this machine is an absolute waste of money . i have had this machine fore 2 weeks and still have not found a cup small to fit it , they are all either too wide or too tall . a total headache when your rushing out to work
when something says 'white ' i sort of expect to get something close to the colour white . i ordered three of these plates but they are closer to beige . they also have an odd matte finish that made them seem cheaply . however , they are large plates and at this price , probably good for entertaining if you need quite a few . the large ones would be good for holiday meals - those times when you really need extra serving pieces that you do n't use the rest of the year
the tumbler that i have is sold in various places as the '360-degree dribble-proof tumbler ' , i am not sure if that is the same as the jmt401 but on paper the specs and features are the same . it is not a good design for car use . on the plus side i like the no-handle design and it has a small base which should fit most cupholders . on the down side you need 2 hands to twist the lid open or closed . also the 'dribble-proof ' design means that the mug has a very deep lip , and even when it is full you have to tip it far up and into your field of view to get the liquid flowing
looks great in my kitchen but i , too , only use it for shakes & smoothies . it does smell like burning rubber nearly every time . i used to think something was wrong with it and now i just disregard it . and after less than two years or making smoothies , i 'm replacing the blade & gasket assembly .
we have owned this blender for about 3 years . if i had to do it again i definitely would not buy this blender . first , it is very loud . the timer quit working and the band rivets around the jar are rusty . the only things i like about it are that it is easy to clean and the jar is nice and big . other than that do n't waste your time
this is our fourth new blender in the last three years . my wife and i prepare one large smoothie everyday that has no ice , but lots of frozen berries , fresh fruit , etc . nothing else goes in the blender . this blender looked nice and was so heavy it implied quality . it even worked great for a few months . then one day the gear that delivers power from the base to the jar stripped right off . now it is out of warranty . this is not simple to replace since the plastic/rubber piece separated from the steel shaft . we paid close to $ 100 for this thing so spending a couple of hours bringing it to someone who will charge $ 25- $ 50 to repair it seems like throwing good money after bad . this blender,like many others that i will not waste anymore time reviewing , is described as heavy duty , industrial or commercial grade . none-i repeat-none of the ones sold at your retail store are comparable to the better commercial models . save yourself time and money and buy the real commercial models that will last you a lifetime . you can easily find quite a few brands and reviews on the internet . the ones used in restaurants , bars and other food service businesses are constructed to a higher standard and have replaceable parts that are readily available over the internet . be prepared to pay $ 200- $ 500 . for someone who only occasionally will use a blender to make margaritas this may be a very useful blender .
it leaked from the bottom seam the first time i used it . but i guess you get what you pay for .
this was the single worst set i 've ever used . if zero stars would be an option , that 's what i would have chosen . the pot broke before we could even dunk a peice of bread into the cheese . while it was warming on the stand it came with , i heard a sickening crack , so i immediately ( tried ) to take it the pot off the stand . the entire bottom of the pot and split away from the side...and cheese oozed everywhere on my counter top . everything about this set is cheap . the pot ( which was complete junk ) , down to the fondue forks it came with . they where metal with plastic . a complete waste of money . for your wallet 's sake , save your money on this piece of junk and save up for a high quality set .
this item was broken when it was received . it was not packed properly
it 's not made in germany that 's for sure , it 's made in china ( like everything nowdays ) and i was really looking for german quality .
oxo usually makes great things , this sifter does the job , but if you 're making something large be prepared to be there awhile . it 's very slow and after awhile your arm will start to tire . i would not recommend this sifter , just too slow for even making a small batch of cookies .
i have never written an online review for a product before , but i am so annoyed by this dumb sifter that i just had to . i am not a " speed " baker of any sort , but i have four kids and do like to make birthday cakes , muffins , cookies , etc . my old sifter was so old it was getting flecks of rust into the flour , so i started looking for a new one . i chose this one after reading all the online reviews , and even though i saw that a few people found it slow , i was not prepared for how slow it really is ! i just sifted 3 + cups of confectioner 's sugar for cake frosting and it took over five minutes . as another reviewer said , in order to make it go faster i shook more vigorously and then had to keep changing hands because they got tired . ( i have never ever been tired out from baking before , fer ' pete 's sake ! ! ! ) i 'm not convinced that the people who designed this product have ever actually used a sifter . i 'm stuck with the thing now , i suppose , so i 'll learn to just go slower . but it is literally about one tenth the speed of my old sifter - which was just your typical grocery store thing with a crank on one side . the one thing i really like is the caps for both ends - an innovation i 'm surprised nobody else has come up with . but that does n't redeem the product for me . in fact , if i can put my hands on another one of those old-fashioned ones ( at a thrift store , maybe ) i 'll snap it up and put this new one in the goodwill bin .
amazon should discontinue sale of this item as replacement batteries are not readily available
after using this product twice i was extremly disapointed . the drip tray does not catch all the dripping from frying bacon . the grease ends up all over the counter and melting the base unit that the drip tray fits in . you would think wolfgang puck would try this product under all conditions to make sure it is enginered corectly . my counters are level so this is not an issue . i am a dissatisfied customer .
i purchased this item from a well known home shopping tv show . after 4 months , it 's no longer working . also , it is advertised as being able to be put into the diswasher . i have an average size diswasher and it does not fit ! ! i have contacted the manufacturer and will return it for repair or replacement ! note , when it worked it was great ! i mainly purchased it for the reversable grill
item was not the one ordered , i returned it and the reolacement you sent was also incorrect . i returned this second item for credit . you had placed your sticker with bar code over the manufacture 's bar code and your label was incorrect . i hope you correct your error before you send several custmers the wrong ite
i bake a lot of cookies . i love my mixer but and concerned and disappointed in this piece of equipment . it peels and chips constantly and those pieces of plastic paint mysteriously disappear into ? ? ? ? ? ? ? how can they sell this type of faulty equipment
i bought this product thinking that it would be better than the cordless spotlifter that i had previously owned . the " powerbrush " just grinds in the spot and water flow required to loosen the stain must be hand pumped a little squirt or more accurately a dribble at a time . the prevoius cordless spotlifter pumped large amounts of water under pressure and made the clean up much easier . also the suction is lousy compaired to the old cordless version . once the spot is wet and loosened there is not sufficient suction to pick up the water . i 'm sorry i bought this product . it does a very poor job
there 's hardly any suction . i applied a full tank of cleaner on the carpet ( which requires a little effort one squirt at a time ) , but it only sucked up a few drops of it . customer service was helpful and had me return the product
the slow cooker worked well the first time i used it . the second time , the light turned on , but it never heated up . i was disappointed , because the size was perfect for me . i 'll try another brand
i have had these for about 4 months ( i own every size made ) , purchased to go with the other kitchenaid pieces ( in red ) . it is impossible to get these white again after using them to cut cheese , carrots or anything with any natural coloring in it . i have tried cleansers with bleach , sprays with bleach and , in desperation , straight bleach ! scrubbing does n't work either . i finally got some wood cutting boards and wish i still had my so attractive other ones on the counter .
i 'm surprised you requested this review because i returned the item . they were just what i wanted , color and all , but when i tried to put the dinner plates in the dishwasher they only fit if i placed them using two spaces . this reduced the dishwasher capacity . next problem surfaced when the same dinner dishes did n't fit in my standard sized kitchen cabinet
i bought a haier rtc1700ss oven from amazon about a month ago . i am still waiting for a replacement from haier because the trays & spit did not fit . i hope by this summer i will know what it 's like to cook on a con- vection oven . i 'll let you know if i ever get a chance to use the one i 've already paid for
i bought one and the plate that diffused the air was off center so it baked unevenly . i called and was told it was a defect and would do a warranty exchange . i was under the impression they would send it out but when i called , i was told i was supposed to send in $ 14.95 for shipping or i could give them a charge card and they would charge it again to ship out a new one and credit when i returned it . the new unit i received has had problems with the digital timer displaying the timer but rather than to have a short so rat her than do the return thing again i just used a manual timer . it baked a bit more evenly and was fast but still needed to rotate pans . i just recently had a power spike that took out all electronics plugged in , including the oven but i doubt i will reorder this product . too unpredictible .
beautiful to look at , but , i agree with other reviewers that buttons are difficult to operate and do n't even work sometimes , plus be prepared to change batteries every few months--ridiculous for something that uses two lithium batteries and is not in heavy , or even everyday use
i have this scraper and after just a few uses , it fell apart at the connection in the center . normally , i rave about kitchenaid , but this product was truly a disappointment
i have several other silicone spatulas , and this kitchenaid scraper is , by far , the worst i 've used . most silicone scrapers are soft and flexible , but this one is very stiff and rigid , so you can not scrape containers out very well at all . honestly , it does n't even appear to be made of silicone . cheap grocery store spatulas work much better than this one . very disappointing
when this arrived i was very pleased with its quality-color-packaging -everything.only problems is that after a short time using the plates i noticed scratch marks-dark ones in the center of the plates-i would guess from where people used their dinner knives to cut their food--very disappointing-as i was ready to buy the entire collection-glad i waited .
i bought this because it had such good reviews.. . i got one and used it a few times perfectly without problems . until it blew up in the microwave . yep , blew up . now im sure i did everything as i was meant to.. so i really am being objective about this review. .  what can i say ? this was my experience , ive decided to buy a more reliable egg cooker which does not involve the microwave. .
i found this product cumbersome , and the instructions for assembly , battery replacement , etc . were not very clear . the vacuum did n't hold a charge well , and it was hard to remove the batteries for replacement . i finally gave up altogether and bought a different product
i bought this and some other pans in the set . very disappointed . i have a glass cooktop , and when the pans heat up , they warp . then return to their normal shape when they cool down . guess i got what i paid for
the battery is way below standard , extremely disappointing . it 's cheaper to buy another machine than to replace it
this product stands up to heavy use without fraying or melting . my only complaint , and it 's a significant one , is the shape of the handle . i find it awkward and clunky . it 's probably great for people with larger hands . i 've decided to replace mine with cheaper ones .
the handle is big , bulky and heavier than need be . it 's like picking up a hammer
i must begin by saying my kitchen is 100 % kitchenaid in empire red . i adore their gadgets and utencils...and then i came across this egg slicer . a good egg slicer is hard to find , and to find one matching my set..needless to say i was excited . but the first time i tried it , the wires simply popped out . it takes very little pressure to slice a hardboiled egg , but this poor slicer could n't take it  i am very surprised , considering the high quality of the other products that i own . i am on a hunt for another red egg slicer
i bought one of these because i think that the idea of a slicer is good . supposed to work with soft cheese , eggs , mushrooms and other soft items . the first time i used it i decided to try it with mushrooms and on the third mushroom the cutting wires broke . i would have returned it but for the price did n't think it was worth the trouble . so i just tossed it . maybe mine was defective but i doubt it
buyer beware ! i agree with the other reviews , these plates are beautiful ! great size and shape . however , i used them for the first time last night at a dinner party and the bottoms of the plates and cups are so rough they scratched my solid oak , espresso stained table ! each place a cup or plate was set that was n't on a placemat there were small scratches left behind . if you always use a table cloth or have a granite or stone table they would be fine , but i would n't ever put them on a quality wood table again . fortunately amazon makes returning easy
we like the features and performance of this oven quite a bit . we bought it to replace a regular old toaster oven . the t-fal toasts very evenly and i can fit a whole frozen pizza in it ! the bad part is that after about 2 weeks of service , the controls work only very intermittently . this means that all functions behave at their default settings--no temperature or time adjustments . luckily , the default setting for toast is just barely on the brown side for us , still edible . it 's annoying to have what is otherwise a fine oven so befouled by unusable controls . it would have received a 5 .
this brews great coffee ; unfortunately i have gone through 2 of these in 3 years . not heavy use either . on my first one it started to leak the water from the bottom , and now my second one does n't grind anymore . still makes a good hot cup of coffee thou
my knives started to rust after 3wks of use . i did n't put them in the dishwasher either . i just leave them in the sink w/the dirty dishes till i 'm ready to wash . but that should n't be the problem . i have a cheap $ 3 butcher 's knife from chinatown that has n't rusted yet and i treat that one the same
i used this dough blender for not even 6 months , and the handle snapped ! ( mind you , i am not a pastry chef , so i was not using it everyday . i used it a handful of times . ) i understand it has a 5 year warrenty , so i will try to get it replaced . i have to say that it worked great before it broke
i am an avid cook and baker . i used this unit twice and it broke after the 2nd useage . i found it to be very slow ; the charge did n't last long so i had to keep it plugged in . the dough had to be very very soft in order for the press to produce the cookies . i am very disappointed that such an expensive item would operate so poorly
i was really looking forward to receiving this , but four weeks after purchasing online , i received an email from amazon saying they did not have a supplier for my purchase ! i am disappointed in amazon . how can you sell something you do not have
i have to echo some of the other customers ' negative sentiments below - this thing never really worked well . recently i noticed it had completely died ; i think i used it all of 6 times . there have to be better models out there - i would n't recommend this one
my rack came with pieces warped , one screw and most screw holes missing . wood split as i was putting it together . used it once for drying pasta , then once for kindling . hope you have better luck
this blender is very weak . it has a small blade that can not pull down anything of substance and i had to stir even soft fruit in liquid or it would never get cut up -- just the bottom part of the mix spins around . i used this blender four times since august 2006 ( when i bought it ) to make 'smoothies ' , always with poor results . as the other reviewer said , the fruit stays lumpy . the little blades are n't strong enough . yesterday i wanted to liquify some cooked potatoes for soup . of course they are thick and starchy , but after the usual 'stirring ' to get them to move through the blender , the speed buttons started to vibrate and i could smell the unit getting hot . i was n't overworking it -- mainly pulsing and then running it for about 30 seconds . all of a sudden , it would n't work any more . it just burned out . if you actually cook and expect a blender to blend things , do n't buy this blender . i 'm going to see if amazon will take it back . ( note : after i wrote this , i was told by amazon that i had to get in touch with the manufacturer , which i could do because it was within 90 days of purchase . however , the company wants me to mail in the plug and $ 5 for 'shipping ' to get a replacement , which obviously i do n't want . why would i want to pay $ 5 more for a product that did n't work the first time ? why would i want the product again at all ? amazon would have taken it back , but they wanted it returned in the box , which i threw out . i 'm even more dissatisfied with this product now than when i wrote this review originally . maybe i can make it into an interesting planter and sell it at a craft fair . . .
i suppose this will actually peel garlic , if you use it just right . never , ever , ever get it wet . it will not work . also , you must trim off both ends of the garlic , or it wo n't peel . and then , i still have to hand peel some of the more stubborn pieces . it 's just not worth the money . if you look around , you can find much cheaper garlic peelers out there.....buy them !
owned four diffrent styles . all of them worked ok but ! ! ! the pitchers cracked , all of them ! ! ! ! my last new mr. coffee pitchers lasted 3 months and cracked ( tea went all over the counter and floor ) if you just make tea once in a while it may be ok but i make 3 pitcher 's a day with three tea makers sitting in the kithen on a old compter desk . the hamilton beach has lasted 5 years with only one pitcher,it works good i 'm ordering 2 more to replace the 2 mr coffee because all my pitchers cracked . i know most people do n't drink that much,but i do .
i bought this teapot from amazon in 2005 and used it numerous times . the material is great , heat retention is good , it looks very nice , and i had no problems cleaning it ( i use a babybottle brush ) . the tea infuser is not very effective though . the holes are a bit on the large side , so any broken bits from whole tea leaves can still pass through . and the infuser is too small for my taste to allow proper steeping of all the tea leaves , especially when i 'm not planning to fill the pot to the brim ( it does n't extend deep enough ) . so i do n't use it at all ( i put the leaves directly into the pot and use a strainer as i pour ) . however , my biggest gripe is that the spout does tend to dribble after you pour . so you have drops of tea trickling from the spout to the bottom in between pours , ending up with a wet spot on your table/counter . i have to make sure i either wipe the spout in between pours , or set it on a dishtowel/paper napkin ( unless i 'm planning to pour tea to multiple cups in one session ) . i found that pretty annoying . so in conclusion , for the price i paid for this teapot 's supposedly wonderful features , i do n't think it was a good buy .
yes , it is pretty . no , it is not a good teapot . i have made tea for over 40 years , in all sorts of pots , and this is right up there with the worst . it drips a lot ! perhaps those who think it does not drip were just looking at the spout . and no , it does not drip from the spout . rather , lots of tea runs down the underside of the spout and ends in a big puddle under the pot . this happens with both fast and slow pouring , with full and near empty pots . this teapot will most likely have to become a pretty red flowerpot . just too much mopping up
this is not aubergine , a dark purple like the color of eggplant skin , but it is a light , bright purple . sitting on my kitchen countertop , it is a very formidable sight first thing in the morning ; glowing , shimmering in kitchen flourescent lighting . caveat emptor , unless you 're color blind or really like bright purple
we love this machine , but it continually breaks down . the plastic parts are too brittle for the pressure that this pasta maker places on them . we have waited many times for parts , and we have waited too long on the service line needing help . look for another machine that uses steel or metal parts that wo n't crack , chip or snap when making the machines pasta recipes . best to you
i sent it back because the shaft that was supposed to fit down through a hole did n't , no matter how i considered the matter , so never tried it , sent it back , asked for a refund . : - (
took what i thought would be a nice set of sheets to my place in costa rica and have slept in wrinkles ever since . hard to maintain , color is not vivid and am overall disappointed with this 600 thread count sheet set .
you can buy this at walmart for $ 78.00 . the seller here is charging $ 89.00 plus $ 26.00 shipping . you can buy here for 115.00 or go to walmart and get it for 78.00 . also , seller misquoted price on this item and when he realized this he cancelled my order through amazon.will not buy from this seller again.this new seller who sells on ebay also is not getting off to a very good start
i thought " kitchenaid " this has to be a keeper . i was wrong . the handles are much too heavy . there 's too much give with the spatulas . i find the utensils to be too bulky and uncomfortable . i 'll stick to my other much cheaper temperature regulated utensils
i bought this box about 4 months ago and stopped using it about 2 months ago . it turned out to be more work than just a regular box . at least you can wash out a regular box and start over clean . good luck with completely cleaning all the poo crumbs from the sliding track and cheap gears . it gets to be a disgusting affair , more than with a regular box . as other reviews said the rake only goes over the top half of the litter so there 's tons of sticky cement left at the bottom which you have to manually scrape out . it was often unable to push the clumps into the bin . so it would just very noisily push until it got stuck , back up , and then start over again like 10 times in a row . when it does get clumps into the bin , it also pushes tons of litter through the crack between the bin and the box and then you 're left with a huge pile of litter underneath the box . to clean it , you have to take it apart . the top part houses a computer so you ca n't soak it which means there 's poo always stuck in the crevices . ever see office space ? at the end of two months i was ready to bring this thing out in a field and bash it with a sledgehammer . now we 're looking for another box . currently , we are just using the plastic box from the littermaid without the rake , etc . this is my worst investment to date .
the professional label on this product is a big misnomer . ask frequent sewers and quilters what they hated the most about the last iron they replaced and they will almost invariably refer to leaking and the auto-shutoff feature if present . typically , they press seams as a batch and go back to sewing... only to return to a iron that has shut off and requires a reheating cycle . the auto-shutoff on this model makes it poorly suited for the sewing room where the 'professional ' label should apply . this ( and other ) rowenta iron produces good steam and can burst steam to a certain extent . however , usually between 6 months and 1.5 yrs , rowentas begin to drip . the valve design just does n't hold up to water hardness that long . failure number two . for garment sewers and quilters , a professional system with a separate water boiler ( tank ) works far better : * wo n't shut off on you * since the iron does n't make the steam ( the boiler does ) , the sole does n't have the 'hot spot ' where household irons drip the water to make steam , which tends to scorch fabrics * true professional models have a thicker sole which will maintain a more even temperature ( still without the hot spot )  i teach sewing classes ( garment , home dec , totes , etc . ) and have completely walked away from household iron designs like this one . you will not see this type of iron in a commercial workshop . noone there would have the time to wait for the iron to get hot again every time you 've been away from it . this iron is a better than average housesold model , designed for 'ironing ' your laundry and not for pressing in a sewing room . for general ironing duty ( like laundry ) , check out the t-fal 1759 ultraglide diffusion iron for about half the price . my t-fal irons ( i 've had 2 ) have outlasted my rowenta iron , with just as good a performance and with the advantage of the ultraglide sole , a ceramic-like sole coating that does not scratch , even over metal zippers ( the stainless steal sole on the rowenta will scratch over metal zipper )  rating this ( and similar ) rowenta as a conventional household iron : performance 5 durability 3 ( before it begins dripping )  as a sewing room iron : 2  overall rating : 2 ( because they label the product as professional , where it fails to the task )  p.s . : for any household iron , be sure to empty the water tank after use to prolong the life of your iron . leaving water in the tank leads to premature wear of valves and seals
i had been looking for egg rings ( without knowing what such a thing was actually called ) for a long time before i happened upon these babies . as soon as i saw them i knew they were exactly what i had been looking for and ordered them on the spot . unfortunately , my glee turned sour when i tried to use my new egg rings . a lot of people report they have n't had a problem with sticking , but that is not consistant with my experience . eggs stick to virtually everything , and these rings are no exception . trying to remove the ring and flip the egg is a pain , usually i flip the ring and the egg flips with it , and then i have to cut the egg away from the ring so it falls down to the pan
well , it started off a fairytale . this small vacuum has a lot of power . unfortunatley , i think i have permanant hearing damage from the volume of this vacuum . it is extremely loud , it terrified my pets and i had ringing in my ears after using it . it worked very well for about 6 months and then pooped out on me . i 'm not sure if the motor gave out or what , but the suction does n't work even though the brushes still spin . the filter is a pain ! i run a rabbit rescue and deal with a lot of pet hair , it just clogs up way to fast . if you have a small apartment with merely area rugs , this might be ok , just make sure you buy some ear plugs . yikes .
this egg slicer would seem to be a smart design since it will do slices and wedges . however , the wires consistently get snagged in the slots and break . also , it does not accomodate jumbo eggs well .
the way specifications were mentioned it sounded a good deal , and price comparision made it more real , but after getting the item i found that it 's true : low price , low quality... do n't fall for this deal . i am disappointed
this product is junk . i like most oxo products but this one is poorly designed . the hadle is spot welded and can not hold any weight . my second one broke after shaking the remains of a stock out . do not buy this product ! ! !
i 've used these type of units all the time until i got my own . it stopped sealing , and i have n't had a chance to use up the bags that came with it ! when i called , they said it was probably the heat tape that went bad and they ca n't fix it . they offered to sell me a new one though ! i have no idea where my receipt is ( my fault ) . i have to have another one , so i 'm going to buy the cheapest one so i do n't feel so bad when i have to replace it in 6 months to a year
when i received my set of mini springform pans i was very excited . i could n't wait to get started on some wonderful deserts . and as expected the results were great . only after the first washing did the problems reveal themselves . not only did i notice rust on the release hinges , but the rims on the collars were warped . at first i thought i could live with this , but a friend pointed out it could only get worse . i am used to purchasing top quality kitchen equipment , but these definitely do not make the grade . admitedly the results of my first time use were great , but i just do n't feel these pans will last . i hate buying something and knowing i will have to replace it soon . and that is exactly the way i felt with these pans
i purchased this after looking at all of the reviews . what a mistake ! after using this to cook single cup servings of several types of rice , there was one thing in common - a huge mess . even after rinsing the raw rice several times , the unit still spatters out to about a two foot radius . i may try it with a wet dish towel on top to contain the mess , or i may just stick it in the basement and forget about it
this carafe keeps beverages warm enough . the problem i 'm having is the push button on the lid sticking in the open position . the instructions that accompanied the carafe address this issue , although they were written for a different model that has the push button on the top of the lid . despite following these instructions the push button still sticks . to get the lid to close now after i 'm done pouring i have to release the button and smack the top of the carafe . very poor design in my opinion . i would n't buy another zojirushi product based on this experience .
simply put , it does n't work . well , perhaps it can work on some types of fabrics/garments in very specific ( or limited ) situations , but it did n't work on mine . you ca n't manage to get a continuous flow of steam , even if you keep on pumping the button frequently ( what it does n't support , as a matter of fact , because there 's a limit of bursts of steam it can shoot out in a row before " reloading " ) . i returned it to seller ( brand variety , that refunded me without problems , no question asked ) . not recommended
i have purchased this item twice . the first barely made it through a grill season and the second proved even less hearty . the grill gets too hot for the wire and it burns through leaving two pices of probe wire . there is no way to use this with a grill and get sustained use from it . the same is true of all brands.. models sold as " wireless " are not wireless in terms of going from the meat to outside of the grill . somebody needs to figure out how to make this tool without the probe wire . that said , before it becomes useless , it works really well . maybe the idea is to buy these by the case ?
i 've had 4 or 5 of these thermometers over the years and when they work they are great . but inevitably the probes fail . you will think its your fault and probably buy a new one . but the reviews show that the probes are not up to the temperature extremes they will be subjected to in a grill or an oven . one solution i 've tried that works pretty well , is to keep your receipt , and when the probe fails , take it back where you bought it for a replacement .
while it worked , it worked great . but then it stopped working . only 10 months of use . ordered a new probe , but that did n't work . now , it 's just an expensive timer . would 've received three stars , but the polder site and service not helpful . will try the taylor model , good luck with analog taylor thermometers . once you get used to these types of thermometers , it 's hard to go back . the precision in cooking , especially for chicken and pork , can make a big difference
i purchased this wok for my husband 's christmas present . it was lovely , we cooked two meals in it christmas day . nice heat transfer , beautiful on the table ( but big ) . that night , he noticed the handle was cracked where it meets the pan . it 's considerably narrower than the normal le creuset handle . back it went to williams sonoma , where there were a few other l.c . woks with similar cracks ! phooey to you , le creuset . i wish i could find another glass lidded joyce chen wok - my old one was the best , before it was dropped one too many times
we received 3 sets of this for a wedding present . i really liked how the polished silver shined and how they felt in your hand . however , after just one wash there were quite a few that had rust spots . after two more washes the rust got worse . these are supposed to be dishwasher safe ! there are recommendations to hand wash these and dry them , but who has the time for that these days ? despite the apeal of the set , we decided to try something else . it 's a shame because it 's such a pretty set ( before the wash of course ! ) .
i bought two sets of these about 4 months ago . after the first time in the dishwasher i noticed little tarnish/rusty looking spots . they rubbed off fairly easily , but as time has gone by , they are looking very bad . tonight while eating , i got a sliver in my finger from the fork ! i have never had a piece of flatware peel . i 'm going back to my old flatware . sure glad i saved it ! do n't buy this junk
true , these sheets do get rather wrinkled in the wash , however , that is n't my concern...... . the description states that these sheets will fit a mattress up to 14 inches thick . my pillowtop mattress is about 11 inches thick and these sheets do n't fit ! i washed them in cold water and used the lowest dryer setting . what a pain
this press does n't seem to work well . the top browns much more quickly than the bottom . clean up is n't all that easy . i was surprised by how small the grill surface was
we had this machine at work and made maybe 6 cups a day on a busy day . within a month the machine broke - keurig did replace it right away but then the second broke as well ( a co worker bought one for his home and had the same problem ! ! ) . they gave us an upgrade on the model and this one is still going . the coffee was good but the tea was not . most importantly people is it is wasteful . with little plastic cups filling up the garbage , and in our case two machines in the dump . come on people lets have some conscious comsumerism and slow down . what ever happened to putting the coffee in a paper filter and pouring hot water over it and letting the fragrance wrap around you . if you are that busy and needy for coffee instantly maybe you should be looking at the job ads or self help books and not over priced hunks of wasteful plastic for greedy americans
i bought this pan because it was non-stick , plus it had the air cushion between the layer of steel . i bake my usual brownies and cookies and they all stuck to the pan . it stuck more than my glass pyrex casserole pans . it was not easy to get it off , i had to scrape it off and it took time and a bit of muscle . definitely not non-stick . the air cusion works from preventing the bottom of the cookies from overbrowning , which is not exactly a great idea since the top of the cookie become significantly more brown than the bottom of the cookie , which sometimes is moist and not quite holding the cookie together . on the up side , this pan does n't warp if you are baking at 350 degrees of below . i am returning this item , i wanted non-stick and this definitel was not .
we just replaced our entire kitchen dishware with the sango brown - mistake...even bought the added pieces...well , we only hand wash them ( we have a dishwasher but rarely use it ) . in the first week , a plate broke in half right down the middle...then a week later , a second...and tonight , a third..all three directly down the middle of the plate while hand washing.. ( not rough washing either ) . i have a call into sango and hopefully they will resolve it . after reading the reviews here , i would have to agree that its not worth the danger of broken dishes ( my wife sliced her finger pretty good on the second broken one ) to buy these . i am going to try to find a set that will go with all the extras i bought from sango..i am hoping i do n't have to replace everything ! what a mess ! sango , why cut corners on such a beautiful set ? ? im at a loss here to figure out that business logic
i was disappointed with the spatula . it is too flexible and too large for my hand . my husband thought the size was okay but he too thought it was too flexible . it reminded me of a diving board
these sheets are not quality . they are no way equal to the value that the seller has assigned to them . the jersey material is very thin and the construction technique is inferior . they are not a bargain
i agree these sheets are horrible.. i should have know better. . i have the same issues as every one else does. . i dont know what will happen after the second wash. . they will proably fit the crib. .  dont waste your money
i wish it was possible to give less than 1 star ! went through dishwasher once , came out rust ! save your money....or your packaging ! i thought chicago cutlery ; how can i go wrong ? so out the packaging went ! i called chicago cutlery . turns out some of their stuff is now made in china . would n't that make it china cutlery ?
i was very pleased with the le creuset baking dishes i have ( i have the poterie 10 " x 13 " deep dish baker , 14 " oval baker , and 9 " square dishes as well as this one ) . however , my 12 " dish just cracked down the middle while i was cooking a pork roast in it at 425 degrees . it had only been in the oven about 45 minutes . i am sorely disappointed and now i am wondering if i wasted my money on the others . i have only had it for about 2 1/2 months
i have owned this breadman for one year . i make between one and two loafs of bread per week . mostly whole wheat bread . i purchased the 900s because my previous machine was a breadman and it performed well ( 8 years ) . pros : it makes a good loaf of bread . good selection of cycles . loaf is easy to extract from the pan . cons : the motor is not very powerful . it lugs down when making whole wheat bread . after 7 months of operation the teflon wore off the mixing paddle . at 11 months the bearing failed in the mixing pan . overall i am disappointed in this bread machine and i could not recommend it
not sure how other people have been able to make a real loaf of bread with this , but i certainly could not . i made three attempts , all failures for various reasons . either it did not mix , or the dough was so hard it knocked the pan off its base , or it created pebbles of dough . it definitely can not be left unattended , which defeats the purpose of delay start . it bakes ok though , but you better do all the upfront work yourself . ps . i was using the recipes that come with the maker
we liked the idea that the caraffe did n't need to be heated from below... a big plus with this unit . but.... we have had some serious problems with the filter backing up and the water leaking over the top of it everywhere on the counter . a flood of coffee . we thought that it might be the filter holes were clogged... so we made sure they were rinsed out well and could easily flow a stream through them . but then we had a flood again on the counter . so we thought that maybe our filters were'nt good... so we bought other ones . and them we had another big flood of coffee ( this has proven to be very staining to our white grouting ) . so we thought perhaps we were grinding our coffee too fine and it was packing down too tight.... so we ground it coarser... and yet , another dang flood . we have followed the instructions perfectly... and still these overflows . so now we are ticked... we have never had this headache with a coffee maker before.... and all we want is some coffee in the morning . so we 're going to try and return the stupid thing ( our reciept and box are long gone ) . sure hope we can get an exchange... and certainly not another one of these . oh... and the mugs that come with it do n't have handles on them like the ones in the picture do
from the start , it was apparent that the temperature displayed was 5 or 6 degrees higher than two other digital thermometers i had in the same room . so i followed the calibration instructions and was only able to get the display to read 34.1 degrees in a 32 degree solution... ok , so i can live with 2.1 degree inaccuracy . after calibrating , the room temperature was also only off by about 2 degrees . however , i decided to test it in boiling water and the display read 193 degrees ( water boils at 212f ) . so , if you are counting on this thermometer to tell you anything important ( such as if your meat is cooked suffiently or if your beer water is the right temperature for steeping ) , i would make sure it is accurate at the temperature of interest before using... or avoid it all together , which i wish i had done
in defense of amazon.com , the pan was not damaged during shipping . it appears that the nonstick surface has been gouged on both pans . i just got a refund . poor quality . do n't waste your time
i wish i 'd read the previous reviews ! i ordered this for $ 14.99 as a &quot ; bottom of the page special&quot ; and it 's going back . it is not two inches thick as described , but 3/4&quot ; . what a disappointment ! and now i see that the regular price has been changed from $ 25 to $ 40 . yikes ! do n't bother. .
all four glasses arrived broken . they are not packed for shipment . i have tried three times to get amazon to refund my money but i have had no luck . heed the warnings
now , i love the idea of having a chrome tub caddy until 2 months into having it , it begain to rust . then the candle holder & the wine glass holder rusted off ! ! ! i am now on the looking out for a plastic covered tub caddy . a caddy is awesome to have but not in chrome ! !
i bought three of these when i saw them in a local store , thinking them a great deal . they look like the equivalent of the henckels , solid and sturdy , at one-fifth the price . looks can be deceiving . they are suitable for paper , skin , aluminum foil , etc. , but do not try them on anything more substantial , like chicken leg bones . i broke these on items that i routinely cut through with my henckels and wusthof shears . the cost of sending them back under warranty was about the purchase cost , so i tossed out all three pairs . sorry , chicago cutlery , but if you are selling office scissors , label them that way . i expect kitchen shears to be a lot tougher , so i ca n't mark these more than one star . chicago cutlery makes a pair of scissors called the insignia series , for only about $ 2-3 more . i suggest potential buyers look into these , or spring for the more expensive german brands
this product is sick ! if you get a " delight " out of seeing an fish hung like a christmas decoration in a ball that is way too small too live in your sick ! plus a nightlight ? try sleeping w/ no eyelids w/ a light over your head . fish sleep too , but they cant close their eyes . there does not even seem to be much air space above the water . it 's the same problem with those silly bowls with the plants on top . they breath oxygen and sufficate witout fresh air . get at least a five gal . tank and do n't waste your $ on this cheap fad product . bettas are so smart , fun and sociable and desarve just as much respect as all of our fellow pets and humans
this mixer is so weak it could n't mix air . it 's horribly under powered . seriously , it bogs down mixing mashed potatoes , and i 'm talking instant mashed potatoes ! and mix protein drinks ? ? forget about it . it leaves clumps because it does n't spin fast enough . i 'd do better twirling my finger in the glass . consider using a spoon over using this contraption , and $ 20 will buy a lot of spoons . or get a real mixer and leave it somewhere handy - same convience but it will actually work . if you do n't believe me and the others here warning you , go ahead and throw your money away on it , and then you 'll wind up here adding your own warning to others . consider yourself warned
i agree with the other reviewers ; had the machine for a couple weeks , after 5 uses the machine did n't sit right on the base , causing the teeth between the base and the container to grind a bit . after that , it was all downhill . the base teeth were completely ground down within 2 uses . interestingly , the new back to basics smoothie machines seem to have a better locking mechanism , and teeth that seem to be made of more durabe material
i had this machine for about 3 years with no issues . but , how often do most people use their machine ? i used it maybe 15 to 20 times . i went to use it yesterday and all of a sudden i see smoke and the bottom of the machine and that funny electric smell ( we all know what that smell means ) the plastic bottom of the base stuck to the machine and margarita 's were everywhere ( except in my glass ) . we had to throw the whole machine out . now i will be buying a new machine , being that i enjoyed the convenience of the spout but if i ca n't find one thats non plastic i will use my blender . the smoothie maker makes less of a mess for drinks , a blender always doesnt pour as nice . i will not buy another plastic model again . ( i believe this one was a gift to me ) do yourselfs a favor and spend the extra cash on a metal version or even glass if this exists , obviously the motor does n't last long and the plastic parts break to fast according to other reviews i 've read .
i bought the back to basics 600 smoothie maker about 6 months agos . i was pleased with it until the plastic toggle on the spout broke . it is made of plastic and apparently could not withstand the tension on the plug . i was very disappointed since i use it every morning but thought it would last longer . i will look for a better quality one next time
i am a quilter and was looking for a good hot iron and lots of steam . i also hate the auto- shut off . well i thought i had found it . the perfect iron for my needs . well after only one days use it is put away for someone else to use i was very disapointed in the iron it spits water and boy do i mean spit my ironing board cover was wet . my fabric continued to to roll under the iron , the surface is not smooth and seems to grap the fabric . not what i was looking for at all i would not recommend this iron
i have had this iron for awhile now . the big problem is that gunk builds up on the soleplate that is almost impossible to get off . except when you iron white shirts , when it seems to rub off of the collar and seams , permanently staining and thus ruining your shirts . avoid this iron at all costs
i was very disappointed with the cookie maker plus and i believe i bought a defective product . the picture on the front of the box shows the person 's hand on the big button to make cookies , i had to use the small button at the top to get it to work and the big button to retract the plunger . i have used the cookie maker plus 4 times... twice to make twice baked potatoes , once to make candy but the 4th time i used their recipe for classic spritz cookies the machine died after 16 cookies . i switched the batteries and it produced 2 more cookies , then died again . i finished the batch by rolling them out and using a cookie cutter . the cookie master plus could use major inprovement . do n't waste your money .
this is horrible.....as stated by the other reviews ! ! ! do not waste your money or time ! ! ! my husband and i tried for several hours to get this to work , we let the dough come to room temperature , and still it would not work !
if you 're in the market for a used nissan coffee mug , then step right up and order from amazon.com ! so you 're probably thinking , yes , maybe i would like a used coffee mug . how about a used coffee mug with dried , brown coffee stains still in it...and how about with the fresh aroma of a...what does that smell like , ah , vanilla latte i believe it is . if you 're still interested , continue ordering , but be advised as customer service will be unwilling to compensate you for any issues you may have with receiving a dirty mug in the mail . i think nissan stainless makes a nice product , but i would suggest ordering from somewhere else ! ! ! hip , hip , boooooo
i 've had two of these break on me now after normal use ; the hinge gives way during the " cleaning " process
although this is a nice looking product , and it lives up to the 'good grip ' promise , i went back to the company twice for a new one after the metal broke apart at the stress point ( the hinge ) . i will say that oxo stood behind their product , shipping out a new one with no fuss . but after getting two replacements , and seeing the third break in exactly the same place , i 'm done .
my kitchen is entirely kitchenaid , so i was very excited when kitchenaid released their silicone bakeware line . i love the color and the way they clean up very nicely . i also love that they do not get scratched or clank around in my cupboards . however , i have noticed that when i bake in these , i can smell the silicone . it even dominates over the smell of the cake or bread that i am making ! i have also noticed ( especially with this bread pan ) that the silicone gives your dessert a slight silicone taste . i own the muffin pans , so i use paper baking cups to prevent this from happening , but with the loaf pan , there is no way around it .
cup leaks out of the top closure part . i need one that does not leak at all , most of the time my hands are full and it 's a balancing act . very disappointed for this amount of money it is not worth the aggravation
i am writing this to warn all of you cooks and bakers at home , that like me , prefer real commercial equipment in your kitchen . anything less is just a toy . i had purchased the waring pro 1500 convection oven thinking this would be a quality convection oven to replace a farberware convection oven that i have had for over 10 years and just plain wore out . i ordered the waring pro 1500 from a catalog/online store other than amazon , i do n't know if it is legal to say , but it does have the word chef 's in it . i was so excited to get it ! i opened the box , set it up , and was so disappointed . it was made so poorly i was just sick . the stainless steel top was not smoothed out , the oven door was installed so crooked it scraped the metal off of the side of the controls , and it had been dropped or something before packing because the feet were up inside of the thing , and the top was bent down . the shipping packaging was fine , there was no broken packing and the box was fine . ok , so i sent that one back , got a replacement thanks to the wonderful customer service at the online store , and opened the second one , same thing ! ! i was so devastated , that i decided to give it a shot anyhow . while cooking with it , the door had such a bad seal that it just steamed out the front , sides and bottom . i was amazed that there could be such shoddy workmanship out there on what was being advertised as commercial quality . ok , so oven number two went back , and i tried one more , what the heck three strikes you are out right ? right ! ! finally oven number three came and it was put together so much better , seal looked good , top and feet looked good , so i decided to give it a whirl . once again , huge disappointment . the convection fan goes on and off with the burner coils . thus not giving the cooking cycle a true convection . i called waring customer service and it was confirmed by engineering that they designed the fan to come on and off with the coils . bad design ! it took longer to bake cookies in there than it would my regular oven , and then they were hard and dry . i rotisseried a chicken and it took over 1 and a half hours and when i cut it , the skin was soggy , not crisp , and it was n't cooked all the way through after 90 minutes ! the thing popped ( sounded like it was going to blow up ) every time it heated up because they riveted the rack holders in there so tight , also making it nearly impossible to go from racks to using baking trays . ok , that was it ! ! after extensive internet research , i finally found a convection oven that is truly a commercial oven made for residential use , and exchanged it with the wonderful catalog/online store mentioned before and got the cadco commercial ( and i do mean commercial ) half size convection oven model number ov-350 and have used it many times since it 's arrival and absolutely love it ! ! i know it is twice the price , but as usual , you get what you pay for . there is a smaller size version of the cadco/broilking oven that is quarter size , for people that do not need to bake huge quantities like me , that is the same price as the waring pro . please people , if you are at all a person that demands quality in your kitchen , do not waste your time on the waring pro , just skip right to the real commercial stuff and save yourself some major stress ! ! thanks again to the wonderful customer service at the aforementioned catalong/online company for not making me be stuck with the worthless waring pro 1500 ! ! go for the cadco !
we never even plugged this sucker in . i wanted a countertop convection oven that would accomodate a pizza or 9 x 13 pan , and this unit was supposed to do that . what none of the product decscriptions mentioned is that this " countertop " unit should not be used underneath a cupboard . do n't most kitchen countertops have a cupboard over them ? also not mentioned is that the unit required a 4 " clearance on the sides : so whatever the dimensions of the unit are , you need to add 8 " . i 'm sending this monster back and getting something smaller
unfortunately , if you have an older gas oven like we do , the temperature of your oven may actually be higher than the temperature at which you set it on the dial . this led to problems determining a safe temperature in which to use the trays . we were all hesitant to eat the muffins i 'd made because of the chemical/plastic smell . i 'm back to using foil muffin cups on a cookie sheet
the fs150 food slicer is fine for very light duty work such as cheese or lunch meats providing you do n't push this unit too hard or use it too frequently . ours lasted a year and a half of very occasional use before it burned out . the two biggest drawbacks are the sliding rail and the motor/gear train . first the slider is simply a cheap plastic bushing on a metal rod that tends to bind up fairly quickly . we found that a little olive oil wiped on to the rod kept things moving well enough but it needs to be treated every time you use the slicer and then cleaned afterwards . food grade teflon or silicone spray did not seem to work as well as the olive oil . the big problem with this unit is the motor/gear train that drives the slicing wheel . the drive gear is plastic and will not tolerate any kind of continuous load and will strip out fairly easily if pushed too hard . we smoked the motor and stripped the gears just slicing up a couple of small roasts and we were not working the unit that hard . it does a decent job for the person that just wants to slice up a small bunch of deli foods for a party or do a weeks worth of cheese for the kids lunches but honestly a good knife will do just as well and not set you back ten minutes for cleaning every time you use it . if you are looking for a slicer to do more serious work you will have to spend the money and get something in the $ 400 + range . what this slicer is good for the deli counter can do for you for free when you buy your bologna .
i was actually satisfied with this slicer until i needed to clean it . when you remove the blade , there is a plastic ring or seal that clings to a metal rim with brittle , plastic " fingers " . an intelligent engineer would have seated this ring in a channel rather than have it mounted by flimsy , brittle fingers to a thin semi-circle of metal . mine broke on the 4th cleaning ; now the blade is extremly difficult to align , and it wobbles if you leave the part off . waring 's website does not offer this part for sale , and customer service has not yet returned my call . updated march 24 , 2006 : customer service told me to clean this slicer by removing the three mounting screws rather than using the center screw . this is more difficult , and does not permit you to clean accumulated goop that gets behind the seal . they did send me a new ring or seal , but i had to eventually remove the whole blade when the smell of the goop became too strong . all of the fingers had broken off the seal , so i had to use duct tape to reapply it . and the blade really wobbles now . i see a few people really liked this slicer ; i suspect they had not cleaned it before writing
this thing slices well , then comes the impractical task of trying to clean it . the tray does not detatch from the base , which can not be put in water because it containes the motor . pieces of food work their way into the motor area . after removing the blade ( using tools ) you must remove a plastic cover with 3 screws and dig out the pieces of food . i could not believe how bad a design it was from a cleaning standpoint . the tray that slides back and forth with the food has a stainless top that is literally two-faced taped onto the plastic base . this was very poor from a quality standpoint , and came off in my hand the first and only time used . the plastic base for this tray has about fifty little half inch square honey-comb sort of areas that grease from meat or juices from food will get down into . this thing is a nightmare to adequately clean and not worth the trouble . it went back to the store immediately , and it was not all the way clean because after about thirty minutes i gave up . i 'm looking for another brand now
i bought this product because the box says " no more ice chunks . " there is even an " icebreaker " setting . i wanted a way to make slushies . however , the manual says you are to use the " icy drink " setting when crushing ice . i am not sure if or when a person is supposed to use the " icebreaker " setting ! also , the whole ice crushing process requires many steps and more than a blender . first , you have to pour water in before you can crush the ice . once you press the " icy drink " setting , you pour out the excess water into a collander . even after all that , there are chunks in the ice . no slushie for me ! i gave this product just 1 star because i hate misleading advertising . i will now have to take time out of my crammed schedule to return this product
the price of this iron was reduced to $ 24.99 with the purpoose of missing the $ 25 order for free shipping , then they trap you into buying another item or pay over $ 7 for shipping . now , to make matters worse , they omitted the most important feature of the iron ; that the soleplate is aluminum .
these tools are made of high quality materials , and they look very nice . however , the ends of the handles are so thick and heavy that if you leave them propped on the side of a shallow pot or pan , or on the counter , they are very prone to flip out of the container or off of the counter , carrying food with them to the kitchen floor . this happened to me twice while cooking thanksgiving dinner . i will not throw them away , but i would never buy them again .
would look great if it lined up correctly . goes together very crooked & does n't line up 100 % with other parts , & there are only three major parts . i ordered two holders , & both have the same problems . may redrill the screw holes to line things up better , but may just return both for a refund . i love the look , & it would be great if things were done correctly
after getting the teakettle in january , i had to stop using it by june . the kettle was leaking water all over the kitchen counter and at time it would not turn off by itself . delongi sent me a new kettle to replace the one that was broke but it was a model only worth $ 80.00 . when i ask about the $ 50.00 difference in price of the two teakettles i was told they covered their warranty and i 'm out of the $ 50.00 . i wo n't be buying anymore of delongi products !
like the other reviewers , i followed the instructions for this machine to the letter . i froze the canister in my deep-freeze for several days and took it out just in time to load it . although the recipe provided was quite tasty , even after 60 minutes the stuff never even got cold enough to reach the slush stage , let alone ice cream . my kids pretty much drank it from the bowl . it 's advertised to make ice cream in 20 minutes ; no way . returned it the next day ( and paid for shipping )
let me begin with a positive note on the oxo good grips oven mitt : it looks great and the magnet is a good idea . now for the negative aspects of this item : it 's way over-priced , especially for how poorly it is designed . the way this oven mitt is designed does not give you a " good grip , " which is ironic since it 's called the " oxo good grips " oven mitt . it 's hard to explain , but the silicone part is somewhat stiff and when you put your hand in the mitt , you can not easily grab things , especially if what you 're trying to grab is small ( like a pan lid ) or narrow ( like the handles on a roaster pan ) . it 's like this mitt was designed as though the only thing anyone uses an oven mitt for is to take hot cookie sheets out of the oven . i decided not to give it one star only because it does a good job of insulating your hand from high temperatures . i strongly suggest that if you are considering purchasing this oxo mitt , you should go to a store and try it on first to see what you think about the design .
i bought this pan as a christmas gift for my husband . it would have been easier if i had just put a match to my money and burned it . he has given up using this pan . he even read the directions thinking he was doing something wrong . every egg he placed in it stuck to the side of the teflon rings . what a shame . the only use would be to throw the rings away and just use it as a regular pan . do n't waste your money
as of today august 19 , i have not received anything on this plan . no paperwork,no backorder....nothing ! ! ! i think maybe it 's just a rip-off
we have had ours less than one year and we hate it for all the reasons everyone else have listed . it does n't toast evenly etc . do n't buy it
this unit from cooking.com is made from china . consider it to be a disposable unit . the threads on it are worthless . i got one single use out of them . i thought it to be a fluke . ordered another one . same thing . frustrated ! i located a german made cast iron rosette iron online , from another reviewer . there is a world of differences , between the $ 10.00 china junk knockoff and the german made one . it is my opinion that the german rosette iron is worth every penny ! the german made cast iron rosette will no doubt be handed down for generations to come . the threads alone are worth the higher price ; however the quality is significantly noticeable . the german made set is a much heavier set than the china made set from cooking.com . it is my opinion that it is worth your time to do a bit more research than for settling for this chinese knockoff . do n't get me wrong - they are still better than aluminum any day of the week - but if you have ever owned an alfred andresen & co cast iron rosette set - you 'll instantly know what i am talking about .
i am very disappointed in this product . i followed all the " mfgs . directions " on how to keep this board in great shape but it did n't matter . the board bowed and cracked after about 2 months ( 30 days over the amazon warranty of course.... ) it 's so badly curved we are waiting for it to turn into a sphere .
assembling and disassembling this piece of equipment would discourage a person from ever using this item . it is far too complicated and has too many pieces that have to be washed each time it is used and then put back together again . one can expect to spend about 30 minutes to disassemble and reassemble the unit while following the assembly guide . in addition to that drawback , there is n't anything that should be placed in a dishwasher , so it has to be hand-washed and hand dried . an osterizer would be a much simpler and better choice ! ! !
i purchased this egg cooker specifically for poaching 2 eggs . i used large , farm-fresh eggs . whatever combination of water and timing i tried , i never got a perfectly cooked poached egg . the cuisinart instruction book is confusing in its layout - specifically page 5 . i called cuisinart and after much back and forth , it was determined the eggs i used were too large and the directions were for medium-sized eggs . if considering this machine , be aware you might have to sacrifice the eggs you want to eat .
the cuisinart egg cooker : - over/under cook the eggs according to its measuring cup - plastic tray deforms after it 's heated ( and stays deformed ) - the metal cover burns your hand - is $ 10 more expensive than the krups 230-70 egg express egg cooker , which is a much better product than cuisinar
this stunning slice of kitchen couture is undoubtedly a tactile and aesthetic dream - built with quality materials like real metal ( not silvery plastic ) , and sporting a sophisticated , drop-dead gorgeous retro appeal . it looks equally as impressive in the hippest new york loft kitchens as it does on the shelves of williams-sonoma . however , as is the case when function follows form , this is a horrible blender . do n't get me wrong - i 'm more than willing to forgive a modicum of piss-poor functionality if the design is attractive enough to render the former irrelevant . but quite frankly , this blender is beyond bad . most unfortunate is the blender 's propensity to splash everywhere - even when the user deliberately reinforces the lid onto the jar by hand . it seems to make little difference how much or what type of liquid one is mixing ; it inevitably overflows with explosive fervor . i suspect that the unit 's quasi-industrial motor may be a contributing factor ; it only supports two speeds : off , and jet-cyclonic . while i admit that the minimalist toggle switch is profoundly chic in its own right , the consequences of omitting ramp-up speeds are overbearing , consistently messy , predictably inconvenient , and potentially dangerous ( as liquid tends to flow liberally into the motor housing ) . the irregular cloverleaf shaped jar also seems to play a role in splattering liquids upward ; and the blender 's poorly-sealed lid does little to stop it from overflowing in dramatic fashion . in fact , this blender splashes so profusely that it 's nearly unusable . it 's too bad , because superficially , this blender really is quite the objet d'art . but when it comes to meeting the minimum requirements for acceptable performance , it has a long way to go - even in comparison to a $ 29 oster . if i had to summarize this blender as accurately , succinctly , and fairly as possible , i 'd distill it down to one word - " regrettable . "
" warring " has a high reputation for being a powerful blender . i purchased because of its reputation . but it turned out to be actually not that powerful and may not be as powerful as the one i had before which only costed $ 30 . so i asked myself why bothered to replace it when the new one , " warring " , in fact does not really break ice any better than the cheap ones .
this steamer sucks . puts white goo all over the outside of unit and on counter . wish i did n't buy it
we lived in asia for five years and we eat a lot of rice . in asia we owned a very cheap rice cooker that worked perfectly well ( but different voltage ) . when we returned to the usa , i purchased the cuisinart 8-cup rice cooker ( crc-800 ) thinking i was getting " top of the line . " it made such an enormous mess every time we used it , so i called cuisnart to find out if somehow ( despite meticulous reading of the instructions ) we were doing something wrong . no , it seemed we were doing everything correctly . so we tried a few more times , and then in exasperation returned the rice cooker for a new one . we thought given the generally good quality of cuisinart appliances , this one must be defective . well the new one does the same thing ! i give up . enough of the messes . i got so frustrated i sent cuisinart a picture . c'mon this is not high-tech stuff ! get it right or take it off the market
i would have to say that amazon gave me a good deal and immediate delivery . unfortunatly i had to return this item . i havent been satisfied because the heating element heats up on the top rather than where it has to heat up . after ironing i could still see a lot of creases . they dont mention about the base being a wood plank either . i have used a simplicity machine earlier and hence i know the quality of steam press but this machine is a waste of time and money . i would rather buy a normal iron to this or pay extra and buy a better one . but this is just my opinion
do not waste your time in purchasing this product . at first , i thought this would be a great kitchen gadget for making small cones for my kids or when i just want a little treat , but i was wrong . the manufacture did n't think that as soon as the waffles are done , you have to be quick and roll the waffles into cones for it too cool . well , instead of making one , you have to roll three in enough time before it cools . i tried numerous times to roll each one quickly as possible , but by the second one the third waffle is cooled and has not had the chance to be rolled up into a cone . it really is not smart for the manufacture to sell this product , unless it comes with three cone makers to wrap the waffle in . and , to state that you need three people to make it or it will not work . do not bother purchasing this product , unless you are an expert cone maker . i did , however , went ahead and purchased the regular sized cone maker . it is hard to perfect the perfect cone without having a hole at the bottom , but at least i have time to wrap up one cone at a time without having it cool on me to quickly . also , the petite cone waffle maker is rediculously too small to try to wrap . it really is a waste of energy . you could put batter in only one of the cone indentions , and do it one by one if its what you are looking for . that could work . all in all , personally it was n't worth my time and money spent on the thing
the item was not what i expected . the description said metal but it should have said " tin "
cuisinart does not stand behind their products . we purchased a 10 pc set and after using the 1    qt pan only once it formed a bubble on the bottom of the pan causing the pan not to lay flat on the stove . this actually renders the pan useless as it does not evenly disperse the heat and takes forever to even heat up . upon notifying cuisinart of the problem this is the response we got :  " thank you for your reply . the cookware does have a limited lifetime warranty against any manufacturing defects . however , if the pot has been over heated or damaged in any way it would not be covered under warranty . you may send the item into us for an evaluation . you may send it to the following address listed below , with a check or money order for $ 7.00 return shipping and we will evaluate the cookware for you :  cuisinart corporation 150 milford road east windsor , nj 08520 thank you for your use and interest in cuisinart products . very truly yours , ann marie cuisinart representative "    why should i have to pay for shipping their defective product ? the cost of shipping the product just to have it " evaluated " makes it a wiser choice to just forget the warranty and buy a new one . however the wisest choice would be to steer clear of this company 's products altogether . by the way the pan was only used to boil some eggs .
i researched a lot before buying this slow cooker . i have a nesco roaster that i love and use often . i needed a large slow cooker . i started researching . started out with the all clad but everyone said it got really hot . i wanted a good one . the cuisinart had good ratings elsewhere and i thought well even it cooks faster that is fine . i will just watch it until i get used to it and go from there . every dish i have watched..they all cooked in less than half the allotted time . today i made a crock pot mac and cheese casserole and it burned within one hour . way too hot . i called cuisinart several times and they said i may have a defective unit . well i doubt it . i just think it runs hot . i really was dismayed because i love the size and the design of this cooker . really was not up to par with cuisinart products that i know and love . let me also say that i am a good cook . i feel that i know my way around any appliance . i was not happy that i was not going to be able to leave this cooker all day but i was ok to give it a try . it is not at all what i expected . i read the other reviews here and wish i would have taken heed of them . i had read good reviews elsewhere and saw two articles in magazines on this cooker being the best . if you are going to spend 100 bucks on a slow cooker , stop , get one of the higher end rival ones with a timer and then get a nesco roaster . you can cook anything all summer without heating up your kitchen .
mine did n't hold up either . for what i paid for it , i expected more . one i picked up for around twenty is doing a much better job and lasted through more than four uses .
i have gone through 2 of these now and both ceramic inserts have cracked in the same place ! cuisinart customer service is not interested in replacing the inserts even though i have only used it 2 times before they cracked and were unusable . i had to send the pot back for replacement and the replacement had the same trouble . my cheap rival crockpot that i had for years before i purchased this one never had problems or i would think that this was operator error . i was really looking forward to using this because i love all my other cuisinart products but i am going today to purchase a nice , inexpensive , reliable rival crockpot .
i own many circulon products , but most of which are under the circulon 2 line . so when this 2 pack became available , i went ahead and purchased it . i have only used it to cook eggs on and i must say , i was sorely disappointed by the results . not only did my eggs stick , but i used quite a bit of oil on the 2nd batch to make sure they would n't stick , but they still stuck . my circulon 2 skillet makes far better eggs than this non-stick version and does n't stick ! i 'm not sure what i can use these skillets for now since my main intentions were for fish , eggs and items which have a tendency to stick to the pan . it also left a horrible look on the eggs like the kind on eggs cooked with a teflon pan without oil even though i used quite a bit of oil . highly disappointed and will not purchase the circulon elite line again
after using my 3 new circulon pots and lids for only 2 or 3 months , all the circulon lids have broken plastic handles , including the lid for this 3 quart sauce pan . first noticed the problem when i got gouged by the broken plastic , i saw that all three circulon lids showed big chunks of plastic off the underside of the plastic handles . i am very careful and do not own a dishwasher . next , i saw that two of the faulty handles now had big chuncks off both ends of the plastic handles . all the breakage occured where the plastic 'cool ' handle attaches to the metal part of the handle . just today , when i removed the hot lid from my toss and turn pan , the black plastic totally came loose from the metal part of the handle ! only fast dancing saved me from this big hot lid falling on my feet . but at last i saw the flaw . instead of these lids having a complete metal handle that is covered with the plastic for cool handling , the metal part only goes up an inch to meet the plastic . the black plastic only overlaps the metal part for a scant half inch or so , causing the more sturdy metal part to undermine the plastic , and eventually causing the chipped plastic to separate from the metal with use . the lids are subjected to steam and heat on a daily basis , so no wonder the plastic broke off , the plastic has no backing . it is just carelessly and poorly attached to less than a half inch of the metal that is attached to the lid . this poorly conceived construction is why the handle broke away entirely after the plastic was chipped , a full metal handle covered with plastic would have been nice for the money spent and prevented the accident where the handle completely separated from the chipped plastic . there is no metal supporting that plastic folks . my enthusiasm for the circulon was originally quite high , but now that i have lidless pots after less than 90 days , i 'm pretty unhappy ! this chipping happened to 3 out of 3 lids ! and the toss and turn lid is almost as expensive as the toss and turn pan ! now , after less than 90 days i must send in the toss and turn lid and my 2 smaller lids with chipped handles that go with the sauce pans . because the toss and turn handle separated and broke away , this is not merely a cosmetic matter . even before the lid handle broke entirely , the broken handles were uncomfortable to use with those sharp broken plastic edges digging into my fingers . sending these lids back will leave me ill equiped in the kitchen after all the money spent to be well equiped . further , i doubt their replacements will be any better , and they will probably need replacement every 90 days ! much as i love the circulon pans , these lids make them a bad purchase . i would not buy this product again . hopefully this review will help you make a good decision about circulon pans and their bad lids
i own 3 other malibu shores comforter sets and i just love it with no problem . but , with this particular set i 'm so disappointed with the quality of the material is poor , the areas where two materials were sewn together is tearing apart , and the stitchings are coming apart in many different parts of the comforter . not to mention the padding is already separating after two weeks of usage
this set looks gr8 only in the foto . in reality , it has a very dull look . not worth buying . i got 2 queen sets and greatly disappointed with this purchase from amazon ! price is cheap , so is the quality of the comforter set !
i should have simply repaired our old toaster that worked well , and reliably , for eight years . too busy , first i bought a braun toaster ( looked great , had major problems actually toasting ) , then i bought this krup toaster , and guess what , it looks great but has trouble actually toasting . starting with the first piece of toast all is well ( hence two stars instead of one ) . however , after the toaster is warmed up , the timing/heat regulation becomes totally useless . you have to toast , toast again , toast again . fancy digital count-down-timer does n't help much at that point ! in researching toasters , did i mention i should have repaired my old toaster when it broke , i read a review where it was suggested that 'toasters have been around a hundred years , it ca n't be that hard ! ' i thought it funny at the time , but having now spent over $ 150 on two worthless toasters i find myself saying " toasters have been around for over a 100 years , it ca n't be that hard ! " i hope braun and/or krup do n't make medical devices or we are in trouble .
i put a fairly warm pound cake on the bottom of the cake keeper---apparently too warm . cracks developed from opposite edges and met in the middle,creating a separation and thereby rendering the keeper useless
just purchased this blender & am returning it immediately . it has a number of terrible features : it 's very difficult to remove the cover if you have carpal tunnel , arthritis , or weak hands . to change speeds you turn a dial ( as opposed to the buttons on most others ) , which makes for rough transitions . moreover , the dial feels very flimsy and i doubt this machine will last . i purchased this model because i thought its premium price would mean a premium product , but from the plastic gears to the flimsy dial , to the impossible-to-open cover , i hate it . will go back to either an oster or waring , both of which served me well , each for over 10 years .
i wish i had read the review by mary twain before purchasing the pro form rose bundt . because it was made by nordic ware , i thought it would be the same as the cast aluminum but it 's not . do n't be fooled b/c the cake will not look like a rose . the pan is more shallow & the ring is bigger than the cast aluminum . since i only paid $ 9.99 for this , i did n't want to waste paying for shipping to get a refund
buyer beware ! the item pictured is not what you will get ! it contains the same information , but it is formatted differently . i asked for a replacement , asking for what is pictured and received the incorrect one again . what i received was smaller , about 5 " x 3 " whereas the image looks taller ( about 4 " ) . it was stainless steel as advertised . the information was listed in a grid , similar to a spreadsheet . everything was written in caps which make it very hard to read ( there is actually studies confirming this ) . based on the image on the website , the information is the same , but the image lays out the information so it is easier and faster to find what you are looking for . if the formatting is not an issue for you , then these are great . i however have bad eye sight and the bigger and more spread out the text , the better ! had i received what was pictured , i would have given it 5 stars . i suspect that what i received was the older model and amazon.com is simply getting rid of the older items first .
you get what you paid for . nice pattern , but the bedding is somewhat rough to the touch . would n't give it as a gift
to start with , the one-star rating is actually for the customer service department . when it works , the product itself is fine . i bought the unit last christmas and used it frequently until early summer . at that time it began functioning only intermittently , then soon quit altogether . tilia assurred me that it was covered under a one-year warranty , that it would be replaced , and that i need n't return the original unit . our next call was prompted by its failure to arrive in a reasonable time . we were told that they had no replacements , it was back-ordered , and would arrive within several weeks . when it did n't , i called again and was told that the replacements had arrived and would be shipping soon . our next call yielded the information that the replacements had not arrived afterall and that tilia had no idea when they would . the saga continues.. .  get a food saver--but from another company rather than tili
we raved about making panini 's . introduced many of our friends to them . then it died without warning in the middle of dinner . we paid $ 80 for the thing too
we used our beloved panini maker probably once a month or so for about a year , but it died without warning , and way too soon
thankyou for the reviews about quality . i wanted to share with krups why i would n't buy there panini maker . but when i tried to email customer service it was to complicated to let them know . i also read there warranty and it appears your grills should be covered under one year . but of course it adds at there discretion . i am still deciding which to get but cuisinart has a 3 year warranty
very noisy and takes too long to brew . boxed it up to return but i misplaced the packing slip . will keep using mom 's very old corelle electric percolator
this item turned to rust after the first use . i do not recommend this product
the soap shoots straight out of the pump and can go about three feet . ( children would love this feature . ) you have to hold your hand awkwardly in front of the spout to keep the soap in your hand or pick up the pump and pump it directly into your palm . also the pump sticks and has to be pulled up manually . you can not use this pump with one hand - not good for kitchen use
i had one a few months ago . when i filled in water , the water just passed the filter quickly . i was not sure if the water is filtered . one day , i wanted to clean it . i put it in hot water for about 10 minutes . the pitcher was out of shape and i had to discard it . i believe the pitcher was made from cheap materials . i sent an email to the custom no service of brita . i got no response . i will not buy brita products any longer
i also tried some cotton wamsutta sheets from bed bath , and beyond and they pilled the first time i washed them . i was able to return them to the store , but it was a waste of time . i would n't recommend these sheets or any wamsutta sheets because i think they 're poor quality
did not fit the pot i needed it for . too much money for shipping on small item to justify sending back .
i purchased this knife , and when it arrived , the package said , " not recommended for left-handers . " if henckels chooses to design only for right-handed people , that 's their right , but they should disclose it clearly . second , [ amazon.com ] should include such information in their editorial review . i 'm left-handed , and i 'll add this to my can opener and vegetable peeler as one-way kitchen gadgets
the waffle baker ( formerly waffle iron ) works great . make that 'worked great . ' for an entire month , then it died . it was , of course , under warranty . no problem , we were told , we will ship a new one to your door . great ! we thought . that was three months ago . the latest is the honchos see no reason to hurry ( ! ) our replacement . customer service is hoping -- not guaranteeing , not promising , but hoping -- we will get our replacement in mid-january . if , and it is a very big 'if ' , we get our replacement in january , that will make the score 5 to 1 against us . for six months they will have had our money , and for one month of the six we will have had a functioning waffle baker . it would seem that it is difficult to do much worse than buy a waffle baker that dies after a month with no replacement on the horizon . great when it works , but it does n't work , so how many stars is it really worth ? 2 ? 1 ? none ? a negative number ? and it really was a great toy . drat !
i spent several hours searching &amp ; researching rice cookers trying to find one that was designed specifically for brown rice . i finally decided on this one because it specifically mentioned brown rice , and had brown rice &quot ; measurements&quot ; which are different than for regular white rice . i am disappointed . first of all , the manual recommends not using the &quot ; keep warm&quot ; function when using brown rice . this means you have to unplug the machine when the cooking cycle is over . this defeats the purpose of an automatic rice cooker . but even this drawback might be acceptable if it did a good job of cooking brown rice properly . it does not . it is either too wet &amp ; mushy , or too dry and burnt . we have been unable to cook a proper batch yet , after much experimentation with slightly more or less water , and using 3 different types of brown rice . look elsewhere , and let me know if you find one that works properly with brown rice
the other reviewer was luckier than i was . mine warped immediately , which forced off the end pieces
we registered for a set of 10 wmf utensils for our wedding . they look great hanging in our kitchen and most all of the utensils are very functional . however , we are now on our second scooper and it has broken now for the second time . its just not sturdy enough for its intended use...ice cream
the first time i used it , the weld holding the scoop to the handle broke , leaving the scoop in the ice cream and the handle in my hand
this product would not cut through a sweet potato . it barely went through a piece of a regular potato . while cutting through a potato it was bending and felt like it would break . it 's fairly cheap , but you get what you pay for . i ended up using a knife instead . it 's your $ 8.99. .
i loved this iron until it died after owning it for a little over a year . i bought this iron because consumer reports rated it # 1 . it was a great iron while it worked . ( i iron about once a week - sometimes twice a month . ) i 've had irons last for years and i usually get rid of them because they lack the bells and whistles not because they fail to work . black & decker customer service acted like i was the only one whoever had a problem with one of their products and told me to go buy another iron because it was over a year old . i 'm sorry , but i think with light use , an iron should last more than a year . forget black & decker . i 'm trying rowenta or bosch
this unit simply does not do the job . press makes irregular shaped tortillas and they can not be easily removed from the wax paper . better job can be done with 2 dinner plates . save your money
this is a cheap piece of junk . the base wo n't communicate with the remote even after extensive review of directions and trying different channel selections as directed . the plastic housings are so lightweight i do n't think it 'd survive ordinary outdoor use either . certianly not a drop off your grill . felt like i had to handle it gingerly so i did n't crush it with my hands . this one is going back -sorry az .
if the probe was not so fragile i 'd give this unit 5 stars . the remote works well although i have had it lose contact with the sender if i was out in front of my house ( my grill is on the back deck ) . this is a minor annoyance , but what really ticked me off was that the probe failed ( indicating " high " reading ) in conditions where my miu france unit keeps on going . unfortunately the miu france unit does n't have the remote capability . i purchased about 5 extra probes for the taylor unit directly from taylor by mail . but within a few weeks several of those failed . i do n't mind having to replace a probe once in a while but when you have to replace two in one cooking session it gets pretty annoying . i 'd suggest staying away from this unit
i love to grill but i keep my grill a fair distance from my house while cooking so you can imagine the excitment i had in purchasing this item with the wireless transmitter . first , it took more than 1/2 an hour to get the two pieces to communicate with each other . secondly , and worst of all , on just my second attempt using it i was watching my pork roast temperature from the comfort of my kitchen when the temperature value jumped to " high " . i immediately went out to check it and the probe is dead ! ! ! there 's no way to purchase a replacement probe so the whole thing is just a fancy kitchen timer ! ! taylor is no help !
this product is a disgrace . nonstick is not one of its virtues , and those who are thinking of purchasing this waste of money should be forewarned . it is not even well designed for broiling with small openings for fat drainage that quickly clog up . i am honestly surprised that amazon would allow such an unworthy product to be sold under its banner
it looks like a krups -- what with the stainless steel look and the fancy electronics , but , as a rice cooker , it does not perform as expected . the rice is passable but certainly not the best we 've had - our very old national rice cooker produced better rice . also disappointing is the lack of a retractable electrical cord - winding the electrical cord around a chintzy metal cord holder ( unstrategically located at the bottom of the cooker ) gets old very quickly . lastly , the fancy electronic display is not very informative when cooking rice . ( it may be more helpful when using the appliance as a slow cooker - but we thought we were buying a rice cooker . )  bottom line : it looks like a krups , does not perform like one , and , with all its good looks , is decidedly un-ergonomic in its design . a disappointment . if we could , we 'd return it .
all the airbake products i have used thus far have proven awful over time . after only several uses , cookies stick ( even after religious greasing of the sheet ) and the sheets are impossible to clean without scratching or rubbing off the surface . now i have to place a silpat on top to save myself the headache . i 'd save my money and spend it on a heavier duty , higher quality baking sheet .
airbake products are horrible ! i have used the cookie sheets multiple times and i have had nothing but problems . there products over-brown everything you cook and the food sticks no matter how well you grease the pans . i have better luck using my old cheap non-stick bakeware than airbake . buyer beware ! if you do choose to buy this brand of products grease the pans generously and cut the bake time and oven temperature
the fiestaware scarlet mugs are beautiful but dangerous . the handle is much too small for this size mug . if you can get your finger through the small hole , your finger will soon be as scarlet as the fiestaware . the first and only time my family used these mugs , two of us burned ourselves . fiestaware really screwed up on this one , a shame given the beauty of the scarlet fiestaware
i love vornado products but this does n't qualify . very little breeze . you have to turn the fan around to turn it off which means that about half the time i get whacked by the cloth blades . it should have a power switch on the cord instead . it 's a trendy gadget that will only please people who are not vornado customers
i encounter too much resistance when trying to pull towel out for tearing . there is so much resitance that the base moves , unless i perform the procedure with both hands .
i read all of the reviews and thought this was the paper towel holder for me . boy , was i wrong . it looked beautiful when it arrived and i could n't wait to use it . well , i put on my first roll of paper towels and pulled one off . the racheting system worked ok until it came towards the end of the roll . the racheting stopped and jammed and the paper towels ripped in half instead of where they were supposed to . i am going back to the old paper towel holders that just have a stick holding the roll and not a racheting whisk like bar . jesh , all i want is a paper towel not aggravation . which is what i got with this item
i bought the villaware double smoothee maker and it was a problem from the moment i pulled it out of the box . first , the silver lable was not glued on the product and would n't stick . next when i made the product using their receipe it would n't dispense from the spout and the spout connecting to the blender leaked . tried calling the seller and emailing them about my problem and they would n't help . i called the manufacture and since i bought it here from a vendor they would help . so...now...its in the blender heaven of trash somewhere out there . what a waste of money . thank god for amazon 's abc guarantee ! !
this attachment vibrates so badly that it about bounces the food processor right off the counter . i love the food processor but i regret having bought the juice extractor
when i opened the box , i noticed corrosion on the lid . when i contacted rival customer service via email , they told me i had to purchase a new lid . i called and spoke with a customer service representative and they told me that a lid was not covered under warranty . when i explained that i just opened it and it was defective they told me to just return the product that there was nothing that they were going to do . after being treated this way , i will not be purchasing any more rival products if they do n't stand behind their product ! ! ! ! ! very very poor customer service
when i received this item it was packaged with the wrong power cord , which did n't fit the unit . so i was n't even able to use this unit .
i have tried and tried but the thing just makes weak coffee . i do n't know how many different pods i have tried but the thing just ca n't make a strong cup . i have tried 2 pods - i have even tried making my own pods . if you try to jam too much coffee in it , it leaks and will try to pop it 's head off . i have not done the proper " priming " that folks have mentioned and i also have detected a bit of a metalic flavor so that may be associated with my lack of effort . am going to try to return it because it is just too expensive to make a wimpy cupa joe
my husband bought this machine because it was supposed to be fast and convenient , and with different schedules , easier to brew one cup at a time . it worked fine at first , but now after just 3 weeks it leaks hot water all over the counter . this has happened to both my husband and me so it 's not bad technique on our parts . we follow directions exactly , but we keep having to stop it , open the lid , check the pods , reclose the lid and try again . this takes all the convenience out of it especially when you have to clean coffe puddles off your counter . this just is n't acceptable , but it 's mostly plastic so probably to be expected . we have used other pods besides the senseo pods ( which do n't produce good coffee ) but that should n't be an issue as they 're all the same size . anyway , we 're trashing it and have ordered the bunn professional which will hopefully do a much better job . i 'll let you know in a future review . my advice on this one is either do n't buy it or if you do , based on other positive reviews , keep the box and the receipt so you can return it when it starts malfunctioning
given as a gift - same story : the fact that i primarily used high heat , it did n't last past 6 months . all-clad said too bad after i emailed them , and called them several times leaving messages - took them 3 months to get back to me , and then that was it . i will never buy all-clad ever again ! !
this item was ordered 1/4/06 it is now 2/25/06 and has not yet been shipped . hard to rate the item , but for sure you can see the rating for delivery
i purchased these pans based on my previous positive experiences with calphalon cookware--have tons of it , but i experienced the same problem as two other reviewers--that is , the slumping in the middle . i have been cooking for over 30 years and have never experienced this problem , especially since i have a new kitchen-aid convection oven . also , the &quot ; non-stick&quot ; is not so &quot ; non-stick&quot ; . at their prices , i think they have a little work to do to meet other calphalon products
i am sorry to say that i was not satisfied with this pan at all ! the cakes i bake are browning , even burning on the edges before the middle is even done ! the edges are rising but the middle is &quot ; slumping&quot ; down . i own the calphalon cookware and that is nice but they have a stinker in their bakeware . my recommendation = look at a different pan
yes , it looks good in my blue kitchen . but the water does n't pour cleanly out of the spout - it 's more like uncontrollable spewing , even when " poured " slowly , and boiling water splashes all over the counter . also very difficult to fully empty . sorry i threw out the box , or i 'd send back
this toaster at the lowest setting of 1 burns my toast . it also burned one side of a frozen bagel when i put it on defrost . further , when plugged in , the dial is lit up by a red light . it makes me feel like the toaster is on , and needs to be turned off . i have to keep reminding myself that it is okay . if i can find the box , i 'll probably return it . maybe i just got a dud , since most reviews here are goo
i have been grinding my own coffee beans every morning for many years and have gone through quite a few different grinders . i have always loved cuisinart products and was very excited to purchase this one , what a mistake ! the grinder itself is really noisy and heavy for it 's size . the coffee grinds are never fine enough for my liking and they get stuck up inside the plastic top , making a huge mess and wasting a lot of coffee . do not waste your time or money on this one ! !
i was excited to upgrade to this coffee grinder after years of using a cheap krups model , and i have to say that i am very disappointed with the way this machine grinds coffee . it takes way too long to grind , whether pulsing or grinding continuously . and then the grounds are very uneven . although the manufacturer says it is grinding slowly to keep the flavor in , every coffee expert i 've consulted with says the longer coffee grinds , the more it heats up and the more flavor is lost . even after long grinding , there are large pieces of bean still visible . i was also excited about the machine 's detachable bowl , which does make for easy cleaning . but only of the bowl . the rest of the machine is a pain to clean and no matter how carefully you remove the top , your counter is covered in grounds . i bought a second bowl so that i could grind spices in the same machine , and i think the coffee grinder works better on spices and seeds ( such as flax ) than it does on coffee . but you still have to clean the entire thing before reusing it , or your spices have a strong coffee flavor from the grounds that are stuck to the protective case . ( that plastic case does make grinding quieter , however . ) all in all i 'm quite disappointed with this purchase . i should have gone farther upscale and gotten a more serious burn grinder , or stuck with my cheap krups with the slanted bowl base which made even grounds quickly .
cuisinart is one manufacturer that has capitalized on its brand name and produced this inferior product . my criticisms of this machine : 1 . its heavy and relatively large . it is awkward to place in and remove from a cabinet , and so it remains on the counter top where it takes up precious real estate with its large footprint . 2 . it 's slow . with its weight , you would think the grinder would have a powerful motor that would quickly grind coffee . it does not . it takes a very long time to grind the coffee . 3 . the grind is uneven and actually clumps . the grind is fine at the bottom and course and clumpy at the top . the finely ground coffee sticks to the bottom of the bowl below the blade . i must use a finger to remove the ground coffee or pound the bowel against the palm of my other hand . pulsing makes no difference . grinding a full bowl improves the performance somewhat . yet , grinding beans for up to minute still does not produce a grind fine enough for even a cone filter . espresso is out of the question . 4 . i invariably spill ground coffee on the counter top no matter how carefully i remove the lid . although the grinder looks cool with its stainless steel finish and it has a larger bowl than most blade grinders , those two alone do not even come close to overcoming its other deficiencies . surely there must be better blade coffee grinders on the market
the 4-cup coffee press is in actuality just 2 cups . the number of ounces is not listed in the sales blurb... what we wanted was 4 cups at 8 ounces each . the 4-cup coffee press is just a bit over 16 ounces . while it says so on the lid of the box it came in , the ounce-capacity is not in the amazon listing . ...so we returned it. .
the replacement filters for the sv726 do not fit and are not the same shape as the filter that came with the shark vac
50 % of the bags leak . the plastic is thin and rips easily . do n't even think about using these for uder the bed storage . the bags will get tears on them if you just breate on them heavy .
this product was horrible . i ordered a queen size and expected a huge box to arrive carrying such . however , it was so small that a pair of shoes could have fit in it . when i took the featherbed out of the box , it was terribly thin . i currently have a featherbed and it is nice and fluffy . this item unfortunately felt as though i was simply lying on a blanket .
it 's 54.99 in last week , i 'll wait till the price drop bac
the only thing i do not like of this pitcher is its lid . the lid is not quite sealed so that the water could leak from the back and wet your sleeve . even worse , sometimes the lid fell off . you have to be careful while using it . not recommend
i used a west bend triple timer for about 25 years and was well satisfied with it . it had a loud alarm . the new model has a clock ( not very useful ) , a stop watch function ( moderately useful ) and a triple timer function ( fairly useful ) . unfortunately the timer functions are more difficult to set than on the older unit . the alarm is very weak , very difficult for me to hear . i am looking for another alarm .
i saw the 3-star reviews here , but decided to ignore them as this pan was on sale for a very good price . that was a big mistake . 1 . the first problem is with the size of the muffin cups -- they are significantly more shallow than in a typical mini-muffin pan . 2 . the silicone warped from the heat while in the oven , spilling the meager contents of the tiny cups over the edges , making flat , crooked , ugly muffins . 3 . the silicone did not release the muffins easily . i did spray it with nonstick spray before filling , and allowed the muffins to cool completely before i tried to get them out . i did n't even bother to try and wash it , so i do n't have any comment about the ease of washing . i wo n't be wasting any more time and ingredients in it , so i threw it away . i wish i could get my money back . this is not the quality you would expect from kitchenaid
if i could give no stars for this , i would . i 've been using electric skillets for more years then i care to say . i love cooking with them and when my last one simply wore out from so much use , i bought this one . what a mistake . after only minimal use , the middle of the pan began to burn extra hot and all the food was sticking and burning . then the coating began to peel from the pan . the middle began to buldge slightly so the surface was not flat for even frying . what a nightmare ! ! this pan was less then two months old ! and i do know how to treat and cook with electric skillets - just in case you were thinking i did something to cause this . i have never been so disappointed in a product before . however , it did have a new place in our home - the trash can . guess i should have read the reviews first . now that was my mistake ! !
i 'm an old hand with kettles , i thought i 'd give this one to my spouse for our anniversary , but it was a bit of a dud . when the kettle was ready to boil the lid would fall down , steam would go everywhere . and it would often take ages to turn itself off . looked great but...think i 'm going to get the braun instead
after 5 washings , these towels still shed like a mother . grrr
when i received this coffee maker , it worked long enough for me to run water through it to clean it out , then then heating element stopped working . it took numerous calls to braun , then of course i had to pack it up and ship it off . several weeks later it was returned to me and once again , it worked one time . again , it took several phone calls and i had to pack it up and send it off again . i received a new unit that does indeed heat up , but has several other problems . the drip shut-off mechanism stopped working after a couple weeks , the permanent filter allows grounds to get into the coffee , and if one uses a paper filter , it tends to overflow the filter basket . this is the worst coffee maker i 've ever owned
we have a full line of fiesta dishware and thought having the matching flatware would be nice . after a year of standard use and dishwashing , about 1/3 of the flatware is unusable . the upside is that it is cheap and replaceable . but count me among those who would rather pay more for something that lasts . we are in the process of ditching the fiesta flatware line and moving to something more robust . pros : retro stylish . inexpensive compared to quality flatware . cons : very poorly made , expensive if you need to replace 1/3 of flatware ever year
the pepper lid seemed a little loose and i worried that it would fall off , dumping pepper everywhere . i probably would have kept them anyway because they are nice looking and a decent price , but i could n't get the lid off the salt shaker at all
i ended up giving it to salvation army . takes more than one cake mix . more like 1 and a half to fill it up . i did n't think it was worth the money .
look , the product plainly reads " oster blender blade with gasket " and the package that was delivered is titled " processing unit with sealing ring " . the blade was in the package but there was no sealing ring/gasket to be found . i 'm sure there is the possibility that i got the one defective package off the line but what kind of quality assurance is that ? ! i 'm not telling anyone to buy or not buy this product but just be aware that you may have a problem . i now need to buy a whole separate gasket which maybe costs all of $ 1.50 and will pay shipping of probably $ 3 .
this product will not work with home vacuum sealers that use a textured bag . this is a thin plastic sheet on a roll . you have to cut , fold and seal the sides of the plastic sheet .
this gadget is better than nothing as a sink strainer ( unlike the miserable sinktastic , which i find hopelessly misdesigned ) but it 's still far inferior to any good stainless steel mesh strainer . ( do a web search for " sink mesh strainer " . ) this one slides around on top of the sink drain , letting gunk slide in around it . yet it 's impossible to pick up without using your ( ewww ) fingernails . and those fingernails will be picking up a rusting metal edge , if yours grows old at all like mine did . well , " grows old " is overly charitable to this cheaply finished thing . i think i used mine for maybe the equivalent of 30 full kitchen hours before the paint along the edges began to chip and the underlying metal began to severely corrode . one way this might be made reasonably useful is if you sealed it in place with a waterproof nontoxic silicone caulk so it did n't move around . then you could scrub it right there in the sink and never deal with prying it out for cleaning etc . yechhh.. .
i totally agree with the previous reviewer . this pan is terrible . i also ended up with only tops . i suppose you could put paper muffin cups in , but what would be the point of buying this pan then ? ? ? also , these do not nest like a regular metal pan ( the sled takes up a lot of room ) . do not buy this
i received the gelato maker in the mail and was eady to try it out . got all the ingredients together and in the bowl and loaded it into the machine . i turned on the machine as per the directions and it beeped and flashed at my just like it is supposed to do when it has been on too long and the machine is freezing up . i was not very happy with this predicament at all
mine died after 6 months - half the heating elements stopped working , toasting only one side of the bread . took it apart - no loose or broken wires , so must have been the circuitry . chucked it in the garbage . while it was working , it would jam easily . the push-down handle has a flimsy metal tang that twists easily ( when kids or oafish adults use it ) . the tang then rubs against the slot , incinerating the toast
i have always had a percolator so having cuisinart products and another percolator by them i ordered this one . i received it the first of sept. 2006 and on nov. 10 plugged it in , it sparked at the pot and that was it gone ! ! i am sick about this as i had thought cuisinart was a step above the rest
i am very pleased with the dishes . years ago i owned corelle dishes , and am now wondering why i went the way of the heavier dishes . they do n't scratch or take up a lot of space . i bought two sets . i love love the colors and my table settings are so nice to look at , especially since i purchased table mats with big orange blooms to put the dishes on and celery napkins to match . it really makes for a beautiful table . i get compliments all the time . i was also very pleased with how quickly i received the dishes - in about 3 days . i am always happy with my purchases made through amzon.com
i expected the dishes to be more substantial . the plates are very light and thin , more like melamine in feel . the colors on the dinner plates and bowls are like in the pictures seen on the internet so they are what i expected . very disappointed with the cups- i bought two sets , and only 1 of the 8 cups had almost the same color intensity as the dinner plates-the others were so faded ( kinda like when your color cartridge in your computer is outta ink ) they looked like , either rejects,or they had gone through a heavy load dishwash 100 time
we bought this to use at events for a chocolate-themed group at college , and used it several times before giving up . the cord is in the way , you need a shallow dish to pour the batter into so you can dip the crepe maker , and the crepes tend to fall off half-baked . we eventually gave up---now we just put chocolate on waffles
the pad sent to me did not match the description or photo . the neck on the pad is very narrow . the photograph depicts a different type of ironing board than the one the cover actually fits . i bought two of these and had to return them both as they did not fit the board . i was stuck paying the shipping , thus penalizing me for a product that was misrepresented
arrived defective,right out of the box . will not oscillate ; something inside is obviously amiss.so why even bother with it
the other reviews are correct,except they fail to mention that the fan does not move air.that is why it is so quite.i do suppose that i got 13 dollars worth of fan though.think twice about purchasing this fan
difficult to start and difficult to maintain flame . would think twice before buying again . especially difficult if one is left handed
my son , who is a culinary graduate , purchased a set of oxo knives for me as a gift . i know they were not inexpensive . however , within a year , three of the six knives seperated from the grips during use . while the grips are quite nice , the knives are dangerous to use and can cause serious injury in the kitchen . they should be removed from the market . in all three cases , the blades flipped upwards during slicing .
sorry to disagree with other reviewers , but my experience of the paring knife was that it 's perhaps the softest metal i 've ever seen used in a knife , and as a result , it 's not very sharp and does n't improve if you try sharpening it . my friend , a fellow cook who got it as a gift , does n't like it ; i hated it and would never choose to use it . there 's a reason the price is so low
this grinder worked well for about two months before the internal spring that holds the nutmeg in place became loose . now there is so little pressure against the nutmeg , that the blade can no longer do any grinding . in addition , the size and shape of the entire mill are awkward for my small hands . i regret not having read the other reviews before buying this .
this product has a cute name , but it is very difficult to use . i constantly have to take the nutmeg out and re-adjust it . larger nutmegs do not fit in the storage area . it 's a lot of work to get a little bit of nutmeg - disappointing
received this toaster as a christmas present in 2004 . from day one i was not very happy with it . the knobs and temperature control are difficult to use - sometimes it would bake good , other times it would not . about 6 months ago i noticed the numbers were rubbed off of the timer dial . about 3 months ago the timer dial became loose and it was difficult to set the time . today the timer dial broke off completely . so i got about a year and a half of poor use out of it . so , do n't purchase this product , it is not worth it .
unfortunately , i ordered these twice and received rectangular bakers instead . this was * not * amazon 's fault , but emile henry 's for mislabling the box as oval bakers when they were not . in fairness to amazon , they tried to make it right but had a difficult time doing so since the contents of the box were mislabled . althought i would have preferred the oval bakers , i kept the rectangular ones and do like them
it is really the worst coffee maker i had . it is too slow , the automatic stopper always breakes and the coffee pot is useless , because you can not pour in a cup without making a mes
the professional 5 qt . series has a wider bowl than the regular 5 quart . i was given no info . that it would not fit this model . i was dissapointed as i feel this attachment would be helpfu
i bought this item for my daughter for christmas and after she removed it from the box i took a look at it to check it over and i discovered there was missing paint where the band is that goes around the top of the mixer . do i get the feeling that the mixer i purchased was a defect . i ordered another one for my other daughter and i will have her check that over also . i am not happy with this and i will have to look into this matter
i was so excited when i found a contemporary stainless pattern to add to my gift registry . when i received the 20 piece set at a shower i was very ecited until i washed them and never got to eat off them because they rust ! ! ! ! i called gourmet settings and they are sending me another set but i am removing the 45 piece set from my registry . i will use them for picnic silverware not dining roon silverware
i have tried to purchase this item since may 2006 . without explanation , after my order was processed and i was given a date of delivery the order was cancelled and i received a notice that the board was not available . how strange is that ? if you call the company they tell you the item is availble through amazon . would really like to understand what has happened . i feel somewhat less unhappy since i read a review of this very pricey item saying it was not worth the cost .
i recently got this set and the 2 piece carving set of the same series . i know i should not have expected much for this great price , but the knives do not have anywhere as good a feel as the classic line of wusthof or the henckels 4 or 5 star knives . they are very light in weight , mostly due to the handles . much better than a target or kmart knife , and great to start , but i expect to switch mine out with 'real ' knives as my budget will allow
i do not think any human being can fall asleep on this trash . actually i can not even lie on this for more than 1 minute and i feel low back pain . it has good material but poor design .
i baked two batches of madelines side by side , one in this pan ( set on a baking sheet ) , and another in a traditional pan with non-stick coating . i brushed both pans with canola oil before using . as per the package instructions , i allowed the madelines in the silicon pan to cool completely before removing them . the madelines in the traditional pan released easily , were golden and high , and had a pronounced design . the other batch were almost soggy ( probably from cooling in the pan ) , flat , pale , and did not have the appearance of a madeline . to make matters worse , they did not release easily , and a few of them even broke as i attempted to remove them . i would not recommend this pan
what the heck is going on ? i ordered this item 3 weeks ago , it has not delivered yet . so i ca n't even make a review on this item
why do manufacturers always have to change a good thing ? i had a rival crockpot for over 12 years . it always worked great . the idea behind a crockpot is to cood slow and low . my old rival cooked at 150 degrees on the " low " setting . i use the old rival all the time , and decided to get a second one so i could use them both simutaneouly and cook two recipes at the same time . i looked at the reviews for the electronic rival models . everyone said they cooked too hot . so i finally purchased this 6.5 quart model with the simple knob control . well , i filled the crockpot full of 8 lb.s of chicken . the next morning , i could smell the burning food . i looked in the pot , and the chicken was boiling on the " low " setting . so , the next night i filled it full of a vegetable soup recipe . the next morning , the soup was boiling over ... again on the " low " setting . the veggies were overcooked and mushy . i measured the temperature and it was 195 degrees . i wo n't buy anymore rival products . i only gave this 2 stars because i guess you could conceivably use it to make soup .. . if you 're willing to stand over it and turn it off when it starts to overboil
flimsy . mine started rusting after 2 months . but then again , what can one expect for this price
although this grill has all the design elements i wanted - easy to use , quick to clean , and very compact , it is very cheaply made . after just 3 uses , one of the joints that adheres the top to the bottom broke . had i not reacted quickly , i would have been burned . we were very fortunate that our child was kept away from ever using it . upon close examination , we found the weak joint to be made of some sort of brittle , composite material , not metal . it 's such a disappointment to see such a terrific design implemented so poorly .
good idea bad product . worked great 2 weeks . magnets fell off end of week 2 . probe quit week 3 . costs more to return for repair than it is worth
this thermometer is very cheaply made . it feels flimsy and the magnets on the back wo n't hold it secure on a metal surface
i honestly liked the blender a lot . i received it as a gift and it matched the rest of my kitchen 's kitchenaid appliances-- range , refrigerator , dishwasher , pretty much everything other than the toaster oven . at the time , there could be no better blender . it looked great . it promised professional performance . it had kitchenaid 's brand and durability behind it . i use my blender for making tomato sauce and the occasional fruit smoothie . there is some amount of ice crushing required , but that should n't be an issue . i certainly was not a weekly let alone a daily user . so , 3 years after i got the blender , i went to turn it on and it is completely dead-- no light on the on button . changed outlets and still nothing . it 's done . what an incredible dissappointment . but , it seems to me that the kitchenaid brand has really taken an awful turn since it was acquired by whirlpool ( ? ) . first , my dishwasher broke ( 3 repair jobs ) then my stand mixer 's seals are loose . i called customer service about trying to buy a replacement thermometer for my range and after endless re-routing , i got no where . the fridge has minor issues ( loose rails , pieces not refitting ) and is probably the best of the lot . i did some research . apparently , kitchenaid is just licensing its name out on various products . so , realistically , there is no such thing as kitchenaid quality anymore since they do n't make much of anything . everything is just a re-branded product . whirlpool is going to milk the brand premium until its reputation catches up to it . from a once kitchenaid loyalist , avoid this product-- yes it 's beautiful but it 's not going to last . avoid all kitchenaid products because they really are not what they once were
well , i ca n't say that i did n't like this thing at first . it came with a little scoopy to dig out your coffee beans and grinds . at first it seems like a nice little unit . i poured a pot of water into it in order to do away with any oils left over from manufacturing . i say you should run 3 pots of water through it before use ( filterless of course ) . after a few uses , i noticed that the carafe does spill out onto the counter if you do not pour slowly . if you want your coffee now and have no time to pour , do n't get this item . after having this machine for 3 weeks now , and using it constantly every morning , i have finally decided that it is near total crap . i just made a pot of coffee this morning when the machine decided it would spurt some hot air &amp ; water which caused the grinds blow all over the place . spilling out of the top onto the carafe and drooling hot coffee and grinds all over the counter . how nice . if you 're going to buy a cheap coffee maker , spend the extra 5 or 6 dollars and get a semi-decent one . toastmaster should stick to toasting . if you do decided to get this , buy some towels and a mop as well
i should have listened to the other reviews ! point 1 . this machine is not only just " noisy " , it continues to be loud , intermittently ! picture this : you are sipping your hot drink while reading the newspaper , relaxed , the house quiet , when like a knife cutting the silence , a loud grinding sound flies from the kitchen , your dog starts howling & barking , you jump and relaxation is out the window ! it " recycles " as long as you leave it on . point 2 . it took me two cycles ( 20 minutes ) before the stuff was hot enough for me . i like beverages to be as hot as coffee . point 3 . take out your best scrubber & roll up your sleeves ! ! for every use , you have to scrub the thick coating off the bottom of the non-immersable pitcher plus totally take apart the spout , clean it & put it back together ( it has 5 parts ) . hope you have time for this ! point 4 . froth ? what froth ? that 's froth ? ? stirring my drink with a spoon makes it look like that . final analysis : i can make the same thing in the microwave with less cleanup
liked the product when it was working . i used the machine about 4 times a week for 18 months . it will mix the ingredients but does not heat up the drink any more
i should have listened when the other reviewers said to stay away from this steamer . now i wish i had spent the extra $ 60 and gotten one from jiffy . the box the unit arrived in was pretty beat up and did not look like it had been professionally taped . it definitely looked like it had been returned by another customer , and lucky me , i got sloppy seconds . i read the instructions and assembled it carefully , but the performance is just awful . even after letting it heat up for two minutes and then holding the trigger for 30 seconds , as the instructions indicate , it lets out a pathetic gasp of steam . additionally , it sprays out great gobs of water all over the clothes , and i do n't mean a few spots of water like you get with any steamer
i ordered this stupid thing one month ago and they delayed multiple times and kept saying delay . these things will never come . so never expect cheap things from amazon although they tried very hard to convince you to wait .
for fifteen years i 've talked about getting a good stand mixer and my sweet husband went out and bought me this one . he bought it on sale at cosco last spring , then stored it until we moved back to the states from europe and gave it to me as a housewarming gift in nov . i 've used it a few times but the paddle and whisk do n't reach the bottom of the bowl and the screw meant for adjustment will not tighten any further . i ca n't get into the bowl at all while it is in the upward position... to scape or to add ingredients . i like to make crepes , which calls for adding sifted flour gradually over eggs while beating . it 's impossible with this machine . i get a gluey mass at the bottom of the bowl , unmixed... and the batter is full of lumps . if i want to scape the bowl , ( which is frequently necessary since the paddle or whisk does n't reach all the way to the sides of the bowl ) i have to stop the machine and lower the bowl each time , and even then , with the paddle or whisk attached , it 's not easy to reach the sides of the bowl towards the back . you ca n't turn the bowl without removing it from the stand completely . you have to yank on the bowl and lift at the same time to remove it from the stand . this takes a fair amount of force to maneuver . it 's impossible to remove the paddle or whisk without first letting it drop completely into the batter . the speeds are not variable enough . it seems to be either ploddingly slow or so fast that any liquid or flour flies out . it 's a monumental disappointment and i 'm frustrated because it 's been so long since he bought it , i ca n't imagine they would allow it to be returned . so , i still mix everything by hand or use my stick mixer and feel crumby about the big white doorstop taking up counter space
rating should be " 0 " but that was n't a choice . i ordered this item at beginning of july pending move to a place that did n't have a dishwasher . they backordered it until august 10 . so i waited and did n't have sanitized dishes in the meantime for myself and my 12 pets . then , on august 9 , they sent me an email saying " we ca n't get this item , we 're cancelling the order . " i have gone 5 weeks without a dishwasher ! now i have to go find another online store to order from . target may advertise the cheapest price but they do n't deliver
this thing is a piece of junk ! it 's the only blender i 've ever seen that comes with a " stir stick " to unclog the sides of the jar ( where the stuff all goes instead of into the blades ) . this should have been a clue that the thing was n't very well designed , and it was n't . it always needed to be stirred when making any kind of smoothie , several times , which made the process a real pain . also , the drain spout is a great place for food to hide and get nasty . except for the jar it 's pretty cheap plastic . but it 's in the trash now because the couleing fried itself after two months . good riddance
the " brushed chrome " is plastic . the spout leaks , and the motor burned out in one week . on top of that the store where i purchased it , kitchen kapers would n't let me return it saying it was n't designed for drinks that require crushing ice . why then do some of the recipes in the manual call for ice cubes ?
i had received this set for my birthday from a friend . when we unpacked the set we noticed the 8 quart pot was scratched on the interior . this made the non-stick aspect of the pot worthless . i gave the pots back to my friend and he returned them to amazon and had a new set sent out . when we received the new set the 8 quart pot again had scratches inside the pot . i thought i would contact calphalon to inquire about the damage and see what they had to say . i called the calphalon customer service number but was on hold for so long i gave up . in retrospect i would spend the extra money and stay away from the non-stick surfaces with teflon coating which are prone to scratch easily . if you get the calphalon one infused-anodized pans which you will never have to replace let alone deal with the lack of customer service . remember the old saying " you get what you pay for . " i do n't think these non-stick pans will look very good after a years worth of use . if you do choose to buy these pans examine them when you open the box for damage
after many years of buying and discarding inferior knife sharpeners i have finally found one that sharpens even my dullest knives .
this is a poorly made product . after a few months of use , the blade broke off . the handle is hard , brittle plastic covered with soft plastic . the blade extends into the brittle plastic only a little bit . the results were inevitable . pure junk
we have had the coffee maker about 2 months . it makes good coffee but if you pour water too quickly into the left side of the reservoir you get air bubbles in the water level indicator . told to pour on the right side.. . the heating plate covering has come off on about 1/2 of the surface . what gives with that ? ? ? time to take it back and get another machine
we had a krups for about 4 years at the office and the coffee was good . we needed to replace it because the carafe broke and there was no replacement available ( they discontinued the model and the carafe - thanks krups ) . so , we replaced it with the fm4 . i did n't like the coffee from the start - but i figured it would get better . two weeks later , i dumped it for a bunn b10-b which got good ratings here . get the bunn - it makes a good cup of coffee . we always use starbuck 's coffee
my wife stopped me punishing any more innocent tomatoes when the oxo mandoline , my chopping board and the kitchen floor and walls were dripping with red 'stuff' . captain correlli could not have played this gadget . it is totally useless and now resides half way up one of our trees 50 metres from our kitchen door
you have the bottom of the pan clad in stainless steel...the advantage of that ? you can dishwasher stainless . but you ca n't dishwasher nonstick ! you just have the disadvantage of slower heating than you would with straight aluminum underneath . and then you put teflon on something that costs over $ 100...the pan will last 50 or more years , the nonstick about five if you use it lightly and do n't let some idiot put metal on it ever . there 's no indication that they will resurface your pan either...the warranty just covers defects , not use . i think this is very wasteful economically , if not environmentally ( because it is a massive yet not durable product , even if you recycle it ) . you can get a cheaper nonstick that will serve you for the five years just fine ( e.g . calphalon commercial ) , and better you can get this pan without the teflon and learn how to season your own cookware and make it even more nonstick than this can ever be and yet utterly indestructible , even with metal utensils . people will only buy this for the looks . after all , they do n't know how to cook anyway
you are better rolling your windows down ! this thing does not work . i have a sharper image one that is alot better . this one is a generic imitation that does not clean the air . crap ! ! ! ! !
indeed , there is a glass bottom , the walls are nonstick , there are even two nice handles . the seal between the actual pan and the glass bottom leaks something terrible if you use it in a bain marie . apart from that though , it 's fine
the spoon handle is crooked and there are marks/damage to the wood . avoid
i bought 2 sets expecting them to be as good as the other corning products i have used for over 30 years . 1 piece cracked in half while cooking vegetable in the microwave and one piece cracked in half while baking chicken in the oven ! i wrote to the company and they have not responded
these are substandard thin towels . they are cheap . the current price is far too much to pay , and they should be about a buck each . they are terrible in dealing with liquid because they are so thin . i find the pictures here deceptive...there is nothing here that you ca n't find in your grocery store cheaper .
after 5 washings , these towels still shed like a mother . grrr
i bought this with a lot of expectations hoping to cook indoor healthy grilled meats during winter . as soon as i saw the pan i was a little disappointed with the ridges . they are deep ( which is good ) but very thin and not thick as it appears in the product photos . so your meats will be less brown . after rubbing it with a litlle oil before cooking i set out to make my first set of turkey burgers . now the way i make my burgers is by adding some chopped onions , garlic , and green chillies to the ground meat . that is where the pan gave problems . the meat cooked ok but the small pieces of chopped onions , garlic , and chillies that fell out of the patties got burnt very fast and stuck to the pan making it difficult to clean . i spent about 20 mins cleaning each time . for cooking meat that is seasoned only this pan may be ok. for me it is sitting in the closet after two tries . i did not return it because the shipping costs would have made returning it too expensive in itself . update ( 12/18/2004 ) i bought a hamilton beach 31603 electric grill for around $ 20 which is tremendous . it is non-stick , dish-washer compatible and cooks great .
i got this with my food saver . it cracked in just a few uses . i 'm not pleased with jardian either . i was injured and ca n't talk when i tried to turn in a complaint by email . they said i needed to get a friend or family member to call them on the phone in order to get help . what ever happened to equal access for the handicapped ? maybe we handicapped should take our business elsewhere
i was not happy with this item at all . the pillowcases are really thin and after washing and drying them , they are extremely wrinkled . they also had " pills " on them after washing them before they were even used . very unsatisfactory
read the one review,five stars,have no clue as to why.it is a piece of junk.first the handle closes on my fingers continously,next it barely heats ,even on high,very poor steam.the teflon soleplate is rough and drags on the fabric.i wasted my money on a piece of trash from china . hope this does someone some good.bewar
i realize i 'm in the minority here , but i do not find this can opener comfortable to use . the crank does have a " good grip " , but i 'm not trying to grip it , i 'm trying to turn it . i do this by putting my right thumb under the near end and pushing up , with my index finger on the far end pushing down . the knob 's shape ( relatively short , fat in the middle and tapering to rounded ends ) makes this cumbersome and tiring . it does open cans cleanly most of the time , but if i 'm opening a large can or several cans , i reach for my old basic swingaway ( which sells , incidentally , for less than half the price of this oxo )
image is not the cover we received and needed . color was correct . the product seemed to be good quality . very disappointed it was not what we thought it was . still shopping for a cover to fit a board as shown . poor marketing
i received this saute pan for xmas . i have other caphalon ( no-stick ) pans and was delighted , based on claimed attributes of their top-of-line pan . however , my pan did not have a flat bottom which is a problem on an electric range . i returned to caphalon and hav'nt heard a thing . i tired to claim lost but ups has proof of delivery - i would like to get a known reliable brand . i dislike poor products , am extremly disappointed with the service and total inconvience of the warranty program .
i love oxo products for the most part but this product just is not well designed . it does open larger jars but it is clumsy and difficult to use . my husband and i have arthritis and i was hoping this opener would open twist off soda or water bottles that always seem to give us trouble . the opening is way too big to accomplish that so , back it went to the supermarket . i had hopes this oxo product could solve our bottle opening problem but since it does n't , i am rating this only one star .
i have a dead knife . this is a dangerous knife . as i was cutting something the handle and knife broke . i was only cutting cheese . this should not happen with a good knife . i loved it until it almost caused me major damage . so be careful with this one
i am a man who loves his tea . i drink up to a dozen cups a day , so i use my tea ball quite frequently . my major complaint with most tea balls , and the reason i must always replace them is that eventually the clip begins to not fasten securely . over time this gets worse , and the tea ball becomes unusable . there are other balls with clips that are a bit more sturdy . i just got this tea ball in the mail a week ago , and while it is still usable , the clip is already losing its grip . look somewhere else for a tea ball .
if you like scrapping food out of the bottom of a frying pan then this is the one to buy ! adding oil or cooking sprays did not help , even bacon slices stick to this pan ! i finally gave up and purchased a professional non stick frying pan and love it . this pan is going in my next garage sale
i bought a machine similar to this one late last year - it broke after about 30 cups . the 'tap ' for the steam jammed . i 'm still waiting for the repaired machine to be returned after 3 months - yes months , not weeks . according to delonghi service it will be another month before it 's repaired . i have no faith this will happen , nor that it will work for any length of time after i receive it . their service people , while reasonably pleasant , do n't help - they know virtually nothing and seem reluctant to go beyond just answering your questions . if you 're smart , you 'll go buy a coffee machine from someone else
i bought these classes earlier today because they are attractive and inexpensive . i placed them in the dishwasher to clean them all prior to use , and one was cracked and a small fragment of glass had broken away after the cycle was done . i then checked amazon 's reviews , and found that this was a common experience . they 're going back to the store tomorrow .
it does n't break , chip , or even discolor , but the base has a compound kick ( depression on the outside and protrusion on the inside . this makes a very messy exit from the dishwasher and precludes removal of debris on the inside . why has n't any one noticed ? where 's the reviews ? i own a dishwasher ( gee- ) and this is a very irritating function-having to drain the glass , dry again , and place in my cabinent-geez ! do n't buy it unless you have maids and butlers . the again do n't buy it because they 'll get miffed too !
i am simply amazed that anyone can be satisfied with this pan . i bought this pan last week . i fried bacon it on medium heat ( as advised by salesperson ) . bacon stuck . fried eggs on medium heat . eggs stuck . ok , must be my fault--try low heat . i fried bacon on low heat . bacon stuck . fried eggs on low heat . eggs stuck . pan would not come clean with hand washing and mild soap ( as the instructions advise ) . i promptly returned the pan and got a non-stick . my life is much better . do not be fooled by the pan 's good looks . think its just me ? my wife 's sister bought the same pan . her report : everything sticks . my sister has the pan . she hates it ! guess what ? everything sticks . how can a product be so popular and perform so aweful ? you are hereby on notice .
i 've had this for about 2 months and the handle snapped right off . when it was working it was great , but for the price i expected to get more than 6 uses ! i 'm very disappointed
this pan is a pure junk . there are already a couple of reviews and the people recognize that this is not a non-stick surface . this is true to the very end , i mean everything sticks like hell . so , if it sticks , why not buy a stainless steel pan instead . all this polymer invention is complete b * * ls * * t ! ! ! it does n't do anything ! i am returning this and i 'll get a 1 yr-lasting nonstick calphalon from amazon .
i used this seemingly incredible product and accidentally left it in the oven during a self-cleaning . it completely evaporated and left teflon covering the entire interior of the oven . i had to replace the oven ! it was toxic from the teflon powder . do not buy this product !
i was really excited to get the aluminum foil out of the bottom of my oven when i found this product , however , it did n't last very long . after less than two months use in my gas oven , this liner turned white and brittle because the non-stick surface had baked off ! i have never baked above 425 degrees , so the claims that it will withstand 550 degrees are outlandish . do n't waste your money
i have a lot of experience with steamers over the years - mine as well as others used in stores . stupid me , then , for not realizing that you get what you pay for . my jiffy steamer finally died after nine years , but it served me well . it is a machine of substance , solid parts , very stable . trust me - you do n't want to scrimp when it comes to working with a device designed to produce streams of hot steam ! i foolishly tried to save some money by getting the conair gs10rh , and i 'm returning it immediately . the well into which the telescoping pole sits is just about 1 inch deep - not deep enough to keep the pole stable . the brackets to hold the telescoped parts extended are n't firm - any heavy jacket will make them slide . the housing itself is amazingly lightweight ; i thought that was a good thing , but now i know why the jiffy steamer 's housing seems like it weighs a ton - you really do want the unit to be solidly anchored . handling a steamer is a serious matter . do n't take on unnecessary risk by getting an inexpensive , poorly designed , lightweight steamer like the conair . spend the extra money for the product that has been the standard bearer for years : jiffy . you wo n't regret it . and even though mine died after nine years , i have no regrets , and now i 'll do the right thing and get another
the design features for the on/off switch is a good idea if you have dry hands and are prone to dropping things . otherwise , the on/off switch is not good at all . the button is hard to press down and is a trigger type switch that does not allow for the blade to be left in the on position . you actually need to keep a lot of pressure of the switch to keep it going . the blade was sharp for the one and only time i used it . i took it back right after thanksgiving
i was given mr. bento as a gift last summer . i was so excited ! i bring a lunch to work every day , and i thought mr. bento would be the perfect solution to packing a well-organized , balanced , and easy-to-carry lunch . you can imagine my dismay when the mr. bento containers leaked day after day . anything remotely soft came out from the containers , which do not seal in a tupperware sort of way . cute ? yes . impress your co-workers ? yes . but practical ? no .
i have owned this blender for two years now and will have to replace it due to one of the plastic mixer pieces snapping off , causing it to continually leak . unfortunately it appears that i have to buy a whole new unit instead of just the pitcher portion . overall , there were definitely questions of durability over the years as small pieces broke off one by one , but it did tend to blend things . as a blender alone : it was not the most effective blender i have ever seen but neither was it the worst . it was truly mediocre through and through . as a smoothie maker : the mechanism used for the pour spout did n't allow any chunks to pass through , and it never quite seemed to blend well enough to break up those chunks . so as a smoothie maker it was not a good choice . on the good side , the stainless does look nice... although it was a little tall
this is the worst blender i 've ever used . bought it to make smoothies , but it has a hard time grinding frozen things . it never completely chops up frozen fruit , so i always end up sucking down huge hunks of semi-mushy fruit when i try to blend with this thing . not pleasant . it 's also loud and it moves a lot . sometimes it vibrates so hard the carafe detaches slightly from the base , and when you lift the carafe to pour your drink into a glass you find a fruity puddle in the base 's well . i strongly discourage anyone from ever purchasing this horrible thing
i have brewed coffee with and without the ridiculously expensive filters and can not tell the difference . if there was , i still would n't pay this much for plastic and charcoal . what were the designers thinking ? ? ? it is just coffee , not fine wine !
after checking every store i could think of and accepting that i 'd have to go online , i laughed out-loud when i saw this price ! what was mr. coffee thinking ? i read the other reviews of these filters and became aware that i do n't even need them ! duh , i have filtered water in our house ! thank you mr. " train man . " the little carbon filter sounded like a good idea , but my coffee will survive without it . at least it 's not a total loss because i like the coffee maker itself . happy brewing .
i am usually very pleased with oxo products , but this one is a big disappointment . i have not found it to be good for or at anything . wished i 'd saved the five bucks
i like the solid construction but i also like strong coffee . this machine does not " spray the entire filter basket " . instead , water dribbles out of a 2-inch diameter ring , leaving dry grounds at the end of the brew cycle . i sent the first one back . the replacement does the same thing . kitchenaid customer service confirms that , despite the discription on amazon , the unit does not spray the entire filter basket . i 'm sending the replacement back also . if you love strong coffee , do n't buy this machine
i chose this set of knives because of the calphalon name ( i love my cookware ! ) , german steel use , and the description , " hygienic fiberglass-reinforced poly resin handle will not absorb moisture , crack , split , or chip . " i was disappointed to find that one of the sets i ordered was already showing signs of rust -- even though the set was unused and delivered in a " sealed " box , all four handles had rust marks
i bought this set of knives 2 years ago . i have not experienced the rust or pock marks that other reviewers have , and i have been pleased with the way my knives have stayed sharp even with a lot of use . the purpose for my buying this set was because of the locking feature . i have little children at home and wanted to make the knives inaccessable to them . unfortunately the locking mechanism is a little too hard to open for me . mine gets stuck on lock and then i ca n't get it open without pulling on it with great force . and when you are pulling on something full of sharp knives , that is a little uncomfortable to say the least . i have worried more than once that the force i have had to use to open it would cause the knives to all fly out when it came free . they never have , but it is unnerving . i tried to contact cuisinart about it , to no avail . no complaints on the knives , and i love that there are extra slots in the block for expanding the set , which i have . but do n't buy the product strictly for the locking feature , it is not worth it
this thermometer lasted about a month before going in to permanent " hi " mode . what a ripoff
bought my first vornado years ago , and is the best fan i 've ever seen . decided to get a second one... purchased this model . first unit had bad vibration , returned it . second unit less vibration , but very noisy . also returned . when i compare this unit to my original vornado , the quality of construction is noticeably much inferior . i do n't know if this applies to the rest of the vornado lineup or not .
more money then its worth . makes alot of noise , small , no oscillation
mine broke on the 3rd use ! no need to say anymore
worked great the first couple of times . i did n't keep it on the charger for 24 hours ( not realizing that this is a problem ) and now the battery only works for 10 minutes at a time . it 's now basically worthless
