for those of you unfamiliar with the " a series of unfortunate events " books , they detail the absurdly tragic lives of the fictional baudelaire orphans , and their struggles to overcome adversity ( after adversity , after adversity , ad infinitum ) . hovering in the background of their tragedies and occasional , brief glimpses of happiness , is their distant cousin , the scheming , greedy , conniving , ruthless cousin , the count . given the concept of the story , this poster fits perfectly , with the orphans , standing together but otherwise alone , in the middle , with the shadow of the count casting gloom upon them . it is a perfect fit , as is the casting of jim carrey as the count
i absolutely love this product . my neighbor has four little yippers and my shepard/chow mix was antogonized by the yipping on our side of the fence . i hung the device on my side of the fence and the noise keeps the neighbors dog from picking " arguments " with my dog . all barking and fighting has ceased . all the surrounding neighbor as well as me can get a good nights sleep now
i purchased 3 units and they work well for us . i have 2 units in children 's bedrooms on ac power and the 3rd in the kitchen on batteries for portability . the sound is clear and set-up and use is very easy . the best thing about these units is the vox answer option . i have this option turned on in the kid 's room and they merely have to answer back when i talk to them first without having to push the " talk " button . this is very handy when you are talking to a 3 yr. old that does n't quite understand how to use this . i attached a large , very thin magnet on the back of my kitchen unit and i keep it on my fridge ; but can bring it with me to other parts of the house if necessary . the only small annoying feature is every time the " talk " button is pressed , a beep occurs . but the other features outweight that small annoyance for me
i 've always wanted a deep fryer , and finally decided to take the plunge . after doing quite a bit of research , i decided on this model - picked one up at bed , bath , and beyond with a 20 % coupon . in my opinion , you generally get what you pay for - so the extra cost vs. competitors was n't a real concern . i must say , overall , i am quite pleased . while i am new to frying , i found it extraordinarily easy ( it is pretty hot though , so be careful ) . only complaint would be that the capacity is a little on the small side , say if you 're cooking entrees for a larger family ( for example , you can really only fit 3 ( maybe 4 ) pieces of chicken at a time ) . but since the chicken needs to cool down anyway , this was n't such a major issue . it came out nice , crispy , and golden brown - not too soggy , not too crisp - perfect . i figure if it can handle the chicken , vegetables and smaller portions will be a piece of cake . although i 've only fried a couple of batches , i am beyond pleased - but i 'll let you know if i have any problems... great item so far though .
easy to use , easy to clean . two major requirements for a kitchen appliance for me to be happy . this thing is easier to clean than my old george foreman grill ( and that to me was a pain in the neck ) . the only time it can be a little messy is when you change the oil , which i do every 2 to 3 weeks depending on how much i 've used it and what i 've cooked . if i 'm doing just veggies , i keep the oil . if i do a meat or seafood , i 'll change the oil right after . very pleased overall .
i 've been a german knife snob for years . but this 8-inch chef 's knife by japan 's global is the finest blade i 've ever owned . period . maybe it 's not as easy to sharpen as a wustof or a henckel , but then again , it holds its edge ten times longer . i 've spent ten years and hundreds ( and hundreds and hundreds ! ) of dollars collecting german steel . global is so good that it has me thinking of starting all over again
i have a number of booklites , different vendors , different styles , some ac adapter , some straight battery , cheap to higher prices , and this one is the best , the brightest , the one i will most often use . it is connected to adapter and kept near computerat all times . i am careful with such items , do n't expect any problems , most booklites are not meant to be manhandled
used vet 's rx to treat my dog 's ear and it didnt seem to work . after reading reviews i decided to try this . after only 1 week i noticed a considerable amount of change in her ears for the better . would recommend to others
i was so thrilled when i unpacked my processor . it is so high quality and professional in both looks and performance . it has so many features that i love , especially the triple bowl which allows you to process more than one substance at a time . the egg beater attachment is excellent also . i am one happy customer and recommend this processor to all
the kitchenaid kfpw760 is exactly as advertised . it has three nested work bowls . the inner , smallest one takes a special blade ( a smaller version of the standard processor blade ) . it 's perfect for pulverizing/mixing small quantities of things . pulling the used bowl out leaves the next one ready for use without having to stop and clean something . the same is true for the next one until you reach the largest , 12 cup bowl . a number of blades come in a well designed transparent and strong storage box ( finally , a way to keep everything together ) . the unit even has with a fruit juicer accessory that replaces the bowl . it 's the kind with the rotating hub ( two hub sizes are included , one for lemons and a larger one for oranges , etc ) . while it seems to work , it 's not as convenient as a low cost dedicated version such as the black & decker , but what the heck , it 's worth trying . the motor is quiet and you get a real feeling of professionalism when using it . at first i was disappointed that there were n't any fancy front panel switch options , but after thinking about it , you only need the provided on , off and pulse . would i buy it again ? absolutely . would i buy it again from amazon ? again , absolutely . the transaction was without difficulty and the shipment actually came earlier than promised
i love this bookcase . my only problem with it is that the bottom right side slat of wood arrived split ( a bit ) , but it still fit together , so i kept it ( excuse the rhymes , please ) . it 's amazing that despite being somewhat broken it still holds 60 books , including some big heavy hardcovers , 20 dvds , 3 dvd box sets , 12 videotapes , and a few pictures and knicknacks . and yet it takes up hardly any space in my tiny bedroom . best part : the ease with which you can put it together . i have ms , so being able to put furniture together by myself is a very big deal . highly recommended
as a tea lover for 30 years , i have to say this electric kettle is the best one in terms of cost-benefit and performance . i 've used this kettle for more than 1 year and it 's still working perfectly . it boils water very quickly and keeps warm for a while . a +
my only reservation is for safety sake , it would probably be better to get the version that is wireless , because when you fill this in the sink you must be very careful not to get the electrical prong that connects to the cord wet .
this kettle is amazing . it 's simple -- you plug it in and flip the switch ( a light turns on to let you know it 's working ) . it heats very quickly , &lt ; 5 minutes for a full kettle of boiling water and if you only want a cup or two for tea , it heats in about 3 . for students in dorms , you can use it for oatmeal , soup , tea . automatically cuts off after boiling for a minute , so no worries about fire hazards . great product , i use it every day .
i love using them and when washed in fabric softener they are great . it is a great deal . was kind of worried before purchase from reading some of the other reviews but after having had them a week , my whole family loves them . they are much better than the more expensive famous designer towels that i have . for people who are complaining about these towels , go price similar items at your local high end department stores
braun makes the best coffee makers and this feature makes it even better . the coffee tastes more smooth because of this filter . i love it
great kit however the book that comes with the kit needs some work . the photos in the book are not accurate with the descriptions . i recommend that if you need canning instructions or recipes you get a separate book
when i first saw this pattern on-line , i was truly impressed with the design . this pattern was exactly what i had been searching for such a long time . however , after i received the shipment , i could n't believe how even more beautiful these dishes were...and they compliment the wallpaper that 's in my dining room ! best purchase i have made in a very long time
as a mathematician , game theorist , and proud chi omicron chi ( xox , aka " xocks " ) brother , i have always been interested in this the simplest of m,n,k games , i.e . games in which players alternate placing markers on an m x n board with each player trying to place k of his or her markers in a row . as every game theorist knows , perfect tic-tac-toe play by both players results in a tie game every time , with neither player achieving victory . the clever child will figure this out on her own , as i did at an early age , and i lost interest in playing tic-tac-toe before i turned five . i never lost interest , however , in studying tic-tac-toe and similar games , which began my pursuit of mathematics and game theory , and partly accounts for my joining chi omicron chi as a college freshman . as part of our initiation , pledges had to play a modified form of tic-tac-toe with vodka-filled shot glasses for markers . each player had five glasses , and as he placed his marker , he would empty his glass . the loser would drink the remaining shot glasses . most of us knew how to play perfect games of tic-tac-toe , so really the point of the game , as with most fraternity games , was to see who could best hold his liquor . i do remember one unfortunate pledge , bob , who never figured out how to play perfect tic-tac-toe and nearly drank himself into catatonia . all these thoughts came rushing , so to speak , back to me when i saw the " shot glasses tic-tac-toe " available for so reasonable a price at about a dollar per component . i have a four-year-old son who has yet to perfect his tic-tac-toe game , so i bought this set to educate him . we play the same way i did in the xocks fraternity house . of course i do n't give him pure vodka in his shot glasses ; he only weighs 35 lbs . as 35 lbs represents approximately a fifth of my own weight , i dilute his vodka in a 1-to-4 dilution with orange juice . i know what you 're thinking : what happens when he loses and must finish off the remaining shot glasses , including mine ? i am nothing if not fair , so when he loses , i give him an equivalent amount of diluted vodka to however much pure vodka i have remaining in my shot glasses . since i , knowing how to play perfect tic-tac-toe , never lose to my son , the reverse problem , my having to drink his remaining shots , never occurs . my son loses more often than not , and he usually ends up walking into walls , falling down , and later becoming violently sick . you would think all this negative reinforcement would promote rapid and forceful mastery of tic-tac-toe , but his cognitive development must be lacking . i can only surmise that the time delay between his losing tic-tac-toe games and the negative effects of alcohol poisoning inhibits his forming the negatively reinforcing connections . he still loves to play , however , but his game , if anything , seems to be getting worse , almost as if he is trying to lose
these knives are great . they are very sharp and of high quality .
i thought i could n't live without my cuisinart or kitchen aide - this product goes on the same list ! ! ! this was the easiest , best performing kitchen &quot ; gizmo&quot ; i have ever had . a must for entertaining and holiday baking - simple , easy - no mess ! gone are the days with the &quot ; one at a time&quot ; with the gas burner ! ! love it , love it ! !
this is my third pair of kitchen shears . the first was $ 10 and lasted a week . i thought the second pair was just fine until my shun shears arrived . these cut well and are also very smooth while cutting . they fit my hand nicely . i can really feel the difference in quality . these can perform different functions -- opening bottles , jar opener , nut cracker -- one blade has a curve in it to accomodate bone . i love that they are dishwasher safe . i probably would n't have purchashed these if i were not completing a shun set . but now that i have them , this is what i should have been using all along
the knife is solid and very comfortable in hand , however , when i got it new , the blade is slightly bent . i expect it to be in almost perfect condition , but it 's not
this knife is well worth the money . it is not only sharp but it behaves in your hand begging to be tuned loose on meat vegetables , fruit you name it . honestly , i felt it was too much for me but as i got better accustomed to its heft , i knew it was me that did not possess the skills to wield the tool . do not doubt yourself , learning to use it is a joy . treat yourself
i really like this tea press . it is the perfect size for one person .
i made plenty of pizzas on several types of thin metal baking pans , and the results were consistenly mediocre . now however , with this pizza stone , i no long find myself ordering pizza for delivery . 1 cup water or beer 2 1/2 cups flour ( maybe a 1/4-cup of whole-wheat flour mixed in ) 1 package of dry yeast 1 teaspoon salt 1 tablespoon sugar 1 tablespoon butter  knead and let rise twice ( i used to do it by hand , but now i have a bread maker which works perfectly for this purpose on the 'dough ' setting ) . this makes two pizzas around 14 inches in diameter . either roll them out with a rolling pin , or press them into shape by hand . the dough seems to be too elastic to " throw " it into shape - i think it 's a skill that takes a long while to master . i make pizza sauce with a can of tomato paste , some red wine and/or water , chopped parsley , chopped basil , dried oregano , chopped garlic and chopped onion . i 've also used pasta sauce ( prego or ragu ) with acceptable results . i almost always top with mozarella and thinly-sliced mushrooms . i use parchment baking paper under the pizza . i slide it on and off the stone this way , without resorting to corn meal . this works perfectly for me every time . heat the oven up _hot_ ( 500 degrees ) . it will only take 5 minutes to bake at this temperature . when the cheese is beginning to brown around the edges , it is done . the crust is golden-brown on the bottom , with just a bit of crunch . if i let the crust rise a bit after preparing the pizza , it will be softer and thicker . store-bought frozen pizzas are also better when cooked on this stone . i 'm giving only 4 stars because of the price . there must be a cheaper alternative to this stone , but i 'm not complaining too much , because i 've thoroughly enjoyed the pizzas it 's produced
i had never used a pizza stone but , thought they might be fun so , i put one on my registry . i made pizza on the stone using store bought dough and got rave reviews from friends . would definately reccomend this to a friend ! just remember to let the stone heat thoroughly before using .
i purchased this machine for my father , who is completely blind , but a complete coffee fiend . he finds this machine easy to use , and loves the fact that he can make as many or as few cups . i highly recommend this machine
heavy duty and scratch resistant ( my husband always tests this with his house key ) . good value for the money
i just received my jiffy steamer j-4000 pro-line . it was missing a funnel which would be no big deal if they had not printed the words " use enclosed funnel " in caps every where . i sent an email and they said they will send me one ( they seem to have a good customer service ) . now that we have dispensed with the whining , lets talk about the product itself . if you need sharp lines on your pants or shirt stick with your iron , this is not for you . however if you would like to take wrinkles out of your clothes and you do n't want to bother with hanging them in the bathroom while you take a shower or taking them out of the dryer on time , this does do an amazing job . i have also purchased a jiffy personal hand held steamer that works fairly well and provides adequate amount of steam for most of your needs . however if you take wrinkles out frequently and have the space go for j-4000 . you get the wrinkles out faster . if you have a concern about startup time , you do have some control over that . i just put enough cold water in there for a few shirts and it started steaming in 4 minutes . if you put hot water out of the tab and reduce the amount of water you can get even quicker startup time . or you can put it on standby in the morning before you go to the shower and put it on steam when you are ready to use it . standby setting uses a thermostat to keeps the water temperature at 90c degrees ( close to boiling ) . if you can afford it , buy one . it would make a great re-gift item if you find out that you do n't like it
i absolutely love my kitchenaid mixer . i like to bake and always use my mixer . i use it to mix cake batters and knead dough . cakes come out perfect every time . the mixer is a necessity for every baker 's kitchen . it is a durable product and will last a lifetime . the mixer is well built and well designed . cleanup is easy too . just remove the bowl and beater and wash by hand or in the dishwasher . the mixer comes with one bowl , kneading hook , flat paddle beater and whisk-type beater . there are also many accessories available for the kitchenaid mixers . i recommend the kitchenaid mixer for every kitchen . the more you use it , the more you will love it .
this is a perfect machine for the office . it takes up very little space,is very simple to use , cleaning is a breeze . you can fill the water tank so that water is ready when you are for a cup of delicious coffee . i purchased this coffee maker for my husband 's office and for my wallet . in his building there is a coffee shop but at $ [ ... ] a cup and time away from the desk 1 half hour per cup this was an expensive habit . the melitta paid for itself in a few days . you ca n't go wrong with this produc
i ordered all three colors of these mugs - red , blue and white . the blue and white mugs have a shiny , even glaze . the red glaze is mottled and has more of a matte finish , giving it a more rustic , country look . the mugs are great but the three different colors look very different and really do n't match each other .
works well , well built and easy to clean . have no problems after a few months of use
i have used this filter daily for over a year and love it . at first i tried using it in a " mr. coffee " style machine , but found that my coffee grind was too fine and the water would filter through too slowly and overflow if i made more than 2 cups . since i make coffee for one or two people usually , and do n't like to leave the coffee on the hot pad , so this was okay for me . then i switched to single-cup method using a drip filter holder that fits over the cup . i bought it along with a cup at a starbucks about 3 years ago . one thing that is great about the swissgold filter is that it cleans so easily . the first time i rinsed it out i took a paper towel to the inside and it came out clean . i was very surprised . ( not so with the plastic filter holder . )  the taste is great , and i have n't purchased coffee filters in 3 years . once i tried it with a coarse grind coffee in my coffemaker , which i received as a gift , and that worked out okay , too . currently i am using it with my caffiene free teeccino herbal coffees ( help me keep my blood pressure normal under stress ) , and the filter works very well with those blends . so i highly recommend it . it pays for itself if you are looking at it from that aspect .
me being an avid coffee drinker i will have to say if you want a quick cup it does the job . for the money its cheap and provides a quick cup but you better have good coffee i used the pods and found it to be weak at time and sometimes you need a stronger cup i think more brewing is better . sometimes was a bit messy water all over the place but maybe im a bull in a china shop would recommend the item i spent more on starbucks in a week
this may sound odd , but this is the first steamer that i have ever had . so needless to say , i do not have others to compare it to . however,i find that i use it more than i thought i would ! the unfolded steamer fits perfectly in the pot that i most use for vegies and the like , and when i pull out the sides ( the steaming tray ) it fits nicely up the sides of the pot . besides your basic steamed vegies , i find that it 's perfect for warming up leftovers like rice , leaving it hot and fluffy . i like that the handle extends , so you can keep the cover on it while cooking , but you can extend the handle for easier lifting . and you ca n't beat the price
so i read all your reviews previous to my purchase on this and was skeptical . there were many reviewers that complained about cracks and problems holding an air-tight seal . mine work perfectly ! they are invaluable and i 'm glad i bought two of these canisters . are you people sending the canisters through the dishwasher ? if so , stop it ! the intense heat will eventually crack anything made of plastic . do you have an old model vacuum sealer ? maybe that 's the problem - a performance issue . i have the newer stainless steel v2860 and you could n't pry that out of my hands ! i would give it 10 stars if there was such a rating . today , i give this product 5 stars . like most products - only time will tell how well they will hold out in the long run
at first i thought i would n't be able to decide what to use this for , but right away i remembered that i just bought a six pack of onion rolls and they always seemed to have to be frozen and were just not the same later or went moldy in the fridge , so i vacuum sealed them in this and they were good to the last one with no flavor change at all . yummy ! ; 7
i love this wok . heavy duty compared to woks you buy at oriental stores . i highly recommend it
at first i was turned off by the bright ( gaudy ) colors . however , i have learned to appreciate that these knives are color-coded ! they stand out in the knife drawer , and you can always find the one you are looking for . consequently , the right knife is used to get the job done . the knives are indestructable and durable . we have owned ours 4-5 years and they show no unusual wear . put them into the dishwasher ! we do n't do that with another knife ( regretted it when we have ) , but these can take it . the knives are well-designed for function , comfortable to handle , strong , & sharp . we love them and gave sets to our adult kids who always are commenting on how useful they are . friends that visit and use ours comment favorably on them . these are n't showy knives for formal dining nor will they impress anyone with your classy style . however , they do impress everyone who uses them . and , the price is nice
i have had these knives for about 6 months now and could not be happier . they have excellent balance and feel . a major improvement to the stamped knives that comes with the calphalon 15 piece set . the wood storage tray that comes with the knives is not very nice ( light pine with no finish ) , but i do n't use it anyway
delighted to have it for my wood floors , tile and area rugs . works great picking up cat fur and other organic and non-organic detritus that collects . does require emptying the fur catcher and cleaning the brush regularly - gosh darn ! so much easier to do that than taking a broom or dust mop to the entire house . also have to set up the virtual walls and carry it upstairs and down , when i want to change areas being cleaned . again , gosh darn ! ca n't totally eliminate all the work , no matter how much i might like to . do n't know what was wrong with it initially that it needed to be reconditioned , but its fine now
this dutch oven is a workhorse in my kitchen . i purchased it pre-seasoned because i 've never had a factory-seasoned piece of cast iron cookware . bottom line : while the pre-seasoning was a plus , it 's not necessary . just follow the seasoning instructions that come with all the lodge cookware , and you 'll be fine . my family has had cast iron for generations , and i wo n't pay the exhorbitant prices for those " upscale , professional " dutch ovens that are all the rage these days . this lodge oven browns spectacularly , and while the dark interior may not show the developing fond as well as a lighter one , that 's not a problem if one simply uses one 's nose . we can all tell when enough is enough.. . i particularly like the spikes on the lid of this oven which are n't present on the more expensive ones . these spikes allow condensation to fall back only my roasts while they cook and i do n't have to worry about a dry product . the lid on this oven also fits the 12-inch skillet which i own , and that 's a plus . it conducts heat well and when i use it camping as an oven , breads and biscuits come out as well as at home . yes , it 's heavy , but that 's the nature of cast iron , no ? ? if you want something lighter that comes close to the quality of this lodge piece , be prepared to shell out big bucks
this is the second one of these i 've purchased ( the first was a thermos branded one without the cover ) . it keeps my can of soda , etc cold throughout and adds a touch of class to keeping it on my desk . both of these are very rugged and i would highly recommend over a standard foam cooler . absolutely the most functional , effective , and classy cooler i 've ever had !
the nissan multi-function can insulator is a lightweight versatile stainless steel holder that effectively keeps canned beverages cold . my mother and i find the product allows our soft drinks to remain cold after more than two hours . i have two conveniently stored in the center console of my automobile , 1 at the office , and 1 in my luggage for travel .
just used my pan last night and as always with lodge logic pans they were awesome ! i highly recommend them . =
i 'm sure that you will love this set as much as my family and i do ! each piece is durable and good looking ! my original set was also by sango , and i gave it away after 20 years only because my decor had changed dramactically . now my neighbor is enjoying my original service for 12 . i expect to enjoy my new gold dust set for at least , the next 20 years
when we got married 7 years ago , we were given a hand mixer of another brand ( sunbeam , i think ) that had seven ( or was it nine ? ) speeds and lots of different attachments ( dough hook , wisk , etc. , none of wich worked well ) . i have a hard time remembering exact spefications because it died after 6 months , and i had n't even mixed anything heavy with it ! i always mixed most of my flour into things by hand to try to spare the motor ( my mom had burnt through several mixers ) . so we went to the store , and for $ 30 we could get another cheap brand with many speeds and fancy gadgets ( several brands & models available ) , or we could get this kitchenaid with one set of beaters and three speeds . i chose this simple kitchaid and have never been sorry . this little hand mixer takes it all--even stiff cookie dough like roll-out sugar cookies . and it mixes every last bit of the flour in . beaters do n't clog , dough mixes up smooth . i plan on someday getting a bigger kitchenaid , but so far have n't needed it . if you are on a budget , and need to get the most power for your penny , this is the best purchase you could possibly make
i have owned a lot of crappy toasters and actually have n't gotten another for the past 6 years . i 've resorted to pan toasting in order to avoid another bad purchase . finally got tired of so much effort for toast and broke down and got this toaster . it 's so easy to use and it even defrosts frozen bread and can warm up an already toasted slice without retoasting . worked amazingly well to heat a cold slice of pizza but i 'm sure braun is cringing if they read this ! i love the little pull out tray , you do n't have to pick up the whole darn thing and hold it over the sink and beat it to death ! the toast comes out very even and perfectly toasted every time . slots are wide too so a bagel is no problem . it is fast too , so you wo n't miss it not being a 4 slice toaster . i think you will be pleased with this great toaster , i am
the braun ht500 is one of the best designed toasters i have ever used . what i really like... .  1 . a single long & wide slot , allowing you to toast large or unusually shaped pieces of bread . i have used it to toast very thick pieces of bread , long hoagee rolls , and those huge hamberger buns that wo n't fit in a standard toaster slot . 2 . very clean , modern appearance . looks great sitting on the kitchen counter , whereas many of the other toaster models today look like ugly chrome spaceships from the 1950 's . personally , i 'm not into that kind of retro look . 3 . an led light that is clearly visible when the toaster is " on " , allowing you to quickly see the status of your toast from the other side of the room . 4 . when the toast is done , it pops-up only part way . this helps keep your toast warm prior to you extracting it . you then pull the lever up a notch higher and it raises the toast up very high , making it easy to pull-out even very small pieces of bread . 5 . it toasts evenly . of course , you would expect this . but you 'd be surprised how some very expensive toasters i 've used in the past were often poor in this area . of all those items , the first one is by far the most important . strangely however , few manufacturers today make a long & wide toaster any longer . braun is one of the few that does . that fact combined with the great design is reason for me to give it a hearty recommendation
great blender ! i use it daily to make smoothies and it never fails . powerful motor purees frozen fruits great ! ! simple--only two speeds . easy clean-up
i have only used this blender once , but already i love it . i will update my review if anything changes . no more cheapo blenders for me ! i have tried oster ( really bad ) , and black and decker from walmart ( a tad better , but it did n't work on frozen fruit and ice ) . first , with the waring , i made a frozen island oasis mix using ice , and the consistency was amazing . second , since i 'm single , i absolutely love the small size ( i think it 's like 24 oz or so ) . third , it 's not really that loud . i mean no louder than any other blender i 've used . fourth , there are no cheap plastic parts ! yay ! only high quality parts . the jar is stainless steel . if the two top pieces are plastic or polycarbanate ( ? ) , they are of very high quality . fifth , the blades are built into the stainless steel container , and it 's a snap to clean . just add a cup of water , a few drops of cleaning liquid , run the blender for 30 seconds or so , rinse , dry and you 're done ! cuts my cleaning time down considerably . moreover , there 's no unscrewing and cheap plastic round things that always tear . there is absolutely no way that you would have problems with a leaking jar . last , i did n't have any problems with a burning smell . i am sticking with waring products . my mother has one ( at least 32 years old ) , and it still works
the temperature readings were spot on . there are multiple ways to display it , hang it from the shelves in your oven , place it on the bottom of your oven . it 's very stable , does n't fall over , mostly because of it 's 4 inch length . but... as with all things in the oven , this will become splattered with grease , and harder to read , and you 'll want to wash it....do n't ! any type of cleaning , be it abrasive , or chemical , such as simple green , will erase the temperature markings... and make it useless
this ice cream maker is " great " . the fact that i can use an industrial motor ( my kitchen aid mixer ) is fantastic . it is my belief that the ice cream maker itself is as near perfect as you can get , contrary to other reviews . if you read the description and instructions , you will find that it is not the biggest maker on the market and that it does exactly what it says it will...it makes " great " ice cream .
i love this pan . as for cooking : this pan does a great job on steaks , burgers , chicken , whatever . leaves really nice grill marks . the only thing you will need to do is have a cover or splatter shield for it . i use a 16 " round cover from a much bigger pan just to avoid some of the little drops of grease spattering out on my range . this seems to work just find for me . as for cleaning : i let it cool a little after cooking and pour some water ( no soap ! ) into the bottom of the pan while it is just hot enough for the water to boil a little , and using a wooden spatula ( only use wood in this pan ) , i scrape all the fond away ( burnt tasty bits stuck to the pan ) and pour into the sink . i repeat this once or twice and put the pan back on the heat and wipe it down with a paper towel . i then use some supermarket brand canola oil spray and lightly coat the inside while the pan is still warm . takes about 2 minutes to do this . i store this pan in my oven since it tends to have a light coat of oil on it all the time . this pan is so well worth the hand cleaning to have especially since i live in an apartment and do n't have access to a grill
the diadem cooking set roughly meets the wmf criteria , though there are slight imperfections on the metal and the top . the products are made im china . at first i thought something was wrong , then i looked at the wmf site and indeed they have a factury in china , so they must be genuine , however , i think amazon should clearly state if they are made in china or germany , i ordered another wmf kettle last week , made in germany and i think there is a differenc
i did not find a problem with the balance , as previously mentioned by another reviewer . the only thing a potential buyer needs to be aware of is , that if they are planning on tossing their food , they had better be strong because this unit is heavy ! other than that , it proves to be very useful for large portions . it heats quickly , heats evenly , holds the heat and leaves plenty of room to stir . yes , it does heat evenly and allows the heat to drift up the sides . the purpose of a stirfry pan is to allow heat to move the sides of the pan to allow food touching the sides of the pan to cook as well . now keep in mind , there isnt a perfect stirfry pan out on the market if you are cooking on a traditional gas top , flat top or coil range . true frying ala asian style is done on an open flame !
calphalon katana knives excel in balance , efficient design , sharpness , and in good looks . i look forward to using them every time i prepare food
this is simply the best pan i own . * if * you follow the directions on how to cook with this pot , you wo n't have a problem with sticking . it 's easy to use , easy to clean , works for just about everything ( except maybe making pancakes - for which you would want a non-stick griddle ) . i just love being able to use metal utensils with this pot and not having to worry about scratching it . love it
reliable , easy to use , rice always comes out perfectly , no burning , easy to clean - what more could you ask of a rice cooker
le creuset 's grills , woks , and frying pans come with a textured black enamel that needs to be " seasoned " like tradiitonal cast iron . there are instructions in the product pamphlet as to how to do this . basically after removing the stickers using a warm water and soap soak and drying the pan , the pan is coated with a thin layer of vegetable oil with a paper towel and heated at medium heat until the oil smokes . let the pan cool , remove the oil with a paper towel , and repeat two or three times . a surface " patina " builds up that is quite non-stick . from now on the pan can be cleaned with a moist towel . in the case of burned-on food , a brief soak in soapy water works well . as the pan is used the patina continues to build . le creuset 's omelete pans do come with silverstone non-stick if you like non-stick . the textured enamel works well and is stable at higher heats than non-stick coating . i own a le creuset wok , a square grill pan , and three frying pans with this textured finish and i find that they work fine after being seasoned this way . i also own a le creuset omlete pan that has a good non-stick coating . this pan work fine for delicate foods like egg and pancake preparations . the textured finish pans work well for grilling meats , stir fries , and other hardier preparations . if you use good non-scratch silicone or nylon tools in your le creuset wares and a small amout of pam or a little oil spread with a paper towel you will have no problems .
this is a super convenient item . i do n't lock it so messing with the lock is not an issue . the lock could probably be a little more user friendly . it stores everything just great . it keeps the dust off of my cuisinart goodies . i have another three-blade disc holder too . that one came with my cuisinart . this one is a must-have .
i am glad that i finally have a storage unit to hold my sharp cuisinart blades . i have three little kids and the thought of them getting their little hands on them always had me worried . the only design flaw is that it can be difficult to open and then lock back into place . i knew this going into my purchase and decided to take the chance as the flaw was better then not having to worry about my children . hopefully cuisinart is aware of the design flaw and working to fix it
i got this as a gift from my mother when i moved to my first apartment away from home . she already had one , and loved it . i use mine quite frequently , and makes quick work of dicing onions and peppers for philly steaks or burgers . my brother and father have also since purchased these units . i have had mine going on 5 years now , not a problem with it . great value , good gift for cooks for one or two , who do not need a huge unit to chop stuff .
my mother-in-law got me one of these when i started feeding my first son baby food . before , i would just mash up our food with a fork . this is much easier . i 've had it for three years now and it 's still working great . i use it for everything , now . my husband does n't like veggies , and i when i cook i usually put onion , celery , and bell pepper in everything . now we get the taste of my beloved vegtables , and he does n't have to deal with the chunks . great product !
heads and tails above my 8 year old hoover wind-tunnel bagged unit . never did understand the 8 bucks for 3 bags . hoover should have given the vacuum away due to always having to replace bags every week ( adds up to big bucks quickly ) . the dyson kicks butt... three times the dirt is picked up every week when compared to hoover bag replacement size of dirt removed . wish the dyson had self propelled system.. . the house keeper would n't be so tired after 3 hours ; o ) handy hose and a really well thought out system . hands down the best unit i 've ever owned . time will tell if it holds up like the hoover unit did . wo n't miss the belt replacements ( 2 ) or the bag cost on the hoover . would i buy another ? if it holds up like my hoover did... you bet... like i stated before : kicks butt at picking up dog fur- !
i received this tea kettle as a replacement for a nova teakettle ( the former model ) that i purchased in october 2005 . part of the quality of a product is how the company stands behind it , and breville is excellent in this area . my former kettle developed a short in the on/off switch . i notified the company by email , and i received an email response in 3 hours asking some questions and for more detail . in 3 more hours , i received an email with a fed-x label . they indicated they wanted to see the product , and they would either repair or replace it . within a week , i had this new model as a replacement , since they no longer make the nova . i then received a follow up phone call from breville to make sure i got and liked the new product , which i do . the warranty period for the new product starts again , so it has a full one year warranty . i also asked about the switch , since i was concerned that this could be a problem , and they assured me that this is a problem they just do n't have with the applicances . the customer service rep indicated that in 10 years , he had seen about 6 of the type of problem i had . it seems that a customer service rep that has worked for a company for 10 years also says something about the company . the new kettle heats quickly and to a full boil . it also has the sharp looks where you can use for entertaining . i am happy with the product , and very happy with the company 's service
this electric water heater feels very solid and well built . when filled to 1.7 liters , it takes about 6 min 30 seconds to boil . the kettle automatically shuts off when it boils and makes a nice bell noise when finished . i thought this would be annoying , but it is not ! also , when switched on , there is a nice white led lighting up the water supply making it easy to read . my only complaint about this kettle is that it is rather loud ( which is why i only gave it 4 stars ) when it is on . a few moments after the switch is turned on , it makes this rumbling noise for the entire duration of operation
i love this fryer ! its just the right size for my kitchen.its not big and bulky like other fryers . its easy to clean too . its a winner in my book
i knew going in that these were not " thick " , but i am pleased with these sheets . would i buy them again ? yes , aslong as the price is as low as i got them for ( under 20 bucks )
these sheets are soft wash well and set the pace for a great night 's sleep . i love flannel sheets and these are the best so far .
this thing tears through meat , i hate to chewy beef and stringy chicken , so this attachment is my new bud . works fantastic on cereal to ( dry not wet ) . buy it , you wo n't regret it
i ordered this item when it was not available at that time so it took a while for me to get it-but i was impressed at the careful packing and the product itself-very elegant looking cake set and can be used as a punch bowl too-would certainly recommend it for all hosts
i recieved this cake plate a couple weeks ago . it 's very heavy and well made . it came boxed extra well . the box was inside another box surrounded by air bags . there was no way this thing was going to be broken . i am happy with my purchase
lodge logic has exploded from a small corner shop in one lonely town in vermont , to a nationwide powerhouse ready and eager to bust down to the door to your house and fill your kitchen with finest in waffle press technology . i 'm of course referring to the cutting edge finnish design that lodge has presented here . i 'm able to pretty much press out an entire course of breakfast in well under an hour with this thing , easily producing a feast fit for the third reich .
pyrex is always the best ! this enormous measuring cup is great for melting in the microwave and for a homemade double boiler in any pot . the lid is a hard plastic top with flexible sides that seal up tight so you can use it to store things in the fridge and to carry things places . also the cover is safe for both freezer and microwave use ( but not the oven ) and is dishwasher safe in the top rack . the cover has three pouring choices , a regular pour spout , a slotted spout , and a spout with seven little holes . an extremely useful item to have in the kitchen
even if you are n't worried about the possible negative effects of drinking out of plastic or nalgene this is the best water bottle ever . if you want a water bottle that keeps your water cold all day long , does n't sweat , is unbreakable , does n't spill and wo n't let water dribble down you chin put your nalgene and plastic ones away and buy this one now .
ok , this is obviously not the same as the traditional all clad stockpots , if it was it would be more then triple the price of this one . it is part of the disk bottom collection , however it is still top quality stainless steel and very well made . i certainly would not consider it secondary . it is a little lighter in weight than the traditional all clad but it is not a light weight pot by any means . it is great for sauce , soup , stew , etc . you will love it and you ca n't beat the price . it is very easy to clean . a + keep an eye out , there is always some kind of rebate or gift with most cooking purchases both on amazon and in department and cooking stores . i actually got this stock pot free when i purchased my all-clad roti pan set which also came with a rack and turkey lifters in filene 's . i would have bought it anyway , it is an excellent stockpot and the price ca n't be beat . tip : if you should get something stuck to the stainless steel use a product called " bar keepers friend " to clean it . most supermarkets have it and kitchen etc . and bed , bath and beyond carry it too . the container ( like a comet can ) is gold with blue and white writing . all clad recommends it for cleaning stainless steel and it works like a dream and is very inexpensive .
this cover is very rich looking . the fabric is wonderful . i have a kitten that was pulling himself onto the bed and snagging it , but i just snipped the snags and you can not tell . it is easy to wash and looks great on the bed
i have enjoyed using my mario baltali enamaled cast pot very much , it cooks beautifully and holds a large amount
i searched for years trying to find a nice , plain white butter dish . this one is perfect -- it blends in well with all my other dishes . it is study , attractive , and holds a stick of butter . what more could you ask of a butter dish
fiestaware rocks . a few years back , i started my fiestaware collection . the butter dish , in turquoise , was a recent addition . i like the vibrant colors available which allow for a cheerful , eclectic mix or a more coordinated theme . it is of the highest quality and very durable in the oven as well . i am going to put glass doors on my cabinets to showcase my fiestaware because not only is it practical and beautiful , they are individual pieces of art !
this grater has quickly become the favorite in my kitchen . it 's very solidly built , unlike the old ones i have , and the non-skid base is pure genius . the grating surface is nice and sharp . i love the container that catches whatever you 've grated and then stores any extras with an airtight lid . although the container faithfully catches the grated material , there will be some spillage - from the outside of the grater - especially with cheese . one caveat : since the container stores upside down inside the grater when not in use , you have to remember to remove it and flip it over before grating . yup , i realized this the hard way , and boy was it a mess ! despite this , i highly recommend this kitchen essential
this set has 29 tips , a flower nail and one coupler in a plastic case . all the tips and more to decorate just about any cake you would make .
this knife works nicely . the blades have remained sharp after carving roasted chicken and turkey , roast beef , and yes even cakes over the past year . the handle wipes off cleanly after use and does n't suffer from the extreme electric motor vibration that so many electric knives have . the handle stays cool as well . i do n't have anything bad to say about this item , it has been a true performer
this is a very nice set of small measuring spoons-- excellent for measuring baking soda , salt , etc for recipes . they are very sturdy and much better than the inexpensive plastic products you find at the discount stores . this set also comes with 2 things not shown , a nice ring to loop these together , as well as a matching s hook to hang them up when not in use . i really like this set and would recommend this to everyone
this toastmaster breadmaker is pretty basic , makes a good-sized loaf and is really easy to use . if the first loaf is n't perfect , the troubleshooting section of the book tells you how to correct the problems and the corrections work . it 's been in use constantly for weeks now and never fails to produce a good loaf
had i known what a difference this would make with my cooking , i would have bought one a long time ago . everything is faster , now , and everything i mix , from potatoes to icing , comes out smoother , too . there are a variety of things you can make with this mixer , and i use mine a lot . perhaps not every single day , but almost . i bake bread with it every few days , and i decorate cakes for parties and special occasions on the side . my mixer has never let me down . in fact , i am buying an extra bowl just for convenience , too . sometimes you do get a strange smell when you use it to whip something up . they even tell you in your mixer 's manual to expect it and that it is normal . i 've had mine for almost a year , now , and was waiting until i had it awhile before i reviewed it . but i have yet to have any problems with it . it 's cut preparation time more than half for everything i 've made with it . from cakes to meatloaf and bread . it 's sturdy and somewhat heavy , which means it 's not going to easily be knocked off your counter . it does have a slow start to prevent flour from going all over . however , if you are using a lot of powdered sugar or flour to the point of it being more than half full , you will still want to use the stir speed until it 's a little more settled and moist or you will end up with a mess . not a big one , but a mess nonetheless . it comes with a book of recipes , but i 've only used a few . i 've never had any issues with it handling all the cookie dough and other heavy doughs i 've mixed with it , however . in fact , i 've made more cookies just since getting this than i did for years before . it 's just so convenient and easy that i do n't mind . i mean heavy doughs , too , like monster cookies and peanut butter m&m cookies , etc . i do n't know what else to say about it . i do n't think you will be disappointed in this purchase . i 'm usually someone who does n't like to spend a lot of money , but this was more than worth it , and i will be buying my daughter one someday , too
the kitchenaid professional 5 plus ( kv25g0x ) is a great product , but you should buy it elsewhere . we ordered it from amazon , and got the commercial ( km25g0x ) instead . we did not want that , so contacted customer service . they said they 'd exchange it , but they sent us another km25g0x . no good , obviously . then , the customer service representative claimed they could not reliably get in touch with the warehouse , so they had no idea whether they ever actually would get the item they advertise . they said they sometimes substituted similar products . great . at this point we gave up , and ordered instead straight from the manufacturer
you 'll feel like crazy diving foreigner jacques " jacky " cousteau when you strap on this amazing new device from microplane . scuba dive * safely * * up to depths of 30cm ! * * * marvel at the previously unimaginable variety of aquatic life present in your kitchen sink ! develop contact dermatitis as a result of prolonged exposure to washing up liquid ! * using this slider as a scuba mask may invalidate the manufacturer 's warranty . * * scuba diving using this microplane slider attachment may not be safe . * * * at depths " grater " than 30cm the plastic mask has been known to crack under the extreme pressure , causing soaping of the eyes and shards of plastic to perforate the skin . a fantastic addition to the 35000 series , you 'd have to be " micro " minded , " plane " crazy or in " slide " a mental institution not to develop a " serie ( s ) " ous " attachment " to this " grate " grater . " 35000 " marks out of 10
i purchased this mug for my wife as a christmas gift . she just loves it . she useds almost everyday . it has been 4 months now and as good as new .
these pans are great , nothing sticks to them . i baked a pie , set on top of the pan , and the burnt overflow stuff just slid right off
these sheets are wonderful and very well made . i really like they way they feel . great , great value !
great price for beautiful , high-quality sheets that get softer with every wash. fabulous color ! sheets fit well over a mattress with pillow-top . recommend 100 % .
ok , for twenty bucks it works reasonably well . we like the storage container to hold the attachments . but if you 're looking for a lower speed to blend ingredients like flour or pancake mix , buy something else . the # 1 speed setting is way too fast . anything higher than # 4 will decorate your kitchen walls " at no extra charge " .
i cook for a family of 5 . i make a lot of mashed potatoes that need whipping . i have gone through my share of hand mixers . so far i do n't have any complaints about this hamilton beach model . it is powerful enough to whip up the potatoes . it comes with a case that fits right onto the bottom of the mixer that holds the cord and the beaters . this is wonderful since i no longer have to search through the drawers looking for the beaters . over all a wonderful mixer for the money if your just looking for a normal household hand mixer
i love this spatula . when it comes to getting the last bit of dough or sauce out of the bottom of a bowl , it 's perfect . the soft silicone head easily contours itself to the bottom of the bowl to get every last bit . it 's also incredibly stick free . i made fondue last night and after pouring it all into the serving dish , i wiped the cheese off the spoon with a finger , rinsed it , and it was clean ! it is also incredibly heat resistent . my household has a lot of spatulas with burn marks all along the handle from resting on the side of a pot on the stove . i 've had this spatula for over two years and it 's still burn free . i love it
cleaning up is so easy now . the other roaster pan we used would allow the juices to bake on and it you would have to soak it , scrub it and scrape it . i love this stuff !
this is one great tool . i have this as well as the scoop and they are both great items . i like the spade better since i love ice cream and it makes it easier to fill the bowl quicker . the style is great and the functionality is superb . now that kitchenaid is making tools and gadgets , i am finding myself getting all new sorts of items i never knew i wanted or needed . i 'm even replacing other brands of tools with kitchenaid ones
super easy to use , put in rice and water . out comes perfect rice every time . have n't experimented with any rice cooking recipes yet but it makes incredible white and brown rice with no though .
just go for new shaped cookies , these cutters are great and so simple to use
the only reason i bought this is because i visited my sister over the holiday season and she had one and i liked it . i liked it even more after i bought it . nice toaster ! !
its the perfect size pan and easy to clean . i 've cooked thai stayle chicken satay sticks and salmon on it and it makes those awesome grill lines . i love using this pan...its so much easier & faster than using then firing up the outdoor grill .
this handheld vac works great . there is awesome suction and longevity . i had two dustbusters that did n't come close so i am now a convert . only complaint is the stand used for charging . it 's not easy to push vacuum into just the right spot
this vacuum is rather good . it meets or exceeds the dustbuster versions . i 've got only one gripe , and that 's the base . it is n't exactly easy to put on and take off . it could also do with a bigger compartment , but that 's really minor . after all , this is just for small tasks . love the motorized sweeper attachment
i have used different brands of dust busters but this one by far has out done them . the battery lasts and the power is very good . also shipping was prompt . nothing else i can add . all over very good . thank you , i shall return . a.f . island par
i have bought over 6 of these for friends and family , everyone that sees it , has to have one , we make alot of our own jewelry , so we have plenty of bracelets and earrings . this keeps it organized so you can match colors to the outfit you are wearing . it is the best ! very good quality too
i am happy with the product quality and with the prompt delivery . the organizer is made of sturdy materials and comes on a very nice chrome hanger
this grill is awesome ! i ordered it to replace my old grill , which did n't have the removeable plates and was worn down . the removeable grills make this so easy to clean...maybe takes 5 minutes . i had looked at a couple of other contact grills from different manufacturers , and though this one was more expensive , i thought it had a better design than some of the others i looked it . definitely recommended , do n't hesitate to buy this if you 're thinking about it
i bought this item and had it delivered about a month and a half ago . it arrived in perfect condition with all the items it says it will come with . it 's very easy to use and extremely easy to clean . so far i have only cooked whole chickens , chicken pieces , shishkabobs , and sausages . if i only ever used it to just cook chicken , it 's still a great price . if you can follow simple instructions , you ca n't go wrong with this
when i was searching for something to simplify my life i came upon this product . i thought i would give it a try as i love egg mcmuffins . it is everything i dreamed of and more . easy , convient , done in less than five minutes and a breeze to clean up . i love it and ca n't stop telling family and friends about it . i hope you enjoy it as much as i have
this is great for making poached eggs on toast . my family has enjoyed using it so far
my cats absolutely love this fountain . it works great , and takes very little to keep clean . the resovoir is a must though
like many homemakers , i generally leave fixture installation to the man of the house . my husband refused to drill into our metal doors in order to install conventional curtain rods . i went without curtains over our kitchen doorway for years and always felt that something was missing . these magnetic curtain rods solved that problem . the rod holders attach magnetically without screws or bolts . the holders have never shifted out of place and have not scuffed or scratched my door . the curtain rods are stable enough to hold heavy canvas curtains . i installed the set in a moment 's time with very little effort . my husband was surprised and thrilled that i found a way to hang curtains without marring the metal surface of the door .
i saw this unit on vacation and came home and bought one . that was several years ago . finally , our beloved brewstation gave up the ghost and went on to coffeeland in the sky . so , i promptly bought another one . morning is just not the same without our brewstation
tried this on my favorite but often dull chefs knife and after 4-6 strokes was very very sharp . works great as promised . casing cheap so not sure how long that will last or if it will hamper it 's operation . compact , stores well , would be great for motor home or other small kitchen . for $ 29 , makes me wonder what the $ 99 version does that amazon also carries . knocked a star off for the cheap plastic case
3 swipes and your knife is sharp on both sides of the edge . the sharpener folds up neatly into a little case the size of a man 's wallet and is easy to store . the handy house ships immediately..i got my package within 3 days . i love the knife sharpener , and love the service i received . thank
i bought this knife sharpener because i was tired of knives that would not cut & the vender i brought it from , the handy house , told me that it worked and i had bought things from her before on her word . and it works . my knifes are old & dull . a few swips through the sharpener blade & i had a brand new knife & the price is also good .
these spoons are great . they are very sturdy and easy to use , and the finish on the metal is a nice touch . overall , practical and attractive
this set of knives is simply incredible - a must for any kitchen , especially a small one or if you just do a lot of quick small tasks . these things are sharp , and , as standard for henckels , supremely made .
i know that purists do n't like serrated knives , but these are great ! the weight of these knives is perfect--they feel like very expensive utensils . the chef 's knife is rarely out of my hand , and the block makes the whole set very handy
was thrilled to find pieces to replace ones mistakenly thrown out , rather than have to buy another blender . the only drawback is the cover is white and my blender is black
this set of blender accessories was just what i needed to update my old blender . seperatly these items become more costly but here they are at a great value and shopping is made easy because this set has it all
this is my first le creuset casserole . when i first received it , it was smaller than i was expecting . but after cooking with it couple times , i really fall in love with it ! now i always clean it after using , and have it on my stove top in the kitchen ! it 's so cute and fun
this is probably the most used tool in my kitchen . the cost of the machine and bag material are more than repaid in food savings . i like the rolls as opposed to the bags because i can make the size i need without waste . watch for sales on meat or fish ; buy large quantities at reduced cost , and cut your bags to a portion size , vacuum and seal , and freeze . i have taken hamburger , steaks , fish , pork , and chicken out of the freezer after being stored for two years or longer , and they are as fresh as the day i put them in
i got this pan set a few years ago . i love making checkerboard cakes--they are so simple with this set . you can use boxed mixes , but i find the thicker consistency of the sample recipe makes a more distinct checkerboard design . my favourite variation is to make blue and pink for baby showers instead of brown and white . ( i make the white cake and just use food colouring ) .
jeez , everyone , yea , they cost a buck each , ok , a buck ! but they can be reused , how often do you go to the dollar store and spend a buck on a totally usless piece of something that breaks as soon as you bring it home , hmmm ? or you buy a pack of paper plates and they are gone in a couple of weeks ? ? well , at least these are serving a purpose , and are reusable....i do n't have to scoop anymore , and i have 2 cats , i change it maybe every 3rd day , and it 's not a chore , takes less than a minute , less time than scooping and smelling it as it sits there , and speaking of , i do not smell their poop at all till it 's changed . so i 'm happy and i think it 's more than worth it !
we were more than pleased with our purchase of this item , and it arrived sooner than expected . it was very very nice and well worth the great discounted price we received it for .
for the money this is a way for the novice cook to experience the quality of wustof . this knife went into my daughter in law 's stocking for christmas and was a great hit
my old blender went kaput it was a kenmore . we decided to buy this blender since it also had a small food processor . the food processor has become our most frequently used tool . preparing salsa , omlettes , indian food which requires vegetables chopped into small pieces , pancakes and numerous other tasks have become so easy that we make more vegetarian dishes now and they taste better since the pieces are well and evenly chopped . really enjoyed the blender during the summer months when we made fresh juices etc . unlike the old kenmore one this one blends much better . i recommend this to any one who does not want to spend money on an expensive food processor or does not have the counter space in the kitchen for all the apparatus that comes with a big food processor .
this is a jewel . takes the skin off nice and clean . just the tool to get rid of those tough skins on a few tomatoes and no more fuzzy peaches . just bought 6 more for family and friends .
this is a great shredder . absolutly the best out there . it is a lousy slicer . take the bad with the good i guess . my wife and i shred lots of cheese because pre-shredded cheese has chemicals added that change the taste and chemical properties of the cheese . this attachment works wonderfully for cheese . a note on disassembly . some people have difficulty getting the cone off the plug ( if you own one you know what i 'm talking about ) . the very easy way to remedy this is to remove the cone from the plug before removing the plug from the machine . if you follow this one rule you will have very easy setup and take down .
first , the good stuff : this peeler is sharp , requires little effort in peeling away even the toughest skins and seems quite durable . i like having it , but i 'm also holding on to my cheap little oxo peeler for a couple of reasons : first , the rosle produces very thick peels , which is a bit wasteful . second , i tend to be a switch hitter in terms of peeling direction and really like having a peeler that can either peel toward me or away from me . the rosle peels in only one direction and thus sells both a right-handed and left-handed peeler . that said , i do appreciate its sold stainless steel construction , which will resist rust for many more years than lesser models
le creuset manufactures porcelain enameled cast iron cooking vessels as well as other quality products . these cooking vessels are cast from molten iron poured in sand moulds which are used only once . for this reason , one pan may look like another , but each is unique in its own way . cast iron is a highly efficient material which absorbs and distributes heat . due to this efficiency , it is recommended that cooking with cast iron is done on low to medium heat . over heating may cause foods to stick to the pan , or worse burn and can cause the enamel to appear stained . remove cast iron from the heat and it does not cool off quickly . this helps your food stay warm while serving . the opposite holds true as well , chill the pan and it will retain its chill for a surprisingly long time . beware ; iron tends to be heavy so these cooking vessels tend to be heavier than other pans made from alternate materials . cast iron is an effective material for cooking so why cover it with enamel ? iron tends to rust ; iron oxide ( rust ) does n't add any complimentary flavors to your food . if your cast iron cooking vessel was not enameled , you would have to season and maintain its cooking surface . adding the porcelain enamel not only looks good , but has multiple benefits . the enamel , being a solid coating , is one of the most hygienic surfaces to cook on , does not stain , absorb odors , retain flavors , and is easy to clean . the enamel can be damaged , so limit contact to heat resistant plastic or wood utensils to eliminate the scratching and scoring the porcelain . the benefits of cooking with le creuset cast iron are many , but lets get down to the french oven , cocotte or as it 's also referred to , the dutch oven specifically . french ovens have been manufactured by le creuset for over 75 years , and were developed well before then . in all this time the design has stayed constant , affirming the relevance of its cooking qualities . these ovens come in either oval or round shapes . the oval shape works well for roasting whole chickens and porkloin roasts , otherwise the differences are minimal . this pan holds 6 3/4 quarts of food , measures 9 1/2 x 12 inches or 24 x 30 cm internal diameter , 4 3/4 inch or 11 1/2 cm deep , and weighs 13 pounds . the domed lid provides a tight seal , trapping in moisture to roll back into the dish . the lid may alternatively be used as a holding plate for chopped vegetables or meat during initial preparations . be sure to lift the pan off of cooking surfaces to reduce damaging either the pan or the surface . french oven tends to do best if at least 3/4 full . any less and you may overwhelm your food with heat evenly dispersed in the pot . french ovens were developed for slow cooking by stewing , braising or boiling . some typical dishes include roasts , and stews . other possibilities include gumbos , chili , dirty rice , baked beans , swedish meatballs , osso bucco , or curing ice cream to name a few . one feature that people tend to complain about is the cost . the cost does seem steep compared to other pans made from other materials . heck , cast iron does n't seem like it should be expensive when comparing to the old cast iron pans past generations have used for cornbread and camping . however the manufacturing process requires making a mould for each and every pan produced . they then go through the enameling process before shipping these heavy pans . if you take what goes into making and distributing these high quality cast iron products , the cost tends to make sense . then consider that this pan will easily last a lifetime when taken care of . pros : efficient absorption and distribution of heat hygienic enamel cooking surface does not stain , absorb odors , or retain flavors cleans easily when not abused or misused can be transferred from stove top to the oven to the table easily lasts a lifetime  cons : its heavy , as cast iron tends to be weighing in at about 13 pound
this pot rocks . you 'll fall in love with it the first time you cook with it . it browns well , cleans easily , and goes from the stove to the oven to the table in style . my only complaint is that mine arrived slightly chipped , but the chips do n't seem to affect its performance , so i did n't send it back
this product is great for making mashed potatoes . i love it , it is well made and sturdy . my kids like to turn the handle and i do not have to worry about any electric blades cutting their fingers . the price is very good for this item . i prefer non electric kitchen gadgets , ( to save space ) and this one is great .
i used the four large slider discs to move an 8 ' x 10 ' gambrel roofed framed shed a few feet on a cement pad ( after building the mini-barn & painting it ) . the move placed it against the fence . it was n't easy , but they did the job and......the slider discs are still useable though scratched up
i like the amazon customer service as they replaced my order when i got the damaged one
le creuset made a decent effort in making a cast iron chinese-styled wok . it looks like a chinese wok , and it is made of iron , but essentially it is not chinese . the wok is much thicker than a chinese iron wok , and therefore takes much longer time to warm up . some american users praised the wok by saying it does not need much fire , yet the essence of chinese stir-frying is cooking through large fire : one heats a thin chinese carbon iron wok with large fire , puts in vegetable or animal oil , and then does the entire stir frying in less than a few minutes . still , i liked the wok after purchasing it . the chinese food here in the us usually is not really chinese food in essence , but people like it . why should i be so critial to a french cast iron wok which looks like a chinese wok ?
i 've stir fried in this pan quite a few meals , including carmelizing onions with soy sauce . when used with medium heat , cleaning is very easy . soaking it for a few minutes and then scrubbing with scotch bright for a minute works . i 've done this also with high heat , it needed more scrubbing but after a few minutes it looked new . if you do n't mind the extra scrubbing , as i do n't , you 'll be happy with a healthier alternative to non-stick pans . my experience shows that with a few minutes of scrubbing the advantages of nonstick can be matched even in the worst case scenario . i 'm a bit ambivalent about the size . i cook for myself and thought 9 " would suffice , but i did n't take into account the fact that i cook for 2-3 days at a time . this pan is a bit too small in that capacity . on the other hand , my stove top is tiny so it fits fine . the handle is beautiful and well designed . i have no problem holding the pan even when full in one hand and it 's well insulated . in contrast , i also own the simply calphalon sauce pan with a handle that 's barely suitable for the weight . the quality of this pan is evident . all in all , a very high quality product that will serve me for years
regarding the " glue " issue . the cutting board came to me as described in lisa dryer 's review below : shrink-wrapped in plastic . however , the product 's label was adhered to the surface of the cutting board with a big glob of what appears to be that clear sticky stuff they use to hold inserts in magazines , etc . .....and it adheres to bamboo , for sure . i managed to get most of it off , but a thin layer remains . i figure that " goof-off " or some other solvent would get rid of it , but i do n't want to put poison on something that 'll be holding my food . one solution is to use only one side of the cutting board . otherwise , it appears to be a perfectly fine product
we have been using these for several years now . for refrigerator storage and reheating , we use these containers almost daily . i remember the lids were a bit stiff at first , but not impossible unless you are over 80 . after 5 or 6 times through the dishwasher , they were prefect and remain so . they nest nicely and they fit in the dishwasher and come out looking good . the vent is not that exciting a feature , but if it was n't there you 'd have more microwave clanup . regardless , i highly recommend these
so far i have made several different ice creams in my new machine . this is the first i 'd ever had and the hard part is making the different recipies and deciding what you like and what you do n't . the machine is very efficient . you just put the mixture in and it does all the work . you may want to check on your mixture a few times because some thicken earlier than others . you just stop it and give a taste to see if you like the consistency . i made one mistake of putting the mixture in before it was completely cooled and it did n't thicken and i wasted all of it , so be sure it is completely cool before you put it in the machine . the machine is a little noisy but i expected that after reading about it , not as bad as i thought it would be though . overall , very happy
it was the perfect price and the cheapest that i found anywhere and i would recomend it to anyone
this color of fiesta is just gorgeous and a great addition to any collection . my sister-in-law , for whom this was a gift , just loves it and i 'd be tempted to buy a set for myself if i did n't already have a ton of dishes . the fiesta line are all well made , solid dishes that can be used for all occasions . if you know someone needing dishes , the fiesta line is the way to go . these dishes increase in value regularly and add a lovely touch of color to your table
i looked for somewhere to find these corelle plates and found them on amazon . my favorite dish and plate design should last a while and withstand my abuse
this plate , the 10 inch is the normal size dinner plate , just so you know . it 's easy to buy the wrong size with these because they come in so many sizes . my aunt has had the winter frost white as long as i can remember , and now i am slowly building my own collection . i love them - they are very light and strong . i tried throwing a plate on the kitchen floor and it is still intact . the material feels like a combination of porcelin and pyrex as weird as that sounds . they are so thin and light that i could probably carry at least 35 of them . this is perfect for your everyday meals . highly recommended
the combination of the great price and incredible durability makes this stuff perfect for just about everyone . both i and my parents have been using corelle dinnerware for over 15 years , and are amazed at how well they hold up
pretty good product . we have not changed the batteries yet & it does get quite a bit of usage . it 's easy to use & not an eye-sore in my kitchen . very fast shipping ! i would order again
i recently received this pan as a gift , and have been extremely impressed with it ! the " infused anodized " surface performs as advertised , providing a terrific hybrid between regular and non-stick cooking . i love the 14 " size -- it 's great for those times when i used to have to split things up into more than one 10 " saute pan , as well as for one-pan stovetop-to-oven dishes . that said , this is definitely not the right pan for you if you prefer non-stick surfaces . you will need to use oil , butter , etc . when cooking in this pan , and things will sometimes stick . cleanup is very easy , though ! it is very well-constructed , and i would expect it to last a lifetime
this is one of my favorite knives - and i have quite a collection of them , believe me . it 's sturdy , sharpens easily , and seems to contour to my hand when chopping . i 'm a faster sous chef for myself and others with this knife . great price , i might add . this brand across the board is one of my all-time favorites . i 've never been disappointed with a knife i purchased from victorinox
the food processor has many many organized accessories that were sent with the purchase . i know i was buying a good brand but it was not just a good product it 's an excellent food processor and worth more than the money . my wife loves you know guys waht that means . also it has a juice maker not mentioned in the add woooow . the seller was more than excellent .
this low cost loaf pan does everything you would expect a loaf pan to do . it 's dark color absorbs enough heat to produce desired browning . it also releases cleanly . the protruding lips serve as handles ( although if they were a little bigger they 'd be easier to grip while wearing oven mitts ) . all in all , this is an excellent buy for a loaf pan - you should buy two since many recipes call for making two loaves
i love my duvet cover . it 's extremely soft , softer than i expected . the large buttons add to the charm . i would buy another duvet cover in a heartbeat . denis
these bags and all of the foodsaver brand bags are flawless . the only way they would fail is if they are being used wrong . if you do ebay you can get these same 32 count gallon bags for about $ 10.99 + $ 5.50 for shipping . and sometimes you can find a seller that will combine shipping for multiple boxes . i purchaced 3 boxes of gallon 32 cnt bags for $ 32.97 + $ 9.00 for shipping . also keep in mind that you can wash and re-use these bags as long as they did not hold any kind of meat and that they have never been boiled . i have used them multiple times for things like corn on the cob
solidly built with easy to read numbers . looks like it will last a long time although it was a little pricey .
i 've only had this thermometer for about a week , but so far , it does exactly what it 's supposed to -- stays in place at the back of the oven and displays the temperature using numbers large enough that i can read them easily without opening the oven door . very satisfied
ok so i got this set for free , but i would have paid something for it . the little peeler works fine but the parer is n't the sharpest knife in my knife block . i 've attempted to sharpen it but it does n't hold an edge well
i suppose color choices would be nice ; choice is almost always good . but my smaller golden loves it . she likes the view it gives her and it 's room and she does n't paw at the sides . my larger golden ( 118 lbs - and no he 's not fat ; he 's just a tall , tall golden ) would paw at the sides and that could spell disaster with this crate . she thinks is very cool and i like the weight of it for being prepared to hit the road when the next hurricane is announced . he has a big folding metal crate and that suits him
what you see is what you get . it works just fine , there is n't really much that could go wrong . the only thing is i should have gotten the larger size . what they call a cup and what i call a cup did n't really measure up . for me it makes two regular mugs
this teapot was a good buy all in all . it 's true about how the leaves container does n't stay in a static position... this concerned me at first , but it has n't been a problem . the tea press will slide down over time without leaves in the pot , i put it in the leaves container on an angle and this stops that from happening . i have never had a problem loosing heat to fast from this pot , contrary to previous reviews . yeah , some things could be better quality... but considering the price i 'd call it a good buy
i think you could do just about anything to this bottle opener and it would come out just fine . as noted by other reviewers , this opener has a wonderful substantial weight . it has kitchenaid 's signature quality and great color ! goes well with my other utencils and gadgets . oh , it opens bottles very well too
all the hype is true . the sensations are sinful , but totally legal . i 'm still embarrassed that i spent that much money on a dessert maker , but i do n't regret a penny of it . when i clean the machine , i only wish i had a tongue long enough to lap up every drop . i hide from the kids so i can lick the paddle blades alone . " normal " ice cream from this machine can send you into another realm , but italian-style gellato will deliver you to a level of transcendence previously thought impossible here on earth . slowly heat four cups of fresh cream in a large pot to just below a simmer ( surface will start to shimmer ) . in a small pot , melt four ounces of best bittersweet chocolate on lowest heat . in a large , deep bowl , beat four fresh egg yolks on high speed and gradually add 2/3 cups sugar . slowly pour the hot cream into the yolks and sugar . mix in 1/2 cup of ground chocolate ( ghiardelli , for example ) . add melted chocolate and return to large pot . heat mixture to about 160 degrees , stirring frequently , and cook until it thickens ( about fifteen or twenty minutes ) . do n't let it get above 165 degrees , or it might burn . remove from heat , cool , and place in refrigerator for at least an hour . pour into musso , turn on machine , and prepare yourself . tell only your closest , dearest loved ones
i 've had this cookware since 1991 . it has performed exactly as promised . regardless of all the use ( this is the hardest working piece in the set ) it 's in great shape . i use it for so many things , sauteing vegetables , a large omelette ( to share ) . a 10 " skillet is a must have and more than one is even better . please never use aerosol cooking sprays . a " pumped " spray is recommended or just pour a little oil or a pat of butter for more flavor . great even heat and total release , even when cheese is used . fast easy hand wash
so far our food processor has been great . we bought it to make our own baby food , and since then we have used it to make many other things as well . i 'm very happy with it
these scissors are ideal for the kitchen . the size is nice , good grips fit well in the hand . they are sharp and appear to be easy to sharpen for the future . i especially like that they come apart easily for cleaning... and go back together easily also . highly recommend if you 're looking for a good quality , all-purpose kitchen scissor
these shears are indispensable . first they are sharp and stay that way---definitely not to be used by children . they will definitely bone a chicken all by themselves ( but i spare mine a little by using poultry shears to cut heavier bone ) .easy to handle . but best of all , they come apart and go back together with extreme ease , yet stay together for use . contrary to the description , it is not necessary to use the cap and screw to get them apart . they are well designed with a slot and protrusion arrangement that allow them to be separated for cleaning with a single motion and to be rejoined the same way . the cap and screw are only necessary for sharpening . you 'll wonder how you ever got along without them
i just love fiestaware and this is the perfect chili bowl ! it is a great size for chili or soup ! the quality is fantastic adn the price was very good
this item was ordered to replace a kitchen aid unit used extensively for a number of years . i am a heavy gourmet baker and cater to very discriminating clients . i first heard of the delonghi mixer when it was branded kenwood -in an australian magazine . what a nice difference ! the kitchen aid now appears to be so antiquated by comparison ! ! i love the very practical easy to clean design and construction of the delonghi as well as the physical ability of the unit to mix more content in a more complete manner . i am very pleased with this purchase and would recommend this product .
i was a kitchenaid fan . i had the special edition 350 watt and burned the motor out twice in just a couple of years . when it burned out the 2nd time i decided not to spend another $ 100 + on repairs . i bought this delonghi and love it . the splash guard is great and convenient to use ( i 'd never used the kitchenaid splash guard because it was too much trouble ) . now i do n't know how i ever lived without one--no more white dust all over my counters . the power is more than i 'll ever need but at least i do n't have to worry about burning the motor out . it is very easy to change attachments . you can even change them while the splash guard is on . it is also very easy to clean . great buy
these dishes are beautiful and very nice quality , i will be buying more
if you like your friday cocktail , and enjoy having people over to enjoy it with you , then get an ice bucket and some tongs . i purchased this one when my old one rusted out and like it much better . it 's just classy enough , without seeming snooty , and holds a nice amount of ice . just fill it , stick it on your bar or table , and then you do n't have to worry about continually opening up the freezer
i love this dutch oven . do n't even debate whether or not you should buy it .... just buy it . you will not regret it . i 'm consistently amazed at how well food turns out after cooking in it . after buying it i tend to use it in place of my all clad pieces . amazing
i absolutely love this cookware . do n't be put off by the seemingly high price . you will hand this stuff down to your kids . what 's so special about it ? it out performs all of my other cookware ( yes , even all-clad ) on the stovetop and in the oven . the even heating is better than i could have imagined . it will even perform despite the crappiest cooktops . and , as an added bonus , it 's the easiest to clean . i use mine for most everything . . . pot roast , soup , stew , pasta sauces , braising , slow-cooking , etc . it 's great
this stockpot is the best of all the visions offerings . the worst being the skillet . it 's great for popping corn too .
i find this timer very easy to use . i 'm not a rocket scientist . i have never been disappointed with kitchen aid . i do n't understand why it has gotten bad reviews . i think some people should stick with a sun dial
i received this item last week and immediately tried it . it was easy to use and worked quite fast . needed much less marinating juice to get the job done . i wish it was also available in a bigger size for a larger group .
use it keep to store and keep food fresh as wel
i only use the brisk brew for heating water while on vacation....i 'm a tea drinker . my ex husband got custody of the first one we bought , so the search was on . when i could n't find it in the stores i went on line . as soon as i saw the exact same i ordered it . it works great , and travels light !
having now owned this device for three months , i found it to be a very useful device to have around if you need hot water and there is n't any or no way to get any . its lightweight , very portable and compact . while listed as a coffee maker , it brewed very slowly and not all that well . but as a hot water heater , it served fantastically well . the typical 8 oz water will heat through the system in about 4-5 minutes , so little patience is needed . the device seem to overheat a bit so cool down period would be wise between uses . there 's an automatic shut off , the machine come with two plastic containers that fit inside the water hold . it also come with a small spoon . machine often come on by itself even before you hit the " on " button , probably if you hit the button before you plug it in . i would recommended that you have everything set up before hand . i used this device at work quite a bit and found it to be super handy thanks to the small size . the following products could be considered as tailored made for this device : lipton cup a soup ( sheer perfect for this machine ) , general food international coffee mixes and various kind of hot chocholate brands . it also great for tea bags as well . i am not sure about brewing tea though . overall , this device come highly recommended for anyone who might like to have a hot drink when there 's none available
this baster is big enough to accomplish most tasks , and it even makes a great costume accessory on halloween . except that when i used it as part of my halloween party costume along with a doctor 's lab coat and stethoscope , all the women blushed and left the room . oh well , maybe next time i 'll come as a proctologist
i have le creuset and calphalon pots and pans but i find myself constantly reaching for this farberware pot . the design is why i bought it . i would have been willing to pay $ 100 for one just like it from calphalon or le creuset but this is the only one of its kind i could find anywhere online . it does n't have the weight of my other pots but the sheer practicality of being able to strain your food without worries of burning yourself ( the spouts are great ) or using another dish far outweights any reservations on possible durability . kudos to farberware for coming up with such an ingenious and sensible design . it makes one wonder if the other brands out there ever listen to their customers
i bought this as a birthday gift to myself and i love it . i thought i would miss being able to preset my coffee timer at night to wake up to coffee , but this makes it so quickly that has not been a factor . the taste is unbeatable ! even if you leave the warmer on the entire morning the coffee never tastes bitter . highly recommended for coffee lovers !
this is an outstanding device . in several i 've had before the cutter blades were not fastened to the center piece . they would flex as the coring progressed and the slices would be rendered a mess . this corer has rigidly attached blades and therefore cuts clean , perfect slices every time
this casserole dish has some minor inconveniences . it 's made of some sort of pottery so it cools down very slowly and it 's easy to let something sit for 15 minutes and come back and burn your hand . i also learned through this dish that square casserole dishes are easier to cut brownies out of than round or oval ones . it does however cook things just fine and is not too large for what i need it for
le creuset baking dishes are an investment in good cooking for a lifetime . this 11 1/2-inch size oval dish is similar in size and shape to a medium-sized au gratin . it is large enough to bake two large fish fillets or four boneless chicken breasts or a casserole . many times , i double a casserole recipe and put half in this dish and then freeze it for later use . i bring the dish right from the oven to the table for serving , and i find its clean-up is easy afterward
the only complaint from the other reviews that i can agree with is that the amount of froth on the milk is hard to control . i certainly do n't have any trouble getting hot milk . my taste in coffee is probably not very sophisticated , but this machine produces espresso and latte as good as i 've had in america . i 've had my espressopro for 3 years and it 's still working well . when i first bought the machine , it did n't work , and the capresso people were wonderful and immediately sent a new machine . then there was a mixup over the color ( silver vs chrome ) , and again the capresso people were wonderful and sent a new machine . both times they sent me a machine immediately , with packaging to send my old machine back , so i had a new machine within two days of calling them . i always use espressione coffee pods , and filtered water . that 's just what is most convenient for me . i 've never actually cleaned the machine 's innards , and i have n't noticed any degradation in performance over the years . the milk attachment is very convenient . we wash ours about once a week , although we do have to wash the little siphon/nozzle thing every day . it 's about as much work as a stainless jug i guess , with the advantage that you 're not wasting milk every time you make a latte . the downside to the milk attachment is that i have n't found a way to get a lot of froth out of it . it 's got a little knob on top that is supposed to control the amount of froth . it does a good job of controlling the temperature of the frothed milk , but no matter what i do , i almost always end up with around 1/2 inch of froth on my latte . occasionally i end up with a lot more or almost none , but i have no idea why . that 's my biggest complaint . the bit where the coffee comes out into your cup ( you can see my level of sophistication there ) has two holes , so it can pour into two cups at once . this is worthless . the coffee never comes out evenly , and if you use pods you can only make a single shot at a time anyway . the end result of the two holes is that whenever i make an espresso , some of it dribbles down the side of the cup instead of going in . it 's also a bit short for any latte glass i 've ever found , and you have to tilt the glass to get it under . despite the fact that the espressopro does n't look particularly tough ( it 's mostly plastic , and not really heavy plastic at that ) , mine is still going strong after three years . much to the dismay of my grandparents , three years is considered long enough to classify something as " durable " thesedays . so there you go . i 'm sure there are machines that make better espresso , but for convenience , i have n't seen any machines that can touch this one for less than twice the price . there are a couple of things i 'd like to change ( milk froth control and height of coffee dispenser ) , but i would still recommend it
when my braun flavorselect coffee maker unexpectedly stopped working , i had to scramble to find a new machine . i wanted another braun , but unfortunately , they seem to have stopped making a 12 cup coffee maker . so i had to begin an intense search for a machine that had the features i wanted combined with good value . i finally found it with this cuisinart model . the advantages ? for one , it makes excellent and hot coffee . the carafe is solidly constructed and fits securely in square body so there 's no chance of someone accidentally knocking it loose . because the lid fits tightly , the pour is precisely narrow and smooth , with no side leaks even when the pot is full . the basket fits inside the housing instead of swinging free like so many models which prevents a misalignment between the water and the filter ; the conical ( krups/braun style ) basket accepts both paper filters and gold-tone , although i learned the hard way that not all gold filters fit . the timer is very easy to program , as is the clock . the carafe warmer can be set at low , medium , or high for the temperature that 's right for you . i found the " high " setting too hot since i drink my coffee black ( i like my coffee hot but not scalding ! ) , but those who add a lot of milk might appreciate it . the brewing is quick and efficient , with the process taking about a minute a cup , maybe less . the retro/stainless look complements most modern kitchen dcors . there 's a 1-4 cup setting to make sure such small amounts stay hot , and you can select how long the warmer remains on . the pot beeps five times when brewing is complete and just before the warming plate shuts off . parts are top rack dishwasher safe . it comes with a water filter system designed to improve the taste of the brew . but the cuisinart does have disadvantages . the water reservoir is located on the right side , in the back , which makes it a little challenging for lefties like me to dump the final bit of water inside even though the carafe pours very accurately . although i have n't yet missed the opening , i do struggle briefly with those last few drops unless i use my right hand . the housing is fairly tall , so if your counter space is only under the cabinets , you may not be able to lift the top in its entirety . ( this is when the small rear reservoir becomes a major issue as you have to have room to completely lift the rather large top toward the back . ) clearance required : 7.5 " wide by 8.5 " deep of counter space with no overhead obstruction to pull out for filling or 21.5 " of overhead space to fully lift top . without the top open , the coffee maker measures 7.5 " w x 8.5 " d x 14.25 " h .  if you have the space for this coffee maker , you 'll love it . i ca n't attest to how long it will last , but , as it comes with a three year warranty , i 'm hoping for a good run
this pan heats up evenly , no hot or cool spots , and the handles stay cool . it 's great for cooking bacon or scrambling eggs . cuisinart recommends not turning the heat up to high , and so far , it has n't been necessary . very good value .
i have been using a cuisinart 9 " skillet for a few years now and love it - one of the best pans i 've ever owned ( and i 've owned a few -top names too ) . but when my 13 " stainless steel skillet ( from another name ) warped under too much heat ( it could n't take the heat from my viking range ) , i immediately started a search for a cusinart replacement . i could n't believe the price . fortunately i have the lid from the previous pan because the cusinart does n't come with one
works very well . only drawback it 's large - but stands upright . well worth the money and quit in the low speed .
the kitchenaid professional 5 plus ( kv25g0x ) is a great product , but you should buy it elsewhere . we ordered it from amazon , and got the commercial ( km25g0x ) instead . we did not want that , so contacted customer service . they said they 'd exchange it , but they sent us another km25g0x . no good , obviously . then , the customer service representative claimed they could not reliably get in touch with the warehouse , so they had no idea whether they ever actually would get the item they advertise . they said they sometimes substituted similar products . great . at this point we gave up , and ordered instead straight from the manufacturer
i have enjoyed my new kitchenaid . i 'm thinking that i may have liked the smaller model that has the beater that tips up instead of having the bowl lifter , as it is awkward sometimes working around the beater . overall , i am happy and can mix a lot in a short amount of time
the cirtus juicer works great ( like all kitchen aid products ) but it 's pricy by the time you pay $ 8 to ship it . however my local outlet mall wanted over $ 30 for it plus tax. .
i received these as a christmas gift and am very pleased with them . they are very thin so it makes gripping things out of the oven a lot easier than with thick mitts - and they 'll take up less room in your drawer . highly recommend - worth the extra money
this was purchased as a wedding present . i do not yet know what the couple thinks of it but it is the one they requested
you know , for this price , you could throw anything away . but , this 'synthetic ' comforter is so soft , silky and light , i can toss it on and not feel weighted down . i also have a cat and with cat hairs i can vacumn them off easily ( down is more difficult ) , but just having the airy warmth is worth it .
i 've used this set for several years now and have been very pleased with the overall cutting ability of these knives . even though i also own global and shun kitchen knives , i find myself being drawn to the insignia knives when i am in a hurry or in the middle of a large project . although both the global and the shun have sharper edges , their price difference does n't equate directly to the increased level of sharpness that you get . that is to say , yes global and shun knives are sharper , but they are not three to four hundred percent sharper all though their price difference certainly would suggest that . using my insignia knives , i am able to quickly dice , cut , and slice through onions , carrots , chicken , roasts , etc . that said , there are several cavets that need to be stated . first , do n't wash these knives in a dishwasher . it has nothing to do with the quality of the steel . i would n't wash my ken onion shun chef 's knife in the dishwasher and that one knife costs as much as two whole sets of the insignia . second , these knives need to be honed regularly . a few strokes after every use makes a real difference . third , after owning the knives for almost two years , i sharpened each of the knives on oil stones . these knives , like all knives will need to be resharpened from time to time . the good news is that they resharpened quite nicely , a tribute to their quality . since resharpening , they have continued to hold their edges . last , the balance of these knives is more than adequate . i also own the matching sanduko and have found it to be the best of the series . all though i am a bit of a knife snob , and although i would love to purchase a block set of either the shun or the globals , i ca n't justify it given that the insignia 's cut so well . my wife would really give me no end of grief if i threw out a perfectly good set of knives . and a good set of knives these are
my living room ( approx 12'x16 ' and open to the kitchen ) was always the last room to cool down after a hot day . it sometimes took most of the night to cool despite standing a powerful fan in front of it . the bionaire bw2300 cools it in half the time it used to take . ~ edit : my statement that this fan cools my liviing room in half hte time i once did is inaccurate . if the outside temp is lower than inside , the fan cools the living room in just a couple of hours. ~  it also does a great job circulating air when its hot out ( and in ) to keep the room from feeling stuffy . i have not experienced the temperature gauge problem that other reviewers have . the temp gauge on mine works well . ~ edit : the thermometer reads the temp of fan 's exact location , not the room 's temperature . for example , in the afternoon sun , mine consistently registers a much higher temp than the actual room tempature . when it is colder outside at night , it registers a slightly colder temp than the room temp . ~  is it really quiet ? yes ! i have a vornado fan , which is quite quiet for a fan . this is even quieter ( although not silent ) . to accomodate different window sizes , this model comes with a built-in extender , and two add-on extenders . the fan with extenders is n't large enough to fit my 38.5 " window width . i could order another add-on extender from the manufacturer , but stuffed a wash cloth in the gap instead . what comes in the box ? the fan , two extenders , two aaa batteries and the remote . ~ edited 7/28/06 : i bought a second one for my bedroom . its thermometer is completely inaccurate and overstates the temperature until the outside temp is about 75 degrees . the slats which the air blows through are fixed on this model . so i can not direct the air onto ( or away from ) a particular area of the room .
a long time krups customer , i purchased this blender after 10 years of suffering with a lack luster , non krups blender , which was given to me as a wedding present . to say this is an outstanding blender would be an understatement . i 'm amazed with how quiet the blender is and the best feature is how powerful it is . we use our blender for smoothies in the morning and my husband uses it for his nutrition drinks in the evenings , so we needed something that was durable , substantial and will last a long a time . an excellent blender , it was a good investment for our household
this is the best cooling rack i have ever seen . i have used it primarily for cookies , but it works great for other baked goods as well . because of the small grid , nothing gets bent or broken . the size is perfect for putting many cookies on to cool without trying to squeeze them together . clean up is a breeze . just add a couple of recipes and this would make a very nice gift . i know i would n't want to be without it
i love this vacuum ! it is great for doing quick jobs around the house , vacuuming the stairs and vacuuming up the lint in the laundry room . i would highly recommend this little vacuum to anyone . i love that you can use it like a dustbuster to clean to car or use the long arm to do regular cleaning
i purchased this knife because my daughter did n't like using any of my knives ; she wanted one like the chefs all use on food network . i was n't willing to pay the high prices of the professional ones so this was a good compromise , and i 'm pleased with it . it 's nice-looking , feels comfortable to hold , works well for chopping vegetables . overall , a decent knife at a very reasonable price .
this is truely a professional grater . does a great job with hard cheeses and chocolate , etc.. looks and feels great in the hand , and is impressive to have on the table for your dinner guests to grate their own parmesan
i love these pans . i got the set for a wedding gift last year but needed another saucepan , so this was perfect . this one is a little larger than the 2 pans in the set . i absolutely love the set - the pans heat up very quickly and clean up beautifully . they 're less expensive than many of the gourmet sets but just as good
i purchased this product for two reasons : i own other cuisinart cookware and like it very much...secondly , i frequently make spaghetti sauce with meatballs and find that a 3-quart saucepan just is n't large enough . the 4-quart size is perfect . for some reason i ca n't explain , my sauce tastes much better made in this saucepan
i 'm really glad to have replaced my non-stick with the cuisinart pans . i have been increasingly concerned about the safety of non-stick . i was really scared that they would stick and i would have to scrub them , but they 've been really good so far . i 'm not crazy about the hazy look that the bottoms get inside , but i know it 's because i cook on med-high heat and i need to get some barkeeper 's friend . overall , really pleased with this purchase , and i 'm still adding to my set
this is my third salad shooter in the past 20 or so years . would n't be without one ! it 's great
i carefully read most of the reviews for this product before purchasing so i would know what to expect . they mostly said the same thing : either it broke or it worked perfectly . the consensus seemed to say use only hard cheeses , and do n't overcrank the handle . we have only used it for parmesan cheese , and so far we 've had no problems . it works great so far
right out of the box and with skim milk , i have a latte that rivals the corner coffee bar . easy to set up , easy to use , easy to clean . can i ask for more ? what else is there
i am replacing the same product that i have used continually for the past nine years or so . it has been an indispensable part of our kitchen all those years and we hope this new one will continue the tradition
the petstep ii multi-purpose dog sately ramp was perfect for getting my black lab , blake , out of the water and over our sea wall . he is over 90 pounds and it was sturdy and supported his weight . he is very appreciative and so am i ! i would highly recommend this product and the seller selling it .
i have used mine for over a year now . i will never buy anything except this line of cookware in the future . never sticks , easy to clean , after a year of everyday use ( family of 6 ) it 's still in good shape ! note : we only clean it with a dobie pad as directed ! large enough to do four american-toast at the same time . great heat distribution . just great , and big ! gave it to some friends as a present , they love it too . glad i found it in this lifetime ! get it - i think you 'll love it too ! and no , i have no affiliation with calaphon
this combo is awesome ! i 've used coconut oil ( very little--it does n't burn or smoke when heated ) to season it and the press gets better with each use . i use olive oil for the meat or bread i 'm cooking and , although a steak was n't seared as much as i would have liked , the pannini are outstanding . the coconut oil seems to season without coloring so much and this is the first time in a very long life that i 've correctly seasoned a pan . residue now just slips off with hot water and a natural bristled brush . please read the use and care instructions--i do n't usually but for some reason sat down and did--you will find them very informative . i love it
when i bought this thing 3 years ago i thought i might do kabobs on it but not only does it cook kabobs beautifully it also cooks tandoori chicken and tandoori bread ! i ca n't have an open flame grill where i live , and when i bought this i used it in the apartment . now i take it on my patio to grill . i like the see-through lid which most of these grills do n't have . it 's too bad they 've discontinued this produc
like the other reviewers , i have a cat who previously showed little to no interest in cat items - until i put this out . it 's now his regular spot to nap , and lounge .
i love my vienna deluxe ! we 've been using it for 4-8 coffees per day for 7 months now and have certainly saved money over going to the coffee shop . if you plan to buy more than 100 coffees ( for us about 3 months worth ) it already pays for itself and the coffee tastes better . the flavor of the coffee is awesome and it 's super easy to make . the only bad thing i can say about this coffee machine is that the 'key ' in the back of it got a little bit off and we had to manually turn it so that the brew unit would fit back in . it only took us about 2 hours to figure out and fix it , so it was n't that big of a deal . if you 're looking for something that is a super high class , fancy , heavy duty , professional style coffee maker , maybe you should spring for the superdeluxe big bucks model and drop a couple grand . people have given this model low reviews for being expensive and made of plastic . ours still looks nice , is easy to clean , and does n't weigh 750 million pounds . it seems like folks are looking for a chrome and steel starbucks style coffee maker for $ 500 , and that just is n't realistic . this is a great buy and it makes great coffee
this pan is very easy to clean . however , the small base wo n't sit stably on my gas range . i keep a hand on the handle and pay attention to how it sits on the range to overcome the problem
i hav k5ss model of the kitchen aid mixer and it has worked well for me when i do my cookies , cakes or mix ground meat for meat loaf . it is very easy and convenient to use . basically , i would want to inquire about other attachments for this model and how and where can i get them . i am from the philippines . i am interested to purchase attachements like a sausage stuffer , grinder . sorry for using this site , as i am lost where to get in touch with " kitchen aid inc " . thanks and please email me
i do n't think these are the highest quality sheet you will ever find as it has some thread coming out of the hem after a couple washes . with that said , for the price , the sheets are very nice and feel soft after a couple washes .
i ca n't begin to describe how worthwhile a piece of equipment this is . it makes the best little potato shreds for potato pancakes , then , you just switch blades and slice up a little onion for them in the same bowl , which you can then mix the batter in . the bowl component is my number 1 favorite feature of this little guy , but it just plain works really well
these pans are mahvelous , dahling . having said that , i 've read lots of reviews that included complaints about the strength of the adhesive used to stick the labels on the pans . to one , to all : there is a product called " goo gone " that is designed for just this type of thing . you can find it almost anywhere , hardware stores , grocery stores , etc . it works in minutes , and leaves no trace of the adhesive behind . just be sure the wash the pan afterwards . happy adhesive-free baking
these bags are durable and work everytime . i like the size which seems hard to find locally
i like this a lot . it is very compact and easy to use . i like the built in ice strainer . you just slip off the cap and pour . no hassles of the top jamming and having to beat it open with a knife . you will need a finer strainer if you want to filter out citrus pulp , for example . but for most cocktails you are just straining out the ice . but i like this one for it 's convenience
this machine is really a great invention - especially for those of us who have a tendency to spend on good tea and then screw up some part of the process that falls between the brewing and the first sip ( for example , infusing the tea for too long ) . i think my tea will have more of a fighting chance with this new machine . the design is great - quite classy , and i think it will be great for entertaining ( loved the way the tray that holds the machine could suddenly be converted into a serving tray for the well-designed tea pot and cups ) . here is how it worked for me : you pour your loose tea in the infuser basket , fill the tank with water , select the strength of your beverage and turn it on . there 's even a chance to choose which kind of tea you are brewing for optimal results ( for example oolong or green ) . this nifty little machine will do the rest . it will even pour the tea in the tea pot ! i 'm finally enjoying my fine tea without the stress . it 's almost like having a tea butler in my house !
the kitchenaid line of silicone utensils are positively perfect . they are very will made and excellent quality . the silicone material is amazing , it is so easy to clean , whether you are using this mixing spatula with cake mix , cookie dough or anything you are mixing or scraping nothing will sticks to it . the curved design on this spatula is a perfect match to the kitchenaid stand mixer bowl and it also works very well with my all clad mixing bowls . with this spatula you will not miss a drop of anything in the bowl . highly recommended
this tea pot , like their french-press coffee pot , is made of ` magic glass ' - it does n't seem to break . i 'm hard on things and usually need heavy-duty models just for every day survival . i 've had this tea pot for - maybe 8 years - unheard of for things around me . the glass just does n't seem to break . others have spoken about how you use it to make tea - a brilliant idea . but here 's the other cool thing : when you get a ` presentation ' tea like say a ` peony ' tea that opens into a flower or say , a sea-shell tea like peets.com sells that opens up into an oyster looking shell with a string of jasmine flowers as ` pearls ' floating above it - you can see the magic unfold and enjoy the beauty and art of the tea unfolding if you leave the infuser out and just let the folded tea do what ever it does . the only down side is that the cap wo n't fit on the tea pot if you take the infuser out . but i have never found that to be a problem . the tea may cool a bit faster - but not so much so that it bothers me . the fact that it is glass and has outlasted so many hand thrown ceramic tea pots i 've had speaks to it 's wonder and durability . like i said , this is made of magic glass .
i have purchased many different brands of measuring spoons and cups in the past but these are by far the best ! heavy ( but not too heavy to use ) so the handles do n't bend ( or float around in the dishwasher ) , shaped well so they fit into containers and spice bottles easily , easy to level and the measurement markings will not fade away ( they are engraved ) . i love my set...will definately buy another set ( cooking is my hobby )
fantastic , works perfectly , easy to clean , much more sanitary than a n old fashioned bristle brush . also gentler on the pastries or breads
boy , do i love this piece ! i got mine for a lot less at an outlet store and it 's just wonderful . i love the purple color - it 's just gorgeous in a tuscan kitchen and this piece looks marvelous on the table . it does wonderfully in the oven - it 's not overly big so do n't get it to feed a family of 5 or so . it 's about 1.5 quarts . i get tons of compliments on these pieces and the purple , well , it 's just original and if you 're afraid of it , do n't be . it 's just a gorgeous color and one that i 'm very glad to have introduced into my kitchen . i 'm getting more ! highly recommended piece .
this is the best spatula i have ever owned , and i have owned entirely too many . it is strong and wide and slightly curved at the front edge to fit my pans . the front edge is also nice and thin so it slides right under any food . and it cleans up like magic-no holes for junk to get stuck in . and you can rest it right on the skillet without it melting or lay it on the counter because the handle is curved in such a manner as to keep the head from resting on the countertop . seriously-the best spatula ever
this tool makes even the toughest jar a breeze to open , accommodating a range of sizes easily . i 'm sending one to everyone in my family this christmas
finding the right items to start the perfect kitchen for two is so easy thanks to oxo . i love their good grips products . all the handles look great , but are also very comfortable and practical . this strainer fits in well to a kitchen for feeding 2 or 3 people . you can use this double rod strainer not only for straining , but also for sifting flour , draining , and if need be - awkwardly steaming veggies over boiling water . it seems most people might go for the 8 " instead , but this one works perfectly for making gnocchi from scratch . you have to make few enough in each batch that they can all rise to the top at once . then you scoop them all up with the strainer ( the bigger strainer may be hard to fit in many pots ) . drain the gnocchi and place on a paper towel . since you can do all this with one hand , you can use your other hand to grab more gnocchi to start a-boilin ' quick as can be . whatever you use it for , this is a high quality strainer that will last
read the reviews and ordered... .  do n't regret it at all . will be ordering more for gifts and myself . i have problems with my hands , but have not found the lids to be a problem at all . just start on one side and gently push your way around the lid...goes right on , nice and snug . ca n't comment on the breaking issue . just has n't happened . maybe if item is dropped immediately after removing from the freezer ? ? ? ? ? ? but , under normal conditions , i 've had no problems . crystal clear , easy to clean , stacks just fine . do n't regret my purchase and as stated , will be getting additional sets .
i immediately noticed the quality of this wok as soon as i took it out of the box . very nice looking . very easy to cook in . it 's big and has large sides so it is very easy to stir the stir fry around without spilling it . the non stick surface works beautifully . reattaching the wok to the base after cleaning is fairly easy although the wok never seems to lock 100 % correctly into place without a little hassle . i 'm not sure it really matters if it 's not perfectly 100 % aligned into the base anyway . nevertheless , that 's only a minor gripe . this wok makes stir fry easy and fun and makes the food taste really good . the included spatula was a nice gesture , too . the instructions say the wok can do a lot of other things too , like slow cooking , but i only use it for stir fry
these glasses do work and in much more distinct way that i could have ever imagined . i have bought many riedel glasses to my wine-lover friends and they absolutely love it too . you got to try them to believe it . you wo n't regret it
this pot is a perfect medium-sized saucepan . the double handles are a great feature . we use it at least once a day in our kitchen . the non-stick surface is extremely durable , although i 'm not sure i would use metal utensils with it . i use a blue scrub sponge to clean it . i 'm not sure i would use the more abrasive , green 3m pads . overall a very durable , high-quality cooking utensil . in fact i 'm back here today to buy one for a friend
i love having these pyrex cups in varying sizes . the large ones are great for mixing and pouring batter , like pancakes . the smaller one let 's you measure once , to get 1 1/2 or 2 cups of liquid
ok , it 's june and you are being hit up for present after present and you are on limited funds . no need to feel depressed . you can give this measuring cup set and hold your head up , knowing you gave something that wo n't be sneered at or find its way to the return pile by the blushing bride . everyone needs these cups to do cooking , from the large size for soup and broth to the small size for baking . and i will confess , i 've used the medium sized one as an emergency gravy boat . so it does n't look quite as nice as a cut glass gravy server--it works just fine . i also use the glass cups for mixing batters to pour out right from the pitcher , and i use them for prepping foods like stir fry when you have to have a bunch of ingredients ready to hand to dump at once into the wok .
best iron i ever owned . i read the reviews before purchasing and was not disappointed . no one likes to iron , but this one makes it a little easier
very sturdy construction and i like the glass lid . the only problem i have is the lid has a very thin metal that is easily damaged . the pot is thick and the handles are riveted on and very solid . as long as you are careful with the lid , this steamer is awesome
i had traditionally used pyrex cake pans and was n't completely satisfied with the results . just recently , i purchased the airbake cake pan after having successful results in their line of cookie sheets . i am completely satisfied with this pan and recommend getting rid of the traditional pyrex
i love this shelf . i have two . you just take it out of the box and the shelves fall into place . no screwdrivers , nothing to assemble . its fabulous .
i purchased the mix it in on 9/8/06 and used it the next day . i never got soft serve . i froze the bowl again , this time in my upright freezer , and made the mix the day before and refrigerated it for 15 hours . today , i made soft serve ! ! ! ! ! ! it is n't perfect but i 'm well on my way . i have been making the low fat version but i think the regualar version will be excellent . to make this machine work for you here are some pointers : 1 . if you do n't have an upright or chest freezer , put the bowl in the back of your regular freezer . 2 . freeze the bowl for as long as possible beyond the suggested 12 hours . 3 . you can forget the 12-15 minute check described in the manual . you will not have a chance of having soft serv before a minimum of 25 minutes . i mixed as long as 40 minutes . 4 . save your receipt . since the ice cream takes twice as long to mix as is suggested in the manual , you are using the motor 2x as much . therefore , you might have to use the 3 year warranty .
we 've had this toaster for over a year and my family loves it . it toasts consistently . it accommodates all widths . and the digital selector is great
i thought this set was cute in the picture , but was so excited when it actually came ! it is truly a beautiful set . i have run them through the dishwasher a number of times already and they come out looking like new , and my husband loves the " larger than normal " size . i have little hands & i really like them too -they are very sturdy . the biggest bonus , other than the 8 settings plus the 5 piece serving set , is the extra 8 teaspoons !
you can depend upon pyrex to give you a great product . use this cup for measuring all the time
i love this carafe---no drips like others i have used ! the best part was how fast i recieved it----amazon was so efficient----i ordered it and before i knew it---it was here ! !
the main problem with my bed was the featers were pocking me while i was sleeping no matter what i put on the top of the feather bed . not anymore after i bought this magic cover . now i can enjoy my new bed without paying the price of being tortured all night by the small needle like feathers : )
although small , these little cups come in really handy . have small amounts of liquid to measure before you measure those tablespoons of sugar or flour ? now you do n't need to be concerned , just use a little oxo cup and move on ! i use them every time i bake and leave the measuring spoons dry or completely alone . just love them and need another set
henkel pro s knives are second to none . they will last a lifetime and make a tremendous difference in your cooking . these knives take the 'chore ' out of cutting vegis
the 8 " chef 's knife is a little heavy , but other than that , they both work great so far...especially for the price . i 've used them daily for a month , and they have not lost their sharpness at all .
henckels twin signature 7-piece block set is exactly what i 'd hoped that it would be : a quality set of knives that is ideal for the home . the set of henckels that i 've owned since the mid-80s finally gave in to a lot of use , sharpenings and dishwashings ( dishwashing a good knife is a nice way to shorten the handle 's life expectancy ! ) . but 20 years of great service from my previous set of henckels certainly warranted a loyal update/upgrade to another henckels set . and i am not disappointed . the new set is quite sturdy . home users will be impressed with their strength ; pros might be used to a higher standard , but i used to work in a professional kitchen and i ca n't see how these would not be as effective as anything a pro has . these knives come out of the box sharp too...a lot sharper than the sharpest that i 've ever had my previous set sharpened to . there were two descriptions from amazon that tell you what you get ; one of amazon 's descriptions included a carving knife ( product description ) and the other a peeling knife ( what 's in the box ) . amazon seems to have corrected the error as of this updated 2-13-2006 writing . to be sure , here 's what you actually get :  - 2 1/2 " peeling knife - 4 " paring knife - 5 " serrated knife - 8 " chef 's knife...this baby cuts through a roast like a hot knife through butter even though it 's designed for chopping and dicing . in my opinion , it 's better than a carving knife . - a sharpening steel - kitchen shears - and a storage block with 11 slots which is great because some of the knives , especially the serrated knives , from my old set are still in mint shape ( like the 8 " bread knife ) , so there 's plenty of room in the block for knives in your current collection looking for a new place to sleep . no 8 " carving knife . but like i said above , the 8 " chef 's knife works better than any carving knife that i 've used . the only things missing from this set for the average home is a nice large bread knife ( as i said this was not a problem for me ) and steak knives ( also not a problem as most households already have these ) . plain and simple , this is a great set of food preparation knives that--if my previous set is any indication--will last for decades . bon appetite .
a very solid knife set , especially with the extra slots for those who have a few " favorite " knifes left in the drawer . make sure when you buy henckels to get the " twin " set instead of the single little henckel-man , that 's a big upgrade in quality . oh , and for goodness sake people , quit putting your knife set through the dishwasher and just clean them as you go
wonderful pan , but the handles get very warm since it is oven-proof - wish it was broiler proof
i did not realise how much i needed a new one till i got the new one
great product . i am using this because my kitchen is under remodelling . works great with smaller vessels . heats up evenly . i give 4 points because i am annoyed by the bulb on the stove . it is on as long as the burner is connected to power . i would rather have a burner which has bulb to show if the burner is on/off .
the french-made roul'pat , like its cousin the silpat , is a flexible silicon mat enclosing a thin , fiberglass mesh for durability . the roul'pat is designed for creating a non-skid work surface for rolling out and kneading dough . the tacky surface adheres to the counter without clinging to the dough , making it easier to roll out thin pastry crusts and the like . because the mat is flexible , the transfer of a pie crust to pan is a cinch . dipped chocolates do n't stick , nor does fondant . at sixteen and a half inches by twenty-four , the surface is expansive enough for most recipes . the only drawback to this unusual mat is the inability to cut on it , ruling out anything that requires a cookie cutter or knife . the manufacturer also warns against folding and scraping the surface . i find the roul'pat works best on pie crusts , pizza dough , chocolate , and flatbreads ( or any bread dough that requires rolling or shaping . ) clean up is simple - wipe with a damp sponge and rinse . mild soap can be used if needed , although i try to keep the surface detergent free . ( the roul'pat is not dishwasher safe . )  this makes a fantastic gift for cooks who seem to have everything
i 've owned this grill pan for almost 2 years now and it does a great job of grilling everything from burgers to chicken , fish and thick steaks . it has the ability to heat up to a very high temperature , enabling me to nicely sear the outside of the meat . i can then pop the whole pan in the oven to finish cooking the inside of thick steaks or just to keep warm . as for clean up , the pan does need to sit and soak for a little while but after that , everything comes off with relative ease . no hard scrubbing involved . overall , i love this product and highly recommend it
i purchashed the professional series tortilla baker ps75791 to add healthy tortillas to my diet . i grind my own wheat berries and grow my oun yeast to make bread that is as fresh as it can be and is completed in 4 hours after grinding . a loaf cost just about 15 cents . i wanted to make freshly ground wheat tortillas for the cost savings and for the superior nutrition . i am very pleased with the results . i grind my wheat , but leave out the oil because i submurge my doe in olive oil so it will keep fresh for days in my frig and then work the oil into the doe just before pressing and cooking . the machine really works , and its easy to use . it a quality machine and is a mainstay of my healthy kitchen
this sturdy little fan has been working well for months . one quibble : its two speeds are medium & fast . there is no " slow . " overall , i 'm a happy customer
unit works great , heats up fast , easy to clean , and much better built than the typical discount store models . it looks like this willlast a long time
i have used a revere teakettle for 41 years . to clean it...all you need to do is take some easy off oven cleaner ( spray type ) and spray the stainless steel part . this cleans all the grease spatters and any other spatters you get on it . leave the easy off on until you see that you can wipe off the stains . wipe , rinse and dry . it will look brand new
i love the function of these glasses . we were given some of these bodum double wall glasses and immediately saw the quality difference . they will not sweat , they will keep your cold stuff cold , etc . i have two down-sides.. . these must be handled gently , they are not that thick or hearty . until we realized what was going on , we cracked two by having our refigerator ice dispensor throw cubes into them , cracking them . plus i yanked the dishwasher open fast , knocking one over into something solid , and it broke . but overall , if you handle them with a bit of care , they are really neat glasses
while these are described as " beer " glasses , they are fantastic for keeping milk cold through a meal . i actually pour the milk and place the glasses in the freezer while i start dinner . these glasses are easy to clean and retain their " sunny " shine , even though we have very hard water . no spots ! great product
when you bake with the bavaria pan , you can be sure that the finished product is consistent in shape everytime . the pan bakes evenly and there is a crispness of form when the cake is unmolded
i hope i never have to use it , but i have peace of mind , knowing it is in place
this is a light weight box fan that is very easy to move from place to place . the remote feature is very convenient and it really helps keep the apartment cool
this tablemate is perfect for anybody.it has many uses around the house which i could list but it would take to long . it is sturdy enough to hold about 20 to 30 lbs.when the tray is at its level position . the 3 positions is a plus because it gives you more options.the one thing that is a negative is the legs do not fold down completely for storage but everything else folds down ( table top and the small bar.other than the legs not folding this is a five star
i knew what i was buying , so there were n't any surprises . the only thing i do not like about them is the shallowness ; i wanted that feature for storage , but i did n't take into account how easy it is to be messy when mixing . i would suggest having another bowl around for use with an electric mixer . i like them , and i would buy them again. .
i just adore silicone bakeware ! ! ! i do n't own this particular pan , but i 'm replying to the first review . this pan , according to the description , measures 17-4/5 by 7 & 4/5 by 2 inches . i 'd imagine that the individual loaves would probably measure approximately 8 by 3 & 1/2 inches , a good size for , for instance , zucchini bread loaves intended as christmas gifts
this pan works so great ! i have used it for cookies , biscuits , and pizza . nothing has burned or stuck . super easy to clean , you can wipe it off with a paper towel and stick it in the dishwasher or just rinse it with a sponge and soap and everything just slips right off . great product !
this product has been great . the price is about half similar sized crates you can find at a pet store . the only difference is the metal is a little thinner but if your dog is not aggressive , it should be fine . also , their is only one side door , does n't have the 2 door options that higher priced crates have , but that did n't matter in our case . this door was actually larger and our puppy found it easier to go in and out . for the price , it 's a great product
i bought it for my fiance and she loves it . it 's great for frying chicken
purchased the toaster as a gift for my daughter 's family . they love it . with 2 kids and friends , the large capacity , sleek design , and perfect toasted bagels , keeps everyone happy . get lots of positive comments from friends on how it looks and toasts !
i got a sunbeam hot shot about 6 years ago . it had been recommended by someone at work . i used it at work every day ( and still do ) -- and have since bought another for home . it makes 2 cups of hot water -- and is great for everything including tea , instant oatmeal and hot chocolate . when my daughter was younger , it was great for her because she could make her own hot chocolate or instant macaroni and cheese , and i would n't have to worry about her being burned on the hot stove . with the hot shot , you just pour your water in the top and hit the " heat " button . the machine will then shut itself off when the water is hot and you can dispense the water . this is a great product and i highly recommend it for anyone who wants fast , convenient , and safe heating for hot water
we have had braun coffee pots for several years and have been happy with the coffee maker . unfortunately , the two coffee makers that we had ordered from amazon had a persistent leaking problem unlike the exact same models that we have had in the past
this thermometer has been a great asset to me during the course of my employment at the bellagio in las vegas , as well as during my time as a student at le cordon bleu . easy to use , full-featured and very dependable , i have recommended this thermometer to many people and use it many times each day
first thing we cooked in this pan were burgers , and we could not believe the difference in taste compared to pan fried . the raised ridges really carmelize the meat , and even when cooked well done the burgers are juicy . we have prepared chicken , pork chops and fish , and they are all at least as good as charcoal grilled . i would give this pan 10 stars if i could
i got this to use with the glorious one pot meals cookbook . it has wonderful recipies , and the pot works wonderful . cleans up really easy . try it , you 'll love it . sharon from colorad
purchased these to go with a 7 inch henckels international santoku that i 've been using for years , and the phrase that comes to mind to describe all fine edge cutlery is " good enough . " no , it is n't restaurant quality , and yes , if you put these through the dishwasher they 'll tarnish and probably even start to rust ( any metal designated as " stainless " is rust resistant rather than rust proof , and reviewers of other henckels products complaining about rust and tarnish probably are n't treating their knives very well ) . as a graduate student on a budget who enjoys cooking , but does n't always have the time for it , these knives are an ideal compromise between price and quality . be aware that they will occasionally require sharpening - i 've had the santoku for almost three years and run it through a commercially available ceramic disk sharpener every few months and it still cuts very nicely - and should probably be hand-washed for longest life . with that little bit of maintenance , however , this three piece set can meet nearly all of your cooking needs ( it meets all of mine , but then i do n't often dress poultry , filet my own fish , or do much that would require a cleaver or really subtle boning knife ) for quite a nice price
after reading all the reviews and hearing about this on the radio , i went ahead and shelled out $ 100 for this . i had really high expectation , having never spent so much for a heater before . i have happy to say that i am completely satisfied . this heater does n't overwhelm and dry out the room with too much heat . instead it circulates the heat over time ( you should probably give it a good half hour to properly heat the whole room ) evenly heating the whole room and leaving absolutely no cold spots . after spending some time in my room , i had completely forgotten how cold it was outside . other bonuses are that it is very easy to operate and has a thermostat so you can set it to the exact termerature that you want your room to be . my only minor complaint is that for its price , it should have included a remote control . otherwise , it is a wonderful heater
you put cake mix in it and make cake . this pan does just that . yay
the litter box is good if you have a cat that does not scratch . my cat sometimes tears up the box with her claws so i have to keep an eye on her and the box for leaking and holes . other then that the chystals are excellent for odor
i have to say that i have tried almost all of the self-cleaning litter boxes out there for my large male 14year old cat . he has the electric water fountain for kitties and yes he does drink lot and lots of water , so you know what that means , yes , he pees a lot . oh yea he is a larger ( not fat ) kitty so he eats a lot also , i aint sayin no more on that subject . it has now been 25 amazing ! ! ! ! ! ! scoop/poop/pee clump/urin odor/poop smell/lots & lots & lots of anoying tracked sandy litter .......................free days ! ! ! ! ! this is not saying that this litter box does not have any room for improvement , but i am one happier kitty owner . i will tell anyone that hates doody & pee clump duty , or that hates the tracked litter mess and nasty clumped up ( metal or plastic ) rake & plastic that never fits right storage container , get this litter box . the main gripe i have with this litter box is the cost of the replacement crystal litter cartridges , but i have been told by numerous pet store owners and workers that there will probably be a generic competitor on the market soon which will hopefully bring the price of the litter cartridges down . one can only hope ! but regardless , i am keeping this auto waste center for my cay . the other gripe , but not major problem i have seen so far , is with the cardboard for the cartridge that the litter sits in . now my cat , with a regular clumping litter box had clumps the size of softballs . after 25 days , there is , on the bottom of the inside tray , ( not the bottom one that actually touches the floor and acts as the cover when you throw the thing out ) a wet spot in the area that my cat likes to urinate at , apparently this is his favorite spot to pee . on the bottom cardboard tray ( the one that touches the floor and acts as the cover when you throw the cartridge out ) there is just the hint of a wet spot . i think that if they increase the wax content in the cardboard or if that is what is actually coating the cardboard this will help . i have not had to realign the rake as other people have said they had to do . i do not smell any urine or poop and there is a lot of shrunken poop under that cardboard tray cover . i have minimal tracked crystal litter on the floor around and/or under the litter box . the motor is not as quiet as i would like , but then again it does n't bother me or wake anyone in my house up either , it is kept on a wooden floor right out side the bedroom door in a hallway . if you are in the market for an almost maintenance free litter box for your cat , try this one . like i said earlier , it 's not 100 % perfect , but it is the best damn self cleaning , almost maintenance free litter box on the market . not every kitty or human for that matter poops and pees that same , so if you do n't try it you will never know if it 's right for you and your kitty/kitties . read all the rest of the reviews for this and other products and see what everyone is saying about all of them , make an educated decision  good luck
i bought this product back in july 2005 and have been using it to make my morning protein shakes . it does a good job of it . i can not comment on its ability to make icecream as i try to stay away from that stuff . the unit has a very solid construction . the stainless steel glass is great . i just drink my shake from it . so it saves me from having to wash another glass . i just have one small issue with it . you can not remove the spindle to clean it . you have to use the stainless steel glass with warm , soapy water , put it under the spindle and then rotate it around to clean it . well , the problem is this - while i am drinking my shake , the spindle is dripping liquid on the part of the unit that flares out on the bottom . okay , okay , it 's no big deal , i suppose . all in all , i like this product , and i would recommend it .
i love this set . this was the first " real " cookware i 've ever bought . my husband and i did months of research before purchasing this set . we 've had it now for about 2 months and i ca n't express how much we 've enjoyed it . i 've read several reviews that say food sticks and so on , but i think that perhaps those people think that because it looks similar to non stick , it is . it 's not ! think of it like this : it cooks like stainless steel and cleans up like non stick ( maybe even better ! ) . we almost went with the all clad , but we just could n't get over how uncomfortable the handles were . since i have n't cooked with all clad , i ca n't compare the calphalon one to it , but i will say they heat evenly and cook evenly . clean up is super easy ! just this morning i made bacon and french toast . i looked at the pans and thought " there is no way i 'll ever get this clean ! " i poured some bar keeper 's friend on it and went to work with my scotch brite pad and within minutes it was spotless ! fantastic
my fiance and i registered for this set and we were thrilled when my parents got it for us . i have been an avid home cook for over 10 years and have never had a complete set of cookware . this is exactly what the dr. ordered ! here 's why : 1 ) heavy , sturdy construction . these things can take a beating . they heat evenly and hold heat very well . 2 ) you can use metal utensils with them . i hate plastic spatulas ! we all know that we are n't supposed to use metal with non-stick pans but we all do and then after a while our pan is a useless , peeling shadow of its former self . well this is n't the case with calphalon 1 ! scrape away with any device you have at your disposal with no fear . 3 ) they " stick " and sear as well as cast iron cookware ( it 's a good thing ) . this is the best feature for me . coated non-stick cookware has its place but if you like to pan sear and get those tasty browned bits for sauces you used to have to use a pan that 's not non-stick such as stainless steel or cast iron . they " stick " for a reason . you need that contact with the cooking surface to get that great browning . now there 's the calphalon 1 which sears as well as cast iron pans but cleans up like a non-stick pan . it 's a no-brainer ! 4 ) they look cool , have great handles , they 're oven-safe , and they come with a lifetime warranty . these are not cheap . if your primary goal in cookware is super easy cleanup then do n't buy this expensive set . it will dissapoint you . but , if you want the advantages of traditional cookware combined with easier cleanup in a durable , functional set , and are willing to shell out the $ $ $ for a top-of-the-line product then this is for you . serious cooks who need the correct tools will love this cookware
this is a great roasting pan and is heavy and solid in the way all all clad pans are . but it is huge . if you frequently roast 20 lb turkeys or half an ox , this pan is for you . a regular roasting chicken looks pretty small and forlorn . it is a terrifically well-made roaster , but i find i also need one just a bit smaller
the pot rack came as advertised and it was a snap to put up . it looks ok and works well with my wall space . i would purchase this item again
if you have problems with gripping those round coffee grinders , this one is for you ! it 's oval shape makes holding it much easier than a round grinder . it grinds well and quickly and is a breeze to clean with just a few flicks of a pastry brush ( dedicate one specially for this as it will discolor over time ) . it 's the shape that makes it great
this is a great thermometer , easy to use and very accurate . it is an essential tool in the kitchen for making perfect candy recipes each time . you should always test your thermometer in boiling water by reaching 212f or 100c before you use it . i like the clip that allows you to attach it to the side of the pot . it 's easy to read and dishwasher proof . it 's the best !
my dish for the holidays is always mini-cheesecakes . it was always frustrating to get them out of my mini-muffin pan . this pan has made it so easy ! i no longer dread making this dessert . just a note though... the cups on this pan are approx twice as big as a regular mini-muffin pan so adjust your recipe accordingly . i just double my recipe and get bigger mini-cheesecakes . i do n't think anyone will mind
this is undeniably the best balanced , best constructed , easiest to use knife on the market . i dont use any of my other knives after i bought this... amazing . if you are going to buy only one knife - get this one
this is a great skillet for a party or a large family . we used it on super bowl sunday for bbq wings . the skillet kept them warm and looked good as a buffet server , as well . it cleaned up quickly and easily .
i 've been using one of these little gems for over 20 years and it still works flawlessly . great output & grind adjustment . the only other pepper mill that i could recommend ( in addition to this one ) is the unicorn magnum plus pepper mill ( 9-in. ) . the perfex is " the " pepper mill that every well equipped kitchen should have
i have seen this set at my friends place ....its gorgeous ! ! a bid pricy though compared to other corelle sets
i never really noticed the inner groove as a " problem " until i read the other reviews . this was part of my first all-clad set--so nice ! yes , things stick in the groove , but i just use a silicone spatula while cooking and i do n't seem to have a problem . i love the capacity and size/shape of this unit . scrambled eggs come out beautifully in this pot , as does chocolate ganache and buttercream frosting . but sometimes my pumpkin pie filling gets bits of cooked egg if i 'm not diligent about stirring out the groove . the width/depth ratio allows me to really get my whisk or spatula inside to work . sometimes the dishwasher ( horrors , i know ! ) does n't get the groove completely clean . i hand-wash it most times anyway , so that does n't really matter too much to me . i like the length of the handle , but i wish it were slightly thicker to make it easier to grab when using a pot-holder
i had never tried yogurt cheese before , but i was intrigued by the idea . making the yogurt cheese was simple with this device - just fill with yogurt and leave it in the fridge . the product seems sturdy and was easy to clean . we grow our own raspberries , and i have been eating them with ice cream . last night i tried eating them with non-fat yogurt cheese sweetened with a bit of sugar . it was delicious and much healthier ! yogurt cheese is a good source of calcium and protein - half a cup has 85 calories , 10 grams protein , 10 grams carbohydrate , and 235 mg calcium . it would be great for layering with fruit in parfaits
we were looking for a toaster to toast thicker breads such as bagels . the toaster does this and more . there is a bagel button you press when toasting bagels and only the outside heating coils come on and toast the center of the bagel ! this is how i like them to be toasted . the toaster also has a basket that holds the bread/bagel in place while it is being toasted . this feature is really nice when toasting soft things such as pop-tarts . good variance of heat controls too . i have not found anything bad on this one . good choice
butter can be better when served in a truly elegant country butter pot . emile henry couleurs does not fail . buy it , you will love it . and , have something absolutely unique -- no kidding
i got rid of my electric can opener when i bought this one . there is no need for it anymore . this can opener works like a charm and very easy to use . does not take up any space at all . love it ! ! ! ! ! ! !
i 've had one of these for many years and it recently went on the fritz after a lot of usage . i 'm getting another . it ca n't be beat - and the fact that it 's cordless is huge . you can have a table full of folks for dinner , and walk around freely with your percolator ; no unplugging required . and the coffee comes out delicious
i bought one of these for my daughter for christmas and i got this particular one because it had all the attributes she wanted . she wanted it to be small ehough for just two people and to be able to remove the bowl for cleaning . this was the only one i found with those attributes . there were 1 qt . size that were too little and all the bigger ones for big families . after she got it she liked it so well that i bought one for myself and it works perfectly . i think the size for a small family and the ease of cleaning are the real selling points for me
how do you cleave your meat ? i cleave my meat by meat cleaving it with a meat cleaver
i own many items from the le creuset stoneware collection , and i must say that they are all of superb quality . this square pan is perfect for baking and serving my favorite side dishes and desserts . i have been impressed over and over again at how non-stick the surface of this bakeware is . everything i have put into le creuset bakeware - brownies , casseroles , refried beans , etc . - has come clean with zero elbow grease . in fact , the dishwasher usually gets them sparkling clean without my help ! i highly recommend this product as well as everything else from this line
this is my third rowenta iron and they have all served me well , but this is by far the best . the steam is amazing . you only have to made one pass on most items . i know it is a lot of money for an iron but it is worth every penny for the time it saves
we have been extremely pleased with our tri-ply set ( we have the 8-pc . set plus a number of extra pieces we 've picked up ) . they heat evenly ; are durable ; the ( long ) handles really do stay cool ; and clean well . our only complaint is that calphalon does n't seem to care about minimizing the number of lids necessary for their cookware . we own only one lid that fits more than one pot/pan ( the one for the 10 in . pan , 3 qt . saute , 6 qt . stockpot ) --and we have 4 other lids which fit only a single pot , some of which are within 1/2 in . of being the same width ! however , we 'd still get these pans again in a second , and probably go for the 13-piece set instead of the 8 piece as well
i used to have the calphalon commercial non-stick and i prefer these . the stainless steel pans seem to heat up faster , are easier to handle and you can put them in the dishwasher ( although calphalon prefers you handwash them ) . no problems yet and i do n't forsee any . a great purchase
having gone through our share of toaster ovens in 22 years of marriage , this is by far the best . it 's classy looking on the counter , easy to clean , very lightweight , quiet and has alot of options for toasting and baking that make the food come out just as it should . i ca n't imagine going back to a traditional toaster oven again .
this stockpot is wonderful ! ! the weight is professional , the size perfect and the handles are great for a little old lady like me ! ! ha ha ! what a fabulous buy ! ! thank you ! thank you ! thank you
i 've been using this apple peeler for about six years . it still works great and makes pies a breeze . even easy enough for kids to use ! much more stable than the kind you have to clamp to the table
excellent panini press , sturdy construction , easy clean-up , looks nice just go out and buy one . you wo n't regret it
the villaware panini grill has proved to be a very useful appliance , so much so that i leave it out on the counter - it 's quite attractive , and certainly not an eyesore . i use it often , for grilled sandwiches , of course , but also for grilled meats and fish . i would caution users to avoid meat with bones , e.g . lamb chops ( you ca n't get a good sear when the bone keeps the surface of the meat away from the grill ) , and to be very careful about timing : things get done twice as fast ! while the cleaning " comb " is useful to get most of the remaining food or fat off the grill , you still need to fold a paper towel and clean each groove separately ; much easier to do if the grill is warm ( not hot ) . i have n't tried grilling vegetables , yet , but it should work perfectly on zucchini sliced the long way , or eggplant , or peppers . i am very happy with the quality of this product
i 'm blown away ! with 48 blades , this product really does the job quickly and quietly . no more boom ! boom ! boom ! echoing off the walls which only produced a flat but still tough piece of meat . i 'd gladly pay twice the cost for the deni because it works ! it 's very sturdy , very sharp and easy to clean in the dw . i 'm using cheaper cuts of meat sucessfully in recipes i had stored away because of toughness or price . marinating is faster and more effective , cooking time can be reduced . keep it away from kids . protect your countertop . the best kitchen gadget i ever bought ! !
the first time i used it i put a little white vinegar into the water with the eggs and timer . it seemed to cut down on the plastic smell . also the vinegar will seal your eggs if they crack preventing the insides from leaking out . i did notice the timer has to be completely dark for the eggs to be done instead of the little light circle in the middle like is stated on the packag
as a person who could set boiling water on fire , i can truely state that this hard boiled egg timer has helped me be able to boil an egg . prior to this i never knew if the egg was done and usually i either over cooked them , or worse , under cooked them . now they come out perfect everytime . highly recommend
you either " get " this product or you do n't . it 's probably my favorite appliance in my whole house , and i show it off proudly to everyone who comes over . when i do , some folks look at me like i 'm nuts while others instantly begin grinning and nodding their heads . ( kindred spirits ! )  here 's the deal . i hate bending over . i hate getting my hands dirty with a dustpan . i do n't mind sweeping a room , but for some reason that extra step of scooping up the pile of dirt and dumping it into the trash can drives me crazy . ( more often than not , i 'll just sweep the pile into a corner , prop the broom against the wall over it , and tell myself i 'll take care of it later . disgusting , i know , but i 'm not exactly known for my housekeeping skills ! )  anway , with the sweep-eze , all i have to do is sweep the pile under the electric eye . magically , the machine kicks on and sucks it up--without me having to bend over or get my hands dirty or anything . i love it ! i do n't have to empty the canister very often , maybe once a month at most . the only drawback is that it 's pretty loud and my family gets mad at me if i do n't warn them that i 'm about to kick it on . but as long as i say " sweep-eze alert ! " , they 're happy . and it only stays on for a few seconds anyway . some folks do n't get it , but for those who do , this product is invaluable . i 'm not sure how i ever got along without it
this dust bin is a helping hand to the disabled that have difficulties bending and to workshop craftsman
i have used different brands of blenders and food processors from various manufacturers in the past , but beleive me or not , this blender/food processor is really the one i am looking for . it has a powerful motor that can easily break ice , plus the blender jar is made of really thick , unbreakable material , unlike many other glass blender jars . one other feature i like about this combo is its wave action technology , which can continuously pull down the mixture in it and this system really works . the food processor is large enough to chop/mix fruits and vegetables , and above all it saves a lots of space in my kitchen . i have read a lots of bad reviews from many people about other combos like this , but i do n't know what these people are exactly trying to do with a blender/food processor .
i 've owned a couple of sets of corelle dinnerware through the years and gave both sets away because i used them so long ( without breaking any pieces ) that i grew tired of the pattern . this time i decided i wanted a plain white dinnerwear set for everyday use . when i did an internet search , this corelle set came up . i bought it , and i 'm very pleased with my purchase . i highly recommend it
i love our new white corelle . it is so light and takes up much less room in the cabinet .
let 's face it , you make an effort to have your home clean and coordinated . nice furniture and practical book shelves . but you do not live alone ; there is probably a canine or feline lurking around . it may seem novel to buy a bowl with a picture of garfield on it or some cutesy saying . but in the long run this durable , multi use , dishwasher safe , bowl will look much better and your companion will not have to look embarrassed every time he/she wants a few laps of water .
this is an extremely nice cutting board , great size and easy to handle . cleans up in a breeze . no stains and does not dull those favorite knives . i have the larger size but this one is my favorite
i purchased this press to supplement a larger 8-cup model . the press allows just under one standard size mug to be filled . if you also are looking for a mug 's worth of coffee , i would recommend purchasing the 4-cup model as that would leave just a bit more room , and keep more of the small grindings in the press , rather than in the bottom of my cup . also , it should be noted that bodum sells the spare parts for this press ( right here on amazon , in fact ) , so if you should break it , a few dollars will get you back in java ! another note , some people have mentioned that dumping the grindings proves problematic as you ca n't just put them down the drain ( plugs up your trap ) . i have found an easy solution in using the plastic and wire mesh grind basket of my last automatic coffee maker as a strainer . i just pour the bit of water and grinds out of the press and into the basket ( which i leave in the sink ) , and allow the water to run off . then i pour shake the dry coffee into the trash . no fuss , and the basket is dishwasher safe for the occasional cleaning
for ideal coffee using a french press is the best method . it takes a bit more time and effort , but results in much better tasting coffee . this is because due to the lower temperatures and the lack of a paper filter the coffee oils stay in tact . this adds a lot of flavor to the coffee that is lost otherwise . as for this french press in particular : size does matter . if you make enough coffee that you are n't drinking by the single mug then just get a bigger press . i drink about a pot and half of coffee most week days and find the effort required to use this smaller press a hassle . as such i just keep this press at home and only use it in the evenings .
i 've used this knife for nearly two years and i love it ! it fits perfectly in my hand and takes a razor sharp edge with little effort . this knife sold me on the entire four star line
we love this thing . the steamer takes up far less room for both storage and use than a regular standing ironing board . we have a small house and not alot of wiggle room , so space saving is key for us . also,i hate ironing ; sleeves , collars and touchy fabrics can be a bear . with the steamer i just drag the wand and go , so far easy as pie . on some types of fabrics or clothing details i can see where a little touch with a traditional iron would be beneficial , but overall we love this thing .
all coffee grinders leave a bit of a mess so do n't let the comments about stray grinds deter you . all the reviewers who used flavored beans need to be discounted since that is not recommended . others seem to have trouble with the " door " which is really just a deflector for the grind . you get a few grinds on the counter but that is a small price to pay for delicious fresh coffee . th a-9 has a strong relatively quiet motor ( which means it is still loud , but not as loud as most other burr grinders0 and takes up very little counter space . the glass hopper for the beans seals at the top with a scrw on lid . i love the idea of the measuring cup which saves a lot of time scooping . it eliminates that step...just grind until you have the right amount and dump it into your coffee basket . kitchen aid has a nice pro model that costs twice as much by why pay more for less
everything about this set is well done . the packaging and the size of the plates .
i 'm glad i bought this griddle ! i 've been stuck with teflon-coated nonstick pans for a while , and when i saw such great deals on cast iron pans , i had to buy a few . i ordered the griddle , the ~ 10 " logic grill pan , and the ~ 10 " skillet . thankfully all three qualified for free super saver shipping , because the cost to ship was more than the cost of the pans themselves ! the order was placed late monday night , and i was promised that my pans would ship by the following monday . by wednesday the griddle had arrived , and the grill pan showed up on friday . way to go , ups ! it turns out that its good to get these things early , because it takes a few days to get the " natural finish " pans properly seasoned . i think most of the complaints found in user reviews of cast iron cookware could have been avoided entirely had the reviewers simply taken the time to season their pans properly . food wo n't stick to a cast iron pan if you 've taken the time to season it until it 's black and almost totally non-stick . it takes some time and paitence , but it 's the same way with a good wok : you get out of it what you put into it , and this certainly reflects in one 's cooking . iif you 're going to buy one of these pans , do your homework ! ask google about cast iron seasoning tips and instructions and you too can have an awesome cast iron pan . if you want to save some time , just buy the logic line of pans , because saving the effort of seasoning is probably worth the massive price increase ( the logic griddle is nearly double the price of the original ) . keep in mind that you will eventually have to re-season the pan , but hopefully not for a while ( we 'll see how the grill pan turns out ) . i agree with some of the other reviews , the handle could stand to be made a little longer . i am a pretty physically fit chef , and i still find the griddle to be pretty hefty . a little extra ease of carrying a heavy piece of what 's usually very hot iron would be great . i 've found that grabbing it with a folded cotton ( natural fibers do n't melt ! ) towl helps , or if you 're serious about using cast iron ( and you like to sear meat on it ) you should invest in a pair of welder 's gloves or something equally thick and heavy and fireproof . this morning i pulled the griddle out of the oven where it had spent the past few days being alternately heated , rubbed down with peanut oil , and cooled ; and i heated it up and made pancakes . you have not lived until you eat pancakes cooked on a hot cast iron surface . teflon-coated pans simply can not compare . i ca n't wait to try making grilled-cheese sandwiches , omelettes , and hashed browns on this griddle . with any luck , this will be the last griddle i ever need to buy ( and hopefully the griddle my grandchildren wo n't have to buy )
pfaltzgraff products are always reliably good , the pistoulet dinnerware actually makes me feel cheerful when i use it . the colors are great and the designs are whimsical . i bought two sets in different colors and mix and match which makes the eating experience even more fun . i want to start collecting all the fun serving pieces too . the only thing i did n't like was taking stickers off each piece in the box . that always makes me crazy , it should be against the law to put stickers on dishes
i 'm a student at a massage therapy school and i only have two sheet sets , so i wash these at least twice a week and they are n't showing any wear at all ( i 've had them for about 2 months ) . i do n't really care for the color , but i get complements on my sheets often . the order arrived a week earlier than i had expected . i could n't be more pleased
the angled slots are useful and easier than top loaders . the right pull pushes the bread up once toasted , i love this feature . the bagel toaster is handy as is the stop button . all of the buttons and pulls are easy and intuitively obvious , you do n't need a degree to operate it . it looks interesting on my counter since it does n't look like the typical toaster . i would have given 5 stars except for the fact that a large slice of bread does n't fit all the way in , the slots could have been a bit larger . they are wide enough for fat bread . i really like this toaster so far .
hands down the best non-stick tongs i 've ever purchased . definitely worth the money !
these pans are a great value . they are heavy duty and will last for a long time . i do alot of baking and need to freguently replace them . they heat evenly to prevent burning . the extra large size cuts my time in half so i can spend more time enjoying the end results with my family . the silverstone coating makes clean-up a breeze . they are alittle heavy so they are not the best if you want those little hands to help in the baking . these pans are a must have for all
kitchens etc put price stickers on the outsides of each bowl . these are not coming off easily at all . each one of them has a sticky , white adhesive mess on the side . the bowls themselves are cute
this machine turns coffee into a near-religeous experience ! every cup has a perfect crema head , is absolutely fresh , piping hot , rich and strong - and it 's so fast ! anyone who does n't like this coffee maker has to be :  1 ) using the machine incorrectly ( most of the criticisms i 've read reveal the real culprit is " pilot error " ) 2 ) using bad coffee , or 3 ) just not a coffee lover ! i have been responsible for the sale of at least 25 of these machines , simply by serving its coffee to family , friends and collegues - everyone rushes out to buy one for themselves . ( granted , i use great coffee : java one 's french roast . look for a retailer on-line . )  my friends have abandoned starbacks , now that they can make this ! so do n't let the critics scare you - this is the best thing to happen to coffee since the blessed bean was discovered . come over - i 'll make you a cup and all arguments will be settled
the senseo delivers a good , hot cup of coffee in either single or double mode . it 's easy to fill , easy to use , easy to clean , and accepts any suitably shaped coffee pod . the only mild annoyance is the rattly cup tray during the brew-pump operation
this cooker makes the best jasmine rice if you measure 1 1/2 cups raw , jasmine rice into the cooker , wash it under cold water for 3 washings , and then fill the cooker with water up just under the 2 cup mark ( more like 1 1/2 cups water ) with the washed rice still in the cooker . just push the button and taste great , fluffy rice - everytime in only 20 minutes or less ! i love my cooker and have sent these as gifts to my children and friends . maybell
i learned a long time ago , if you go kitchenaid , you go for life . they make the highest quality , longest life products i have ever seen . this hand mixer is the third of its kind i 've owned . i 've had two of the braun models and they died out after about a year of average use . i finally got the kitchenaid and it has been going strong for a few years now . i really like having the ability to go down to the bottom of a large pot , a full 8 " . even though it is of substantial weight , it fits your hand like a glove . i found it far superior to the braun , as a matter of fact , it does n't even compare . the plastic cup with lid makes an excellent accessory since you can mix and store without wasting time . the chopper is the most efficient i have seen , does a better job that a food processor . i especially like the multi-speed dial . it goes from 1 to 9 so it has the power you need , when you need it . egg white or whip cream does n't even challenge it , the whipping attachment makes sure of that . this baby handles like a pro . there are times when you do n't need the big mixer and the immersion blender really fills in nicely . you wo n't be disappointed with the quality , power or its sleek look
cooks evenly as all get out , cleans up fine in the dishwasher , and the non-stick coating seems to work just fine , but the thing weighs more than my grandpa 's old blue buick ! it does have the extra little handle on the far side to make it easier to pick up with two hands , so it is manageable . but it is heavy . and the handle gets hot . so , if you want a great pan and are willing to put up with the weight , hot handle , pick one up when it 's on sale and you'l be a happy cook
i 'm a true longaberger fan , but since they 're getting out of control on their prices lately , i thought i 'd try something else . this piece by far is the only piece of pottery that i 've found that can stand up to longaberger 's quality . this dish cleans beautifully and holds a nice-sized lasagna . i 'm very , very happy with it and only wish i 'd found the le creuset brand before now . grab this dish - it will quickly become your favorite ! i love the color
i hate taking out the vacuum and trying to find a plug for it . this means i wait until i absolutely have to use the vacuum and the house is a mess . this thing is so light and convenient that i pull it out whenever there is a mess and i do n't hate doing it . i have had it for about 3 months now and the battery is great . in fact i keep forgetting to plug it back in and it still is always ready for me . it works great on my wood floor and area rugs .
i got a set of four of these same steak knives for christmas 2004 , and they 've been excellent . they 've seen constant use and are still razor-sharp . it 's been a real revelation to me : so this is what good kitchen knives are like , and this is why they cost more than the lightweight stuff ! i 've never had a genuinely good chef 's knife , paring knife , etc . but when i 'm ready to get a serious set , i know exactly what brand i 'll buy
these knives came in a beautiful box , and are the perfect steak knife
i have several pieces of all clad . i love this little bowl ! it 's great for mixing brownie 's , eggs , pancakes....etc . i have other bowls , but , this is the one i reach for . you 're buying with confidence when you purchase all clad . the name speaks for itself , quality ! you will not be disappointed
very lightweight - can use it on a magazine even - clipping it to the bottom of the magazine works well . plenty of light to read by too - i sometimes do n't need my reading glasses when using it
the pitcher does what it 's supposed to do and is easy to clean . my only wish is that they would make a pitcher like this microwavable and with lines showing the ounces of the contents . that way you could pour the amount you need and pre-warm the milk in the pitcher prior to frothing , achieving better & faster & more convenient results
i just received this set the other day , and am absolutely thrilled . it is top-notch quality , and the pieces are very heavy . my silverware drawer looks so pretty and perfect , i am tickled every time i open it ! it is definitely the last set i 'll ever need . and at this price , ( and free shipping to boot ) there is no better deal anywhere
this is my favorite salad spinner , and i 've tried several over the last couple years . it dries my lettuce very well , and has some useful features that i have n't seen in other spinners . like the old zyliss spinner , you pull on a handle to spin the basket . but with this one the more you pull , the faster it spins , kind of like revving up a top or something . it spins much faster than those 'crank ' spinners or the 'push down ' type -and faster spinning means more water off your veggies . as for the new features , here are my top five :  1 ) the lid is clear , so you can see the veggies spinning around in there and make sure you 're not overfilling the spinner , the lettuce isnt bunching up in one corner , etc . ok , it 's also just mesmerizing to watch your food spin round and round . kind of like watching your clothes roll around in the dryer . 2 ) there is a brake ! so after you 've whipped your veggies into a frenzy , you can slam them to a stop -which also helps get more water off . this works better on the small sized spinner , since there is less weight to stop , but even on the big spinner it works very well . i have seen a brake on another spinner , but this one works much better . 3 ) the cord pulls itself back in -and gently : i disliked how the old 'string ' spinners would yank on your arm , and if you did n't respond just right the string would n't pull in at all : it ends up just sitting there in a pile . you 'd have to take the lid off and wind it up yourself ! this new design winds the cord up every time . 4 ) the basket is smooth on the inside -that 's something i defintely have not seen before . it 's a subtle feature , but very helpful : it helps make sure little bits of your lettuce dont get stuck in the basket when you 're cleaning it out . 5 ) you can stack things on top of it , both in the fridge and in the cupboard , because the top is mostly flat . the handle even sits in its own little pocket in the lid so that it 's not in the way . in my house fridge space is valuable and i appreciate being able to stack this spinner like i do with my tupperware . so , overall i am impressed with this spinner ( so impressed that i 've also given it as a gift ! ) . it does its job very well and has thoughtful extra features which make it more helpful around the kitchen
i bought the hot diggity dogger many years ago . we are still using it ! ! my kids have made their own hot dogs for years . my middle one loves it . he is getting his own place now and i am going to get him one for christmas . he has used it the most . he loves it . it is the only appliance that i have ever gotten that has truly paid for itself
i picked this up on a special promotion for ~ $ 20 , and for that price it is unbeatable . has held up for years of regular use & dishwasher cleaning . be sure to get some soft spatulas with your first non-stick pan purchase.. .
well , " um " my dad has my first calphalon pan . he stole it from me . ha , ha...he loves it to cook my mom breakfast . so , i needed a new one . this pan has a triple-coated nonstick interior - nothing sticks , it just slips around . trust me , this is important when frying eggs . there is also a certain sound that seems to be unique to these pans . the food not only cooks well , it sounds good while it is cooking . yeah , that sounds strange , but you will see what i mean . these pans just have a touch of class to them that is unequalled . the tri-ply stainless construction includes an aluminum core . it is meticulously crafted and the pan sits flat and does n't move , even on the flat cooktops . the heat distribution is great . flared rim and sloped sides perfect for omelets or sauting stay cool handle - very impressive , did n't even get warm 100 % dishwasher safe  this pan is also oven safe to 450 degrees , however they do n't recommend you use this for broiler use as it will damage the nonstick surface of the pan . i was skeptical because on a flat cooking surface , many pans will actually start spinning . this pan just sat there and that was impressive . the base is completely flat and that is the beauty . you would be amazed at how many pans are not completely flat . covered by a lifetime warranty so they will repair or replace any item that is found to be defective . the nonstick calphalon cookware is a real favorite for frying because nothing sticks ! made this cook smile ! ~ therebeccareview.com
we are replacing all our coated pans . this is a great pa
if you like to bake this is a nice product to have in your arsenal of tools . i bake whole grain muffins and breads every week and find this pan to be extremely useful . the breads that i have made released easily after they had cooled . i find it best to place this pan on a cooling rack for about an hour before removing the bread from the pans . if you do this it releases completely . if the bread is still warm when you try to remove it , it might not come out in one piece . i have found that it is best to put this pan on a half sheet pan prior to filling it with dough or batter . if you try to carry it to the oven without a pan underneath it , it is not very steady . if you do n't have other silicone bakeware you are unfamiliar with the nicest feature of this product . you can squish it up in a ball to store it , and bounces back to its original shape when you need it . my only complaint about this pan is that the bread does not brown as well on the bottom as sides as it does in a metal pan . but , being able to make 6 medium sized loaves at one time more than makes up for decrease in browning .
i 've made everything from braised short ribs to homemade mole in this and i can truly say it is fabulous . goes from stovetop to oven perfectly and retains heat better than any cookware i 've used . can not reccomend it highly enough
worked very well when whipping up a roux . the heavy disc bottom did a good job of evenly distributing heat and did n't scorch . the rounded sides meant that i had no problem getting a whisk into the sides of the pan . cleaned up easily and looks really nice . whoever designed this stuff got the shape and materials right ; it is very aesthetically pleasing . the main downside is that at 1 quart , it is not as useful if you need to cook for more than 2-4 people . note to the person who had the pan discolor : simply sprinkle a little bit of " barkeeper 's friend " in the pan and rub with a damp sponge . i find this cleaner shines up all my stainless steel to like-new condition with no scrubbing or scratching . it also works to keep the copper banding looking shiny
i bought a dozen of these from another retailer ( at half price ) and i love them ! they are perfect for everything that requires a small size container . i use the cups to beat two eggs , melt butter , heat up baby food ( never heat food in any plastic ) , to serve ketchup or other condiments , store a small amount of leftovers , etc . by using the appropriately sized cup , i save a lot of space in both the fridge and the dishwasher . i recommend these highly
... and i do n't even make custard ! * lol * i just love these for small servings of ice cream , fruit , side dishes , etc . they are great with meals for anything that you do n't want to mix with the other foods on your plate . they are perfect for snacks and desserts . they are great for things such as pickles , olives , chopped onions , relish , dips , etc . on a casual buffet or picnic table . they also work well for pre-portioning ingredients when making a complicated recipe or allowing younger kids to cook with you . the typical pyrex glass which is thick and a bit heavy is perfect for my family because it holds up to less than gentle everyday use . i still want my children to learn to be careful with china and glassware , but i see no reason to be too 'precious ' about everday dishware
* * * * * i bought two sets of four bowls to complement my nice set of everyday dishes for times when you want just a little bit of something---like a little yogurt , or some granola , some fresh raspberries---and we use them all the time . i agree with a previous reviewer that they would be wonderful for food prep . they are not thin , as a previous reviewer has noted . they are not thick or bulky either , though , just perfect . they seem like they will last a long time and wear quite well . they almost look , well...elegant , which seems kind of cool for just pyrex and for the price . the bowls come well-packaged , and although the price is very low , they definitely do n't seem cheaply made . i have n't seen them in stores , either . great buy ! * * * *
these small cups come in handy for making custard , warming baby food and for individual servings of snacks , and food items,etc . delivery was prompt . they do n't seem to be available in the department stores or discount stores anymore so was delighted to find them on line . lynn martin in va
lots of reviews already , so let 's not waste your time :  pros : - easy to setup ( no waiting for charcoal or having to buy propane ) - easy to clean - practical . u can use it indoor/outdoor - no flames , so it 's quite hard to actually burn the food  cons : - does n't cook the food 100 % evenly . noticed that the area around the thermostat is hotter . not by much though , but you can notice the grill marks on the food stronger when near the thermostat - does n't get really really hot . if you 're trying to cook brazilian style ( large chunk of meat ) , it might not work out . however , it 's great if you cut it into smaller chunks of meat . overall : i love this so much that some days i use this for lunch and for dinner . there are no pans to clean . only reason i do n't give 5 stars is because it 's not even throughout the whole plate .
this little grill is not so little , with a large grill surface , but it takes up so little space on my apartment 's patio - so it is perfect for those of us who only have a small patio or balcony . it is easy to use , easy to clean , and grills perfectly - no mess , no fuss .
i 'm sticking with the lighter colors due to scratching . my persimmon 16 piece setting arrived with two dinner plates scratched . i think next time i 'll order them as individual place settings as they were n't packed well . amazon will give me a 20 % discount for keeping them .
i like this place setting color , but i have taken the advice of others and i use coffee filters between pieces for storage . it is a great place setting
i 've been using mine almost daily for cooking and/or laundry , and it is still running off the original battery after more than 6 months . the one small criticism that i have is that the buttons are too easily pushed , and i ca n't stick it in my pocket without stopping it or changing the setting somehow . other than that , it 's all good. .
i bought this timer , because my husband wanted one similar to the one his mom had , with the big display and the simple , three-button operation . this particular timer was better priced than most i looked at , and i liked the extra large display . i have been very happy with it . the buttons do n't stick like other timers i have used . i like the way the memory feature works , and the bonus feature that it can count up is also nice
had this on my amazon wish list , but then came across it for the same price at a target store and bought it ( sorry amazon ) . and i really am pleased so far . my toddler has allergies and his allergist had recommended an air purifier for his room . we did lots of research in looking for the right one that was still affordable . i really like that this one has washable filters . lots of $ $ $ savings there . since getting this , my son has had fewer runny noses and no severe allergy symptons . we 've even been able to drop two of his three allergy meds - - not sure yet though if this is due to the seasons , or perhaps we were possibly over-medicating him before , or if this thing really does work that kind of miracle . either way , fewer snotty noses makes me happy . in regard to the concerns over noise , this one is fairly quiet . i keep it on low pretty much all the time and it is hardly noticeable . my son has no problem sleeping with it running in the same room . the oscillating feature is nice and it has a small nightlight on it that comes in handy . i would definitely recommend the honeywell hfd 120 .
i bought this heater three years ago based on the good reviews and cheap price . i expected it to get me through that winter only . i have used this thing just about daily for the past three years , heat in fall/winter and fan in summer . it still works quite well and seems ready for the upcoming winter . the only problem i am beginning to notice now is that the on/off/heat control wheel is starting to become loose . otherwise it does a great job for the intended task and has already lasted longer than anticipated . the thermostat on it is finicky and takes a little playing around with it to do basically what you want but the heat does cycle on/off more or less appropriately . i 'd give 5 stars if the thermostat was perfect but it is what it is and that is good enough . i just bought two more , my old one will go to the garage for duty there until it eventually fails . a good , solid product for a very good price
best 20 $ i 've ever spent . it does have some flaws as stated previously in other reviews , the knobs are hard to read but i 've found that i use it so much that i really do n't need to be able to see it anymore . the thermometer seems stable , i never have a problem with it getting too hot in the winter , and it manages to heat my efficiency apartment very well . the cord is 'regular ' length so it 's not tiny and i do n't need an extension cord . over all on a students budget i 've definitely found a winner
i 've had another press for many years , but i could n't get to it and had cravings for some spritz cookies . so.. . i went out and bought this cookie press and to my amazement was very impressed with all the additional accessories it came with . the press worked beautifully ( i 've only used the small barrel so far . ) i was concerned that it was battery operated , my last one was a plug in model . but it is nice not to be limited to working near a plug . we had no problems with the unit , it worked quite nicely . i 'm looking forward to trying out some of the accessory attachments in the future . i would definitely recommend this press to anyone looking to buy a cookie press
works great ! makes small amounts of delicious coffee ! very handy
we have had this dinnerware for several years . it really is beautiful . however , it chips quite easily ( or maybe we are just a bit rough with 4 kids ! ) and so i find i have to buy some new ones each year so i have enough unchipped plates when company comes
this product works wonders ! i am big into making my own flavors , and making healthier than store bought versions . this machine is great for that ! it is n't loud at all , definately a big upgrade from the salt and ice mixer i used to have that could wake up the dead . the fact that you just pop your ingredients in the canister and stick it in is amazing , no messy clean up whatsoever , or need for trips to the store for ice/salt . the only slight disadvantage is that if you want to add toppings that spread throughout , you need to add it after its almost at icecream consistency and for that you have to pop off the top ( theres no slide window to add through while its mixing ) . but even doing that extra step is simple after 30 min 's of churning . soft ice cream definately never takes longer than 45 , usually 37-40 , and hard is about 45-48 min . buy it and enjoy ! !
this cloth cover is great and made from a very good material , but it does n't quite fit the 6 quart kitchenaid mixer it is a few inches short
great little item and we use it every week . wonderful with non-stick surfaces . i want another one
got damaged in shipping ...but amazon happily replaced with a new one..great cs amazon.thanks  had to send back the broken one back to amazon
ordered on june 4 and received on june 12 ( one day earlier than anticipated ) . was thrilled with the quality and even more with the fact that it comes fully assembled except for the adjustable shelves which are a snap to put in . nice looking cabinet and i may order another one at a later date . could n't be happier with the product and with the servic
i have used other egg cookers before , i like this one , but i am having to guess on the amount of water to get thew right soft boiled eggs . mine keep coming out almost hard boiled even though i use the soft boiled marks .
we have had this knife for about 5 months now , and we use it daily ; anything from peeling and dicing fruit , to slivering a potato . it has a nice solid feel to it , and it has a remarkably sharp blade , which has held an edge very well . the curved blade makes it a bit of a challenge to hone
this knife has a great balance in your hand , good quality stainless steel , easy to sharpen and clean , as well as a comfy grip handle
excellent product for the value . i was hesitant to purchase china via internet or mail , but the china arrived in perfect condition , and is beautiful and timeless . thank you .
darling tea pot . beautiful colors ! serves several people . just lovely
the table comes unassembled , but assembly is easy . you will need a large phillips and medium sized phillips screwdrivers . also the supports on the side for the top will need to be driven on using a hammer , or large chunk of scrap wood . the fit on mine was too tight to be simply slid on . construction is the cam type that is popular now . all pieces are adequately labled , and small hardware comes nicely packaged ; the most convenient i have ever seen . there is an error in the assembly documentation . there are two pieces ( 1b and 1c , the table sides ) which are as far as i can tell are identical . after hardware is installed as indicated on pabe 6 of 13 there is a difference . the two sides are mirror images . on the following page part 1c is shown but labled 1b . this error did not cause me a problem during assembly . the intent was clear to me . the looks are good . it looks a little clunky to achieve an excellent rating from me . a little milling would help a lot on the drawer face
we 've gotten into homemade custard-based ice cream and that means careful stirring to make sure nothing sticks to the bottom of the pot . the design of the working end of the whisk allows the head to reach every bit of the pot but without my having to twist my stirring arm into a knot . since the head is hinged , it lies flat in a drawer which is a good thing , too
this kettle is very stylish with modern detailing . the removable whistle and stay-cool handle are added pluses . its smooth lines make it very easy to clean , and its contemporary shape makes it especially attractive
i love this tea kettle . it not only looks great but is of heavy duty construction unlike those $ 10 aluminum throw-aways . since i am only an occasional tea drinker , i tend to leave water in the kettle and move it to hot burners when cooling ( i have cast iron elements/electric oven so burners stay hot for awhile after use ) . other tea kettles create rusty water , since water remains in the kettle . not this one ! it boils water rapidly and is great looking on the stove . my handle does not get hot and , like i said , i have cast iron elements which really heat up and remain hot . i do agree that you can not take the whistle off without an oven mit . that 's the only flaw ; they should have made the whistle heat resistant like the handle
i add lots of cheese to my pizzas and it tends to get all over the pan . with other pans , the cheese sticks and i have to pry the pizza off with a spatula . but not this one ! ! it just slides right off with one shake . my party pizzas come out crisp and heated evenly . also , i have cut my pizzas on this pan and there was barely a scratch on it . very heavyweight with no warping . what a buy !
the heater is great . if it had a timer it would be even greater . however , it serves the intended purpose well . the " cool to the touch " feature is perfect since i have a toddler . i never leave it unattended but it 's nice to know that if the baby somehow gets close to it there wo n't be a diaster
they were a little stiff when first opened , but that is to be expected . after just two washings with fabric softener and a couple extra dryer sheets , i fell in love with them . i am now so protective of my sheets , not allowing my husband or children anywhere near them with dirty hands or food ! i am going to get an extra set just in case something happens to this set . i would highly recommend buying these and i am very picky
there is no guess work with a name brand like pyrex , you know your gon na get quality
heavy-duty without being too heavy for a fairly weak cook to shift about . easy to clean , both inside and out . one expects easy cleaning of non-stick interior , but the stainless steel outside comes clean with nothing more than hot , soapy water . the thick aluminum exterior bottom spreads heat evenly . i am impressed by the non-stick coating that seems impervious to ordinary wear , but will reserve judgment on that point for the one-year anniversary of my purchase
i 've had this yogurt maker for about six months now and have been very pleased with the results . i heat up the milk in my microwave ( recording the times in my owner 's manual so i always know just what to do ) and my total hands-on time is only about five minutes from start to finish . to those who are disappointed that your yogurt may not be as thick as commercial yogurt , please remember that most brands add gelatin as a thickener , so naturally your yogurt would n't be that thick
its amazing how much dirt this little baby sucked off our couch and upholstry . the ability to make the suction head vertical is quite helpful . the vaccum cleaner is a bit on the heavy side though - if it had been a little lighter , i would have given it 5 stars
i love this pan and size . i was n't going to buy this pan at first , cause it was the " simply " , but i 'm not sorry at all.. . i have alot of calphalon commercial ( at least 20 ) , and yes it 's thicker , but i think this cooks very well . being that this is abit lighter , i find when its filled up , its heavy enough for me , and easyier to handle . the price is also alot less then the calphalon commercial . since you most likely would not use this pan everyday , i would think you would not need a lifetime warentee like the commercial gives you , if you use it the right way . i have sauted hamburger meat,onions , peppers ect . emptyed the fat off , added sauses , and continued cooking everything together , then puting this into the oven to finish it off. . never a problem . i have used this for making large egg omelets , the cheese has never stuck . use it for fryed potatoes with low fat cheese , and i do n't need to use alot of oil , the nonstick works fine . i have used this for sauteing pasta with sauses. . this is a large size , so you can put alot into this and have left overs . you can make pancakes , frenched toast , i would think anything you want. . i guess what i 'm saying is , you can use this size for anything . i do have the calphalon commercial double gridle , but if you do n't have room for all the peices that i have , this can cover alot . i have found this to cook even , and you do n't need to turn your stove on high . this lid seems to fit fine , and its a bit domed . i do n't have a problem with it . the sides are stright up , and seems high enough . lots of flat space in the bottom . mine is also made in ohio , not japan , but you never know with some peices of calphalon lately ! ! this washes very easy . never put any calphalon into the dishwasher , altho this lid you could put into the dishwasher ( i do n't tho )  i would buy this again...i only paid $ 42.00 for this , so i did buy two of them , one for a gift . i do n't understand amazon 's priceing , as sometimes the calphalon commercial can be less money ! ! so i would say , take the time and check out your other options , as the calphalon commercial has more layers of nonstick and is a higher quality , but do n't let that scare you off from buying this one
cuisinart dco-24 die cast is the best can opener . i 've owned mine for a year , and love it ! if i could give it 10 stars i would .
i was expecting some of the dinnerware to be broken in transit and was shocked when i opened it up . everything was intact , nothing broken to include the 4 drinking glasses . this dinnerware is excellent ! the pattern is simple and is extremely easy to clean . i think everyone should have this set in their kitchen . :
i figured " what the heck " on this comforter . similar products at major brick & mortar retailers cost upwards of $ 100 . my wife and i have been using it for several months now and are both extremely happy with the quality . it is soft enough to sleep under without a flat sheet or to drape over ourselves while watching a movie on the couch . excellent purchase
i had tried a different ice cream maker that you had to freeze the bowl and returned it . it was too annoying to keep freezing the bowl and it took up too much space in my freezer . i love the cuisinaret ice-50bc it makes great ice cream . the only negative is the noise and that 's why i gave it 4 stars instead of 5 . it is extremely noisy so i pretty much have to leave the room when it 's on . i do recommend the ben and jerry 's ice cream book but wish they would revise it or do another one . see my review on it
after my pregnancy , i was diagnosed with severe cat and dust allergies . i had two cats at the time . and dust ? well , alot of that . i can not believe how well this vacuum works . i no longer have hives and have n't had any allergic reactions since purchasing this . worth every penny
i have always missed my old toastter of yesteryear....this is as close as it gets --with some good updates = = i lever that pushes up the toast so you do n't have to dig in---fantastic toast... .
if you want the retro look and a super toaster.....this is the one for you . toasts perfectly and looks great ! i 've had it about 4 months with no problems whatsoever
this is by far the nicest omelet pan ever . super easy cleanup too ! i love the way it stands up to high heat and still comes clean
what i like : quantity of beans you can grind before dumping the container , ease of operation  what i do n't like : sort of messy , but this just comes with the whole process of grinding , regardless of brand , hole that ground beans comes out needs cleaning every time  overall this grinder has been a good buy and i have enjoyed it so much more than my old blade grinder .
i have a set of 16-year-old farberware . i ordered this 3 qt . pan as a replacement--the handle on my old 3 qt . cracked from where the screw hole is . after i received this beautiful pan , i noticed the limited lifetime guarantee , called the number , and a new handle for my old pan is in the mail to me as we speak . this 3 qt . pan is even nicer than the pans i bought almost 20 years ago and is higher than the old model with a nicer lid/rolled edges and nicer bottom--and it really is beautiful--very classic styling . since i use them so often and new one 's so lovely , i will definitely keep the new one even though a replacement handle is on its way . i also have a 1 qt. , 2 qt. , 4 qt . pot , 4 qt . dutch oven , 10 " skillet and little mini-skillet , all of which i use all the time ( i use at least one or more daily ) with no problems . very nice , basic cookware at a reasonable , affordable price . i bought my cookware individually back when i could n't afford to buy an entire set . i loved the fact that you could buy a quality pan individually . btw , i acquired one of my 4 qt . pots from my grandmother 's possessions after who knows how many decades of cooking and it 's still in excellent condition . also have her double boiler pot . even though the screws do loosen , i only have to tighten every few months at most and have never had a screw strip or lost a handle . i would always buy another farberware if needed ( after seeing this new saucepan , would really like to buy a whole set of it , even though i do n't really need it !
we are very happy with the knives we 've purchased . they are really sharp and do well in the dishwasher
i have been extremely happy with this set of knives , and for only $ 40 i believe them to be an excellent value . the blades are sharp and well constructed , and the handles are comfortable and seem durable . the set only comes with two long knives , so you may find yourself washing them while cooking , but we like to use the steak knives for chopping smaller vegetables or trimming meat and have thus rarely found that we are short on knives while cooking . if you 're looking to do professional work , these knives probably wo n't fit your needs , but for an average cook , we use them a lot and have n't found anything they ca n't handle . plus , you are getting the set for about $ 3 per knife , and these knives would run at least $ 10 to $ 15 each if purchased individually or at a local retailer .
rack stores easily , sets up quickly and provides drying space for double batch of noodles , spag , etc
this is the second microplane grater that i have purchased ( actually i purchased the extra coarse version ) , but the only 1 of the 2 that i would give a 5 * rating to . the other grater was from the standard line not the professional line . with many kitchen items there are no significant differences between the two , but in this case it definitely matters ! all microplane graters use the same basic technology for cutting -- technology which was originally developed for the woodworking industry but that has adapted for exceptional service in the kitchen as well . the razor sharp laser cut grating head will make quick & easy work of cheese grating or citrus zesting ( if you have the proper size ) . i would suggest when choosing a size of grater that you choose 1 size larger as the sizing tends to run on the small size . now , what makes the professional so much better ? well , the standard line has 3 major/minor flaws : 1 ) the easy-grip rubber handle tends to capture water when washed , 2 ) the plastic molded frame holding the grating surface cracks when washed in the dishwasher , & 3 ) the head is so incredibly sharp that it must be kept covered , yet there is no easy way to due this except for the original tagboard cover . the professional version fixes all of these issues . as you can see , the frame and handle are all stainless steel which eliminates issues # 1 & # 2 and the professional version comes with a nice snap-on plastic cover to protect the sharp head surface . in addition , the rubberized rest on the top of this version can come in very handy . end result : highly recommended
i make homemade stocks a lot , so having a good separater that can handle a large quantity is really useful . this one works well , and thanks to its design , it cleans up easily in the dishwasher . i have another one with a very thin spout and i have to wash it by hand if i let it sit at all after using it because the dishwasher jets ca n't seem to get into its narrow opening ; it 's a real pain . i do not have that problem with this design . to answer another reviewers ' question on plasic vs. glass separaters -- i had a glass one and it broke despite being touted as heat resistant glass . when i poured hot gravy into it last thanksgiving , the glass went flying everywhere as it broke right in my hand ! admittedly , that was an older one and perhaps the newer glass versions are more rugged when it comes to heat . but i just do n't have that worry using a plastic one . i 'm not an industrial designer , but given the way that plastic is made at exceptionally high heat , i am not aware of any health implications regarding pouring warm liquids into plastic
my sister , my best friend and i bought these chairs for a 5 day outdoors concert series . these chairs were amazing . they managed to last through rain , mud , 80 per hour winds , and even a tornado ! ( they still look great ) these chairs were so comfortable and so easy to adjust because of the beans , i would recommend them to everyone..and at their price , it 's a huge deal !
this iron is a technological marvel . i have just had it for a few days and i have ironed some very difficult , over 100 year , heirloom open-embroidered linen . it was a breeze and the results were truly professional . the controlls are easy to use , the steam settings excellent . it just glides over those diffucult spots . it may be a little pricey , but it is worth every penny . this is an ideal tool for anyone who sews on home fabrics . the upright steam feature is a plus . i was concerned about the weight , but the iron glides so effortlesly that you do not notice the weight .
this product is extremely quiet . my cat loves it and its great because it encourages her to drink more
very pleased to get this item - i need it for my " king-size " watrbed mattress , which has california king dimensions . unable to find this size locally . this one fitted really well , had enough depth to stretch around the waterbed mattress . quality seems good
i was a little dubious about this item . some of the reviews indicated that it did not really have deep pockets . well , i can tell you that it does . my mattress is a pillow-top measuring in at 16 inches and this mattress pad accomodates it perfectly . so , do not believe the nay-sayers ; for the price this is a bargain which should not be passed up
this is in my opinion the best waffle iron you can purchase for home use . there might be a better $ 600 waffle iron out there , but this is far and away and excellent product . although i do feel that it 's a little flimsy to be called a " professional " product , and seeing as how i 've worked in the food industry my whole life , i feel validated in saying that . however , i have used it for a while now , and i have thoroughly enjoyed it . from soft to crisp waffles in a short amount of time , any easy to use and clean . my ony complaint is that it 's rather large for the size of my kitchen . excellent waffles ! thick and golden , like in the user submitted photos . i 've never had waffles so good , not even in a restaurant . the true belgian waffle recipes do take a bit of patience and know-how , but they 're worth the effort . i read some complaints about the timing mechanism , but i find it to be spot on for the most part . its worth the money
ok...the only thing domestic about me is that i live in a house . cooking is a necessary evil . this waffle maker is the best ! we love staying at hotels w/breakfast bars just so we can use the waffle makers ! two things i have noticed about this appliance...i have 3 kids and a husband that all love the waffles , so when we use it i am making a lot of waffles . if it starts to appear the waffles are getting more crisp , dial down the heat setting one less than what you are currently set on . we start out with a " 4 " setting . i am in the habit of spritzing the grids every time we bake a waffle . if you miss between , the waffles do n't stick , but it is apparent they do n't slip right out as easy . i have found that a butter flavored cooking spray gives the waffle more of a " restaurant " taste . we use the box batters...there is no way in hell i would take the time to make the book mix...lol . i 've used more expensive mixes to store brand mixes ( $ 1.99/box ) and they all bake up great . my mom has the same unit and she pretty much echos everything i have said . they will make extras and freeze them . we never have extras at our house--lol ! i have decided to keep my waffler out on the counter , it looks very sleek next to my beautiful staninless kitchenaid mixer , stainless rice cooker and stainless coffee maker . and , i admit it , i throw all the mix into the mixer and let the mixer do the job for me . clean up is a snap and we have enjoyed having this appliance . be sure to hand wash the batter cup if you do n't want the writing to come off . i have scratched mine with an ice pick to show the proper level . also , i have a small spatula on hand i use to spread the thicker mixes around ( quickly ) if need be . i also hand wash the tray and just let air dry and wipe up the unit after each use . i just ca n't justify taking the entire family out to breakfast for $ 30-40 when we can make all the goodies at home . we are also planning a suprise waffle bake for my son 's teacher at school for his birthday with my waffler . i will just pre-mix a ton of batter . we have a family friend who we owe a belated wedding gift to and this is what we are going to get them . i know they will enjoy it too . happy cooking
i love the design , and it makes great cake . everything is evenly browned . thanks nordicware
the black plastic looks a little odd . it 's not glossy like the picture . it does n't look really clean even after you clean it is the only way i can discribe it . i bought 2 of these for the office to replace our old ones because we burnt a pop tart and the rest of the building was less that thrilled that the fire department had to respond . this one is suppose to shut down if something gets stuck in it . good idea . but , the instructions still say not to cook pop tarts unattended anyway . now they tell us . there is a toaster with a pop tart logo , the toastmaster 2035 . if you want a laugh , read the review for that one . bottom line , for the money , this toaster works great . i like the lift feature a lot . but , i 'd buy the white next time
yes , it 's rather uncomely - it 's outer casing is obviously plastic and , ours at least , does n't have that same sheen as the example . it does look cheap . that being said , it 's a very functional toaster . we 've had no problems in six + months with variability - we know what we 're going to get when we drop the lever . the plastic exterior does stay cool . so cool , in fact , that i promise you , you will forget normal toaster safety and burn yourself on the small exposed metal at the top . yep , this is a great toatser for someone who wants a functioning toaster and does n't mind that it 's an ugly duckling . an excellent value for the money
if you have a large dishwasher these are wonderful dishes , they are not only beautiful , but sturdy , and i was so impressed to see that they had a one year break and chip warrenty with them . anyway they are wonderful and we love them .
this is a great food slicer for the home kitchen , ( dont compare apples with oranges , this isnt a commercial slicer , but it wasnt advertised as one either ) it works great for anything from bacon to tomatos . it has a powerfull motor and a very sharp blade with infinite thinkness adjustments up to a 1/2&quot ; , easy to clean and very well built . if you want a good slicer for home use you 'll be happy with a waring food slicer
i totally love these pans... next go round i would definately order more of the same, , as i am hard on frying pans , and love these immensel
i had bought the larger set in blue and ordered these pans in blue as well . thinking that they would match the pieces i already owned , i was quite disappointed when i received black instead of the blue i ordered . i returned them and amazon replaced them with another set of black pans . i decided to keep them but am quite upset , with my only alternative being to return them for credit . keep in mind that these are not the heavy stainless steel , but the lighter weight aluminum . you will not be able to mistreat these pans by turning the flame up on full . to do so will cause the pans to warp . the advantage to these pans is that they are lightweight and easy to handle . i definitely recommend them . as with all teflon coated pans , be sure to use the plastic utensils and never use any metal spoons or turners or you will ruin the teflon surface . with a little care these will last for years ! tip : if you 're having trouble with the bottom of your pots and pans getting a scorched or burnt look , it 's from grease . when you wash your pans , make sure all the grease is cleaned off of the outside bottom of the pans
i bought one of these muffin pans because i was excited at the prospect of owning a piece of bakeware whose lining was n't destroyed by the 3rd time i wanted to use it . for that alone , i would give this item 5 stars . i am not an experienced baker , but i think that after reading the other review for this item that more balanced comments need to be stated regarding the actual use of this muffin pan . so here are my comments :  1 . you need to use a cookie sheet ( or something similar ) to support the pan since it is flexible . 2 . the muffins cook faster than with a metal pan . 3 . the muffins seem small if you fill the cups as you would with a metal muffin pan - you can actually fill them up all the way . ( recall that i am not an experienced baker ; as an engineer i suspect that since the muffins cook differently , i.e . faster , this could be compensated by adjusting the batter in some manner . as far i 'm concerned as long as the muffins taste good , it does n't matter to me . )  4 . the coating is not exactly non-stick . you do not need to grease the pan , but you do need to be careful when it comes time to remove the muffins . i use the dull side of table knife to separate the muffin sides from the pan ( while gently pulling the pan ) . after doing that i put a plate on top of the muffin pan and hold it against the pan as i invert the pan . all i have to do then is tap the bottoms of the muffin cups to get them out . by my third time doing this i was able to get them all out intact and unscathed . i am very happy with my muffin pan - it might take a little bit of getting used to for someone used to other pans - but for me , the benefit of not having a cheap non-stick coating peeling off of the metal after a year more than compensates for a slight learning curve on the use
i purchased this item in aug . i cleaned the entire house and it worked wonderful . it was easy to put together and very easy to clean up when finished . i give this item a 5 star .
not much you would need a food processor for after you buy this ( ok , it ca n't blend ingredients
i bought the omega 8002 juicer on the recommendation of dr. joseph mercola , a holistic health md who has a popular newsletter and website . we met him at a health fair , tried vegetable juices ( including wheatgrass juice ) and realized that juicing was a great way to incorporate more vegetables into our diet . i mean , how much broccoli and salad can one person pound down in a day ? not so much . the omega 8002 is a single gear machine that turns at a low 80 rpms , a powerful , slow auger that does n't heat up the food or cause the juice to foam . this protects the nutritional content of the juice from degradation . in addition , it is " multifunctional " --the juicer can also be employed to make baby food , meat pate , nut butter , or fine ground coffee . the machine is durable , said to be quiet , and has a 10-year guarantee . sounds good , so we plunked down the cash and got the omega juicer and set to work . so , how is it to use the omega ? well , it 's easy to put together , though there are quite a few parts and choices to make . essentially , the steps are :  1 . install the screw drive--the big green plastic spiral , into the plastic housing . 2 . pop a juicing cone ( a type of sieve ) over the screw so it sits into the housing around the screw . this takes a bit of jockeying , but it drops in just fine . 3 . screw on the end cap and nozzle . 4 . mount this housing onto the front of the juicer motor . 5 . add the food platform on top of the feed tube on the housing . 6 . put the two receiving pitchers underneath the housing ; one for the pulp , one for the juice . now it 's ready to start juicing . 1 . cut up your vegetables into strips or pieces that will fit the 1.5 inch diameter of the feed tube . this means if you juice carrots , those tasty large ones need to be halved or quartered lengthwise . 2 . turn on the motor : it has a forward direction to drive the food out , and a reverse setting on the toggle switch to move the food back in case of a clog . i 've never needed to do this . 3 . push down the vegetables or other foods with the plunger which is included with the juicer . the food feeds along the screw , is broken up , and the juice is forced through the sieve ( cone . ) out the nozzle comes the pulp . the juice flows out underneath , nearer to the motor . 4 . when you are finished , turn off the motor , which is quite quiet--nothing like a blender or vacuum cleaner . more like the sound of a pasta maker or food processor , for comparison . dismantle the machine and wash the parts . a big bottle brush is included for this , very helpful . 5 . cleanup takes about 2-3 minutes and is mainly rinsing . the worse job is the sieve of the cone and even that does n't take but a moment to swab off some pulp that clings to it . i do this asap , as i sip my juice , because letting pulp dry on the machine makes it hard to clean . i then reassemble it right then and there , and it 's ready to go again . the omega juices kale , which is a rather tough leafy dark green form of cabbage . we now can do wheatgrass , once we grow some or find a source of flats of it . just for grins , i tried the blank cone and did some meat grinding . it makes a fine grind--not something you 'd use for hamburger . it would work for soft , somewhat grainy baby food or pate . i did not try making pasta . how does it compare to spinning cup type models , like the braun which we previously used for juicing ? 1 . the spinning cup model ( braun ) is loud , really loud . this is because the cup spins at a high speed and whines as a result . this is typical for the cup-type juicer . sounds like a blender . 2 . the cup model can not juice wheatgrass--the tender stalks of growing wheat or barley that have a lot of antioxidants . it also ca n't do tough leafy vegetables such as kale . 3 . the cup model definitely does not extract as much juice from the vegetables and fruits as compared to the omega . the pulp in the cup model is a wet slurry . the pulp from the omega , by contrast , is like slightly moistened sawdust--definitely drier . in summary , the omega juicer , while pricier than the typical spinning cup models , is quiet and effective . it gives you the ability to juice and grind things the spinning cup ca n't handle , like wheatgrass and if you want , meat . it extracts more juice--and at the prices for produce these days , especially if you buy organic produce , this is an important benefit . the juicer is relatively easy to clean and to assemble and use . if you are really serious about drinking vegetable juice or making fresh fruit juices and baby foods , i would say , this is a model to strongly consider over others . the performance and added functionality well repay the higher price
perhaps like you , i love silicone . you can do anything with silicone . you can fry , poach , make soups , and there is never a worry about heat . le crueset makes fine quality silicone utensils , but their wood is unfinished , so unless you keep them oiled , they will age and spilter . these you can remove the top if you like but the wooden handles are treated , and are water resistant . in addition to these being made for the long hall , their shape is unique . i like that the shape is slightly angled , this makes it easier to run along the edges of a bowl . i have been so happy with my purchase of these ! i ca n't say enough good things about them . i would recommend these over other manufactors , they are better made , and improve in others weaker areas . a must have for your kitchen
love the functionality - being able to separate for different uses esp . meat and that they flex to enable direct frop into the pan . but mine came off color ( sorta transparent ) at the corners ( and this was n't a deisgn feaure since there was no pattern in all the four sheets ) but still good value - not worth exchanging so i kept them . i guess mine look unique
i 've had 2 sets of these simple but marvelous mats so far , not only the handiest thing i 've bought for my kitchen , but friends keep talking me into giving them one . i only need one or two but one is always on my countertop for various uses the past few years . i 'm a senior lady and disabled , and my time standing in the kitchen is limited so i hate cleaning up messes , picking up dropped stuff on the floor , sterilizing unweildy wood or plastic cutting boards . mainly love the ease of chopping or slicing vegies on it , folding it over like a funnel and dumping right into a salad bowl or a pan with no spills , or vegies onto another ca n't do without item , faithful george foreman grill , beside my meat entree . top down , vegies and meat dinner in 4 minutes . so simple to just put under the faucet and run hot water over it , or wipe with a little bleach on a sponge . very few knife marks on mine , but i do n't like super sharp knives , and if i seldom have to cut meat i use a scissors and wax paper on the mat to then wrap and freeze pieces . i buy boneless skinless chicken or pork or sirloin chops . the grill gets a once over with a damp paper towel . so simple and time saver , not like cuts on a wooden board which is most unsanitary . beyond a slicing surface , great for placing cannisters on to fill with coffee or sugar , salt shakers , or stuff i seem to always have to spill some , shakey hands at 70 . just roll it up , shake in the trash or sink disposal , rinse if necessary and reuse , keeps counter clean and free of stains . i put hot or cold things on it to protect the formica , made a few stains with coffee but cleans with bleach ok , not ruining my counter top . they wear well but at the price , and the work they save they can be tossed for another new one . best features are flexible enough to roll and empty , easy cleanup forget the broom , and no storage problem in my cramped space - stack them on the counter and peel top one off for next job . besides these mats and the elec non stick grill , my micro rice steamer is the third cdw to make food preparation easier than ever in my life . if i spill dry rice filling it , roll and dump in the cooker . i am not kitchen friendly , want to spend as little time on my feet as possible , hate to cook , hate cleaning up , dinner in 6 minutes and i 'm done . so glad to see these are on the web , had a hard time finding more in stores when i want to gift someone . if you want the job done clean and fast , tired of bending picking up rollaway strays off the floor ( or always between stove and counter narrow space ) buy these for a staple in a kitchen , especially for seniors - i 've no dishwasher nor disposal i might add . why in the world would one need a cutting board heat resistant ? not for oven or stovetop use . for glue guns and crafts which i also do , put a piece of wax paper over your extra mat if you want to protect a table top , i use one on my desk and serves as a coaster too . i did n't even know about the silicone part , who cares . just ca n't rave enough over these . saves work , saves time
looks good works even better nice storage case for attachment
i 've had this processor for about three months . on the first day , i decided to make bread , and the dough blade suddenly stuck to the machine . when i called customer service to help me figure out what i did wrong , they told me that occasionally , this processor 's dough blade fuses to the machine . i could n't even get the containers removed to pack up because everything was stuck together . fortunately , the customer service rep was really nice and sent out a new one immediately . i received my second new processor , and tried to make cookies . this time , everything worked fine , and the machine is quiet . i can even talk on the phone when using this food processor . i 'm just glad that they exchanged the first one so quickly
nay more than just a jar catcher , use it to scramble egges . with cheese etc.............. .
the solid contruction and well machined lids make these a joy to use . we did n't want high maint . type of cookware just a high quality , easy to use and maintain product that looks good on the pot racks but cooks well every day . boy we are impressed ! these cook with even heat and the only negative found was that the lids fit so well you have remember to take them off befor the dish cools or a vacume can form inside requiring reheat to remove the lid . they are easy to clean and a dream to handle
this monstrous beast is the largest piece of cookware that we own . once i manage to wrangle it out from the cupboard and heft it onto the stove , it 's many uses range from cooking chickens , small turkeys , and roasts to making potato leek soup . the beautiful thing is that it really retains heat and cooks items thoroughly and evenly . the downside is that it can take a while to heat up , especially since it should heat up on a med-low setting so as not to burn items and/or damage the porcelain . learned this the hard way by turning up my soup to med-hi in order to get it boiling more quickly ( doh ! ) . now that we know how to properly use this type of cookware , we are enjoying it much more ! another clever use of this piece is to incorporate it into your weight lifting routine ( did i mention this thing is very very heavy ? ) . now that we have tried the largest , we have begun collecting some of the smaller pots and really enjoying them
so cliche...but i am forced to learn this lesson over & over . i thought to myself $ 100 for a rice cooker , and bought a $ 20 one in chinatown . it gave me nothing but trouble...soggy rice , sometimes burned at the bottom , et cetera.. .  with a friend 's suggestion , i made the switch...i decided to invest in this zojirushi rice cooker and it has been coming out right everytime . you wo n't be disappointed
this is the best hot air corn popper i 've ever had . i can count on one hand the unpopped kernels in a batch . highly recommended
i have never had a popcorn maker before and i love it ! i did n't think that it would be any different but its great ! it so much healthier since there is no oil used . it is fast and not messy at all . its cheaper in the long run to becasue a small amount goes a long way . you can buy a large jar of popcorn for about $ 5 and its makes alot ! the only reason i gave it a 4 is becasue i vought this particular one due to the butter melter . even when i use soft butter it does not melt all they way . i just melt it in the microwave while its popping . not a big deal though , i 'd buy this maker again
it works great , it 's healthier than microwave popcorn , and in the long run it 's cheaper too . pour in half a cup of kernels , plug it in , and within a couple minutes you 've got a bowl full of fresh popcorn with only a few unpopped kernels and virtually no cleanup . it 's not much louder than most microwave ovens and it 's far less likely to burn the popcorn . only one minor complaint : butter does n't really melt completely in the cup on top ( make sure you have melted butter ready to go if you want it ) . an on/off switch might 've been nice but that 's not a big deal unless you want to keep it on your countertop permanently . oh and this product is identical to the presto poplite ( asin : b00006iuwa ) just with a different label ( it even says so in the description above ) , but you get a coupon for 50 cents off orville 's with this one
there are all kinds of similar products that claim to be heat resistant to this or that temp . all i can say is these spatulas are the real deal when it comes to heat resistance and at a great price . i only wish there were a 3rd somewhat smaller blade . however , you ca n't go wrong with these first two sizes .
i was originally looking for silk sheets but not the silk sheet price tag . i 'm so glad i bought these sheets instead . they are comfy , warm and very smooth to the touch . they fit my 14 " mattress with ease . i 've had them about 2 months now and there are only a few drawbacks that i 've noticed... they take _forever_ to dry in my dryer and they might need ironing once dry'ish . overall , not worth 600 but if you can catch them on sale you 'll be very pleased with the results
my husband has allergies to cat dander , and we have 4 indoor cats . we finally broke down and paid $ 500 + for this vacuum and replaced our old bag vacuum . i must say , this thing is amazing ! i can not say enough good things about this vacuum . the first time we used it in our living room , we emptied the canister 3 times ! and i had just vacuumed with my old vacuum the day before. . it is amazing what this machine picks up that other vacuums leave behind . i could find no flaws with this product , other than it would be nice if it were cheaper . :
although i love the patterns and heft of my 2 collections of stoneware , i got very tired of having them chipped and broken by the less " careful " members of my family . although i 've had two sets of corelle before , and never had any problems with it , i never saw patterns that i could live with for very long . i 've gone back to corelle , and i think this is it for me . true , the plates are very light , but they are so damage resistant--and i can use this pattern for any season
you could almost use these incredibly practical and beautiful dishes in place of fine china . however , if you look too closely at the ivy print , you 'll notice that the " ink dots " are rather large... more like a coarse newspaper photo print than the printed pictures in most magazines . if only they had printed these with higher quality. .
i 've had this knife for years , use it for everything and could n't be happier . i thought it would dull easily or wear down , after all it 's only $ 10 , but i was wrong . simply fantastic for cutting bread , but also useful for vegetables and other tasks . the only thing it does n't cut well is meat
i love this breadmaker ! it is so easy to use and makes delicious loaves of bread . it does n't take up a lot of space in the kitchen and all of my roommates love using it too . super awesome
i purchased this for my mom . her main criteria being a large size kettle . she reports that she " loves it " and that it heats up very quickly
these cup are enormous ! ( not to mention beautiful , in that fun and elegant way that only fiestaware can be . ) i was looking for a very large , oversized mug because i drink a lot of coffee and tea and am sick of having to refill constantly . i definately got my wish . i have eaten soup and cereal out of these , i even used them to serve coffee ice cream recently . very cute ! i plan on getting them in all of the six colors i have in fiestaware . let me tell you again , this cup is huge
i received a blue set for christmas and i love them . the stay cool handles really stay cool , even if you are cooking something for a long time . they are beautiful and iloev the way they feel . my caphalon pans are now collecting dust in the back of the cupboard becuase i like these so much more
the farberware millennium soft touch stainless-steel 12-inch nonstick skillet is great for almost any cooking .
i am so in love with my new machine . many thanks to all the reviewers who made my long search for the perfect espresso machine become a reality . i received my machine really quickly and that 's saying something for someone who loves immediate gratification . speaking of gratification , i could not be happier with my choice of an automatic espresso machine . all the reviews are true . it 's perfect , once you read the instructions or perhaps do as i did , get a walk-thru from the wonderful folks at delonghi customer support , you will be up and running in no time . you can see that the machine is solidly constructed and with proper care ( read the instructions ) will last a very long time . the espressos i 've made so far are supreme , even my 14 year old loved a weak one i made for him ; and it 's so easy after set-up to use . it could not be any simpler . who would not love this machine ? there was one website that was charging $ 1200 for the same machine . i could not believe my eyes . the only review that troubled me was the one who said the frother was somehow not adequate due to it not swinging far enough away from the machine . i really could not see what he was talking about . it has plenty of room for any size cup but you have to remember if you are into the foam ( it makes very creamy foam ) it will increase the volume 2-3 times so you need a large enough container to froth the milk . but there was no awkwardness or problem at all with using the frother . they had me worried when i read that but the frother does its thing with total ease . even a caveman could do it . you stick it in the milk and turn the switch and , voila ! , it 's frothed and container size is only an issue if you are trying to froth in something too small and ca n't accomodate the foam it creates . all in all , this is a top notch buy and a guilty pleasure for sure and nothing could be more gratifying then having merchandise that lives up to its promise . this machine delivers , i love it and so will you
great item ! i have looked for something like this to use in non-stick cookware so as not to scratch . it is finally here ! ! i have used it several times . it is a great product . i even bought one for my sister too ! i love it and i am sure you will too
this tabletop fan is a telling reason why vornado has been around for a long time . great air output , high quality , well-built , very quiet on low speed , adjustable so you can tilt it at any angle you want , and just small enough to fit on your desk , table , or in our case , the bathroom counter . my wife uses this fan to cool off in the bathroom while getting ready in the morning , and it really does the job . it has a very focused air flow so she can aim it on herself without bothering me . it 's very smooth running , so there 's no danger of it vibrating off the counter . it costs a bit more than the typical portable fan , but then there 's nothing more frustrating than having a fan that wo n't cool you off . no worries with this one ! the extra money is well spent here . this fan lives up to the saying , " you get what you pay for "
we originally bought the product for our toddler 's room and then ended up buying a second vornado for our master bedroom . this is an excellent buy for several reasons . first , it is sleek and stylish , especially given its neutral color . second , it provides a great wind speed given its small size . third , it provides a constant soothing wind sound , which is great for drowning out any annoying pheripheral noises . lastly , i have not seen the product in a retail store any cheaper than on amazon.com . we have had the product over 8 months with nightly use with no sign of defficiency in performance
reliable and functions . much less expensive than " ionic breeze " or other yuppie products one might get at the s.i . has three fan settings and is very quiet . does n't stir up dust and blow it around like a traditional fan does . only draw back is that it does not have a filter .
this is such a great deal here on amazon . i paid more than this at an outlet ! but , that said , this is a gorgeous butter dish and a beautiful addition to your holiday table . i use mine throughout the holidays and winter , it is just so very pretty and does a great job on keeping butter fresh . plus , it 's very easy to clean ( do n't you love scraping those butter pieces off ? ) by just popping it on the top shelf of a dishwasher . mine has been used for 12 years and still looks new .
this is a very comfortable bowl to use . made of sturdy plastic , it is much lighter than glass mixing bowls , which makes it convenient and easy to use . the handle is very ergonomic and comfortable to grip ( really good when pouring batter into a pan , for instance ) , and the shape of the bowl itself is perfect for wrapping an arm around for those heavy duty mixing sessions . the rubber on the bottom keeps the bowl right where you put it - no sliding . i use this bowl the most of all my mixing bowls and am looking forward to getting a bigger one just like it . oh , by the way - it 's dishwasher safe , too . i 've washed mine over and over and it still looks new
i did n't think it would be that large either but i got used to them after a while . you need a tall container to hold them in though . they are of good quality finally no melting ! great to use with my ionized cookware which makes a smooth cooking combination
i ordered this the early part of december , so had it in time for the christmas season . i am so very pleasantly surprised about the power and efficiency of this one . it is small so storage is a breeze , and the capacity of the bowl is just right for any chopping , etc . that you need to do . this is my &quot ; new favorite&quot ; appliance
this food chopper is my favorite extra appliance in the kitchen . for salsas , the low speed lets me keep the ingredients chunky . for sauces , the higher speed can easily puree most ingredients . my favorite item to use it for is onions and it saves alot of tears . the large bowl not only holds alot , but is also very easy to clean . i highly recommend this food chopper for frequent or casual dicing cook
these are extremely well-designed and will be the hit of your party ! i have used these twice at small gatherings and each person who had a martini commented about how great they were and asked where i bought them . they are easy to clean and easy to store . i highly recommend them . just be sure that your guests do not walk off with them , or even worse toss them in the trash when they are done with their drink .
i was thinking of buying parchment paper before this product caught my eyes . i took a chance after reviewing others ' good reviews on it . and it was a good buy . i used it to bake and it 's totally non-stick . it 's also very easy to clean after use . if it can be used 5000 times as it claims , i definitely will save a lot compared to buying parchment paper
i have the tangerine one and i love it -- it 's great for using in the microwave to make rice a roni and stuff like that . however , my father ordered the periwinkle one off of my wish list and it kept getting backordered -- for months . we finally cancelled the order and i got something else from my wish list
this product offers a phenomenon deal a steal for the asking price
these are thin , lightweight , flexible mats that are great for chopping things on and then picking up and folding up the edges to pour the food into a pot/pan . this thinness/flexibility has a " downside " too : i do agree with the other reviewers that these mats tend to curl up and not lay flat . however,they clean up easily , the price is right , and i am happy with my purchase .
i 've used these for months to protect tile countertops and they basically work except they start bending after a while on the edges and something light ( like an empty glass ) tends to fall over . they are heavy duty and i put hot items on them with no problems
so glad i bought this turner ! it 's very flexible and i can get under and flip my omelette/pancake beautifully . i love how i can now scrape the pan clean ( as hard as i want ) without leaving any scratches . it 's very easy to clean too .
this peeler is amazing , and really inexpensive . i am really please with how easily it takes the skin off of cucumbers , carrots , etc . this is definetly a great item
after suffering for years with blade grinders and cheaper burr grinders , i decided to take the plunge and get the capresso infinity in brushed chrome . this grinder addresses all the problems i had with the lesser machines : it 's fairly quiet , free of static , grinds evenly , and is easy to clean ( although unless you use really oily beans , you should n't need to clean it very often ) . i do n't make espresso , but i 've used it to grind coffee for moka pots , french press , and drip coffeemakers , all with great success . just a note on its construction : the difference between the chrome versions and the abs plastic version is more than just the finish or a metal skin . the chrome versions have a " zinc die-cast housing , " weigh almost twice as much as the abs plastic version , and are very stable . also , as usual , amazon has inflated the price to make it seem like they 're offering us a bargain when they 're not . the list price on the manufacturer 's website is $ 139.99 , not $ 190 . i got mine locally at sur la table
i was helped in choosing this pizza stone by the hundreds of online reviews and suggestions posted by people from all over . well , they were all right . excellent item . i bought two stones and used them simultaneously for the first two homemade pizzas of my life.. . delicious ! as others have suggested , i never remove the stone from the oven , and lately i just placed a pan containing the dough for an olive focaccia and it came out perfectly done . i am convinced that the stone works its magic also when not used to bake directly on it . i am extremely happy so far and i 'd highly recommend this item . buon appetito
i ca n't believe how fast i received my pizza stone and the way it was packaged was great . i 've use pizza stones before and loved the way they even out the heat in the oven and the cripy crust that it gives . i 'll very happy with my purchase
and i like my cupcakes with frosting still on them
these are excellent ! instead of reaching for a paper towel , i grab one of these ( choosing a size that completely covers the top of the item i am microwaving ) , and then wash it when finished . i did notice that the smooth side should be on top to prevent it from curling up when it gets hot . i really like the fact that you can see through it since i could n't see through paper towels
this is what i use when making a roux and when i need to break up ground meat while cooking . it 's nice and heavy and feels good in my hand . i have cheaper wooden products and they do n't hold up as well as this does . you can tell the difference between oxo wooden utensils and others because of the quality . i think you can put it in the dishwasher but i never do . i hand wash it and oil it whenever i oil my cutting board . i love its rich color . it 's a great product
i wanted to say that this is the best cleaner out there as far as im concerned . very easy to assemble , and use . our carpet came out looking like new , all the stains that i have been trying to get out came out with no problem at all . we bought a model home for custom built homes and there was alot of heavy traffic ( foot ) in the house not to mention we have pets in the house . i used the cleaner all through the house ( 2200 sq ft ) . it was amaing how this cleaner got everything thing clean . there was a large bad stain area due to a plate of hot food was dropped and all the oils from the cooking and butter was dumped on the carpet . i tried everything to remove it , nothing would get the stains out . when i used this steam cleaner on it , guess what all the stains had been removed . i really do think it has something to do with the brush action and the fact that it heats up the water , plus it also gives out equal amount of soap and water . i would also add that i have used this on our furniture and it worked just as good as it did one the carpet i have recommended this machine to all my friends , it is worth the money plus . i also have a small steam cleaner from the same company it is perfect for the rec room and pet accidents on the carpet
my wife and i have long been fans of fiestaware and we have been using many of their pieces for years . somehow it was n't until about 2 years ago that we discovered this size . at 9 " the lunch plate is perfect for many occasions - especially lunch ! ( smile )  the quality of these plates is very good and this size is very uselul . for some reason these are seldom seen as part of a standard set . we use ours all the time.. . highly recommended !
i think this cover is just perfect for the price and easy zipper closure ! the other reviewers must not have read the description closely because it does say cover ! a featherbed is a featherbed , this says featherbed cover ! easy to take off , easy to wash , and easy to put back on
i got these as part of our wedding registry here on amazon and with about 2 months of use i am very happy with this set . more so than any other set of pots/pans that i own . here are some pro 's : 1 - the non-stick is truly non-stick and so easy to use . the fact that the outside is non-stick also makes cleaning up easy . 2 - the handle really does stay cool , even near the edge on gas burners 3 - the size of all 9 pieces are very convenient 4 - easy to wash due to non-stick and dishwasher safe 5 - thermospots assists in cooking evenly 6 - oven safe  great price and value
i just got it today and ca n't wait to cook something in it . it is very good looking , larger than i expected and very deep . i will be cooking everything in it from now on
to prevent scratches and chipping and to retain fiesta 's smooth glossy surface , hand wash separately , one piece at a time , in a soft rubber dishpan and stack between paperplates ( cups between coffee filters ) . i do this with all my stoneware and pieces 30 years old still look like new . a friend gave me all her brown dripware ( gourmet ) from 1969 and the place settings are scratched , pitted and dull from stacking and years of automatic dishwashing . mine from the same era are still glossy , mostly scratch free , and certainly not pitted . also , i do n't put my original pieces in my microwave , ( only hers ) because although it may be safe to do so , this can dull a glossy finish . re fiestaware , i remember seeing relatives and neighbors fiesta cups & plates with chips and always thought them very unattractive and " cheap " - looking , perhaps because of the dull rose , gray , and avacado colors at the time . however,i find most of the colors presently available very bright and pretty and,so far , have bought heather,seamist , scarlett , tangerine , turquoise , and yellow . cobalt , cinnebar , and plum are just too dark and dreary for me . in the store , they are much darker than they look on here . in a library book on fiestaware , they show an earlier cobalt or deep blue color that is very pretty and a real plum color ( like the fruit ) would be bright/pretty , too .
this is a great set of dinnerware ! ! after 25 years , my husband and i decided to bring some color into our lives by replacing our wedding gift white corelle with festive fiestaware . how lovely to open the cabinets and see color ! ! ! we 've mixed colors and have an eight piece display of color . fiestaware is not only beautiful , but durable . and it can be put in the dishwasher , microwave , oven and freezer ! ! ! it may cost a bit more than some of the trendy stuff available , but it 's adaptability to all uses makes it a fabulous value ! ! ! if you are at all tempted by it --- buy it ! ! ! ! you will love it ! put some color in your life
i have never had any problems using this pan . the key is to use a recipe for french bread or baguettes , not just any bread recipe . i use a bread machine dough cycle to prepare the dough , because i 'm just not talented at breadmaking . the french bread recipe in the machine 's owner 's manual worked fine , and so did a french bread recipe in a bread machine cookbook . i think other doughs are too soft and get into the holes , as other reviewers have noted . they did n't prepare the right kind of bread dough . i 'm a whiz at using the bread machine dough cycle , then finishing baking rustic breads in a baguette or french bread pan . it 's no fail ! it makes me look like an expert bread baker . trust me , i 'm not...if i try making bread without the machine 's help , i end up with bricks . lol the chicago metallic baguette pan is easy to use and results in a crusty , chewy bread . lovely
i received this knife as a christmas present and so far , i am pleased . what struck me first about this knife is how wonderfully sharp it is . i also own a wusthoff santoku ( which i love , too ) and this knife was just as sharp right out of the box as the wusthoff was . it is rather comfortable in the hand and the shape of the blade allows for very smooth rocking and chopping action , which is wonderful when you are chopping vegetables . it is also wonderful for carving meats , with its long sharp blade . the blade is a little on the thin side for my tastes , however , but is certainly functional . the grip is also slightly larger than i would like , making it a bit more cumbersome to hold than my wusthoff . but these matters are not that important considering the price of this knife . if price were not an issue and i had to choose between a wusthoff and a forschner fibrox , then i would probably choose a wusthoff . but being that a wusthoff of this size would be at least $ 50 more , then price does come to play . if money is no object , then choose the wonderful german steel of a wusthoff or look into the japanese steel of a shun . but if you are like most of us and have to consider price , then i do believe you will be happy with a forschner fibrox chef 's knife .
yes , the le creuset spatulas are wonderful . they look great and are very , very useful . throw away your old rubber ones which melt and buy one of these . you will never regret it
i have a small kitchen , will always have a small kitchen , and finding a place to store my cookware was a problem . i purchased the calphalon wall rack and hubby installed it . installation was easy and the rack looks so nice againist my kitchen wall . my pots are now safely organized and my kitchen has more storage space . i wish i had enough room for a second rack. .
i 've used a pair of emperor 400 filters on a 75 gallon tank continuously for the past five years or so . so far , neither has needed attention other than filter changes and recently , new impellers . after five years , the constantly spinning impellers had worn their shafts and bushings to the point where they made a rattley noise , although they still moved water effectively . replacing the impellers was an easy repair , and restored the unit to almost total silence . the filter may actually now be quieter than when it was new , as there appeared to be a slight design change in the new impellers when compared to the old ones . i 'm still using the original biowheels , with no end in sight . for almost anyone , a single emperor would provide adequate filtration , however at the time i purchased them , i had seven huge goldfish in the tank , who produced vast quantities of waste matter . eventually the goldfish grew too large for the tank and were relocated to a pond in the backyard , and the tank was restocked with a variety of colorful tropical fish . the big selling feature for the emperor 400 is the dual biowheels , which provides a highly oxygenated living space for beneficial bacteria to colonize . these bacteria help remove some of the waste products which the fish produce , resulting in healthier fish , and extending the time interval between water changes , and thus reducing maintainence of the aquarium . other filters have alternative methods of providing biological filtration , but the biowheel is so effective that it can keep nitrates at an undetectable level . these filters are made of a black , slightly flexible plastic which seems to be less brittle than the transparant material used on some other filters . as others have mentioned , each filter has four slots for filter cartridges . and the filter comes with two refillable media containers which can occupy two of those slots , if you choose to use them . then can hold extra carbon , zeolite , or other material . i have mine filled with porous ceramic noodles . the emperor 400 has a control for water volume , so you can turn it down when feeding your fish , preventing all the food from being sucked into the filter . after the fish have finished eating , the volume can be set back to " high " , however i have left it in the second slowest postion for weeks at a time , and the fish seemed to be content . i have found that if the volume control is not moved for a long time , it tends to accumulate mineral deposits and become stiff . so , i turn it down every day when feeding , then turn it back up a couple of hours later . also , if the power is interrupted while water volume is turned down , the filter takes longer to prime itself and begin pumping properly . if power fails when volume is turned up , the filter restarts with no problem when power is restored . the emperor 400 comes with a cleaning brush for the spray bars and an extension for the water intake to be used if you have a very deep tank . my own tank is fairly deep , and the extension would bring the intake nearer the bottom , however i do n't use the extension , and filtration seem fine . when setting up an aquarium , it should be born in mind that the closer to a natural habitat you can get , the healthier your fish will be and the less maintainence will be required . my own tank is set up as follows :  two inches of " eco-complete planted aquarium substrate " soil purchased in sealed bags at the local store aquariumconnection . the soil is intended for use in aquariums with live plants , which feed on some of the wastes . in the soil , there are approximately 20 anubis plants scattered around the tank . the fish love to swim between and around the leaves , or hide behind them . from time to time , eggs are laid on the leaves of the plants . the bright green leaves stand out in vivid contrast against the nearly black soil . two 15 watt fluorescent lights provide illumination to stimulate photsynthesis in the plants . i strongly recommend that you do not use any type of gravel , colored or otherwise , as food falls down into the gravel where fish can not reach it , and where it rots and fouls the water . if you choose to use gravel , you must vacuum the gravel on a weekly basis , and your water still will not be as clean . gravel equals more work and dirtier water . sand is better than gravel as food can not fall down into the sand , but sand still does n't provide nutrition for live plants . use eco-complete soil or something comparable , both you and your fish will be happier . i also recommend that you do not use any type of undergravel filter , as these will also require frequent vacuuming , and eventual dismantling of the tank to clean beneath the filter plate . with the emperor , you wo n't need additional filters . and again , undergravel filters equal more work and lower water quality . i never vacuum the soil , and perform a 20 % water change every couple of months , usually when i change filter cartridges . the fish themselves consist of a number of cory catfish , who snuffle around through the soil and pick up whatever falls from above . there are as well golden tetras , cardinal tetras , redline tetras , silver dollars , danios , flying clouds , and mollies , and one otocinclus catfish . some of the cory catfish are grandfathers several times over , and have grown to a large size in the five years or so they have lived in this tank . i feed them once each day , around 6 : 00 pm . supper consists of several spirulina wafers , plus a pinch of flake food about the size of a nickle , which i crush between my fingers to produce many very fine particles . to sum up , the emperor 400 is an efficient and durable filter which will help provide good water quality and healthy fish .
pretty pink and for a verry * good cause..very sturdy..just pricey but as i said..its for a good caus
this whisk is far superior to any other i have owned . i cook constantly and a whisk is a necessary tool . this one is sturdy , reliable , and stands up to the most viscous mixtures . kitchenaid is the way to go for all of your appliance and cookware needs
this steamer fits perfectly on cuisinart 's 4 qt saucepan . the lid seals in every bit of steam . i used to always have to add more water when steaming batches of corn-on-the-cob , but since no steam escapes here , i can make several batches non-stop . i also like the fact that the steamer is wide ; that means that the food will cook evenly ( instead of other steamers where the stuff at the bottom gets overcooked and the stuff at the very top gets undercooked ) . i 've only used the steamer five or six times but so far , there 's practically no sign of dullness or staining - maybe just a little sign of dullness , but i 'm more interested in function than appearance . washing it immediately will keep it stain-free . overall , an incredible deal for $ 20.00
i 'm new to bakery decorating and the tips work great ! you can use them with pastry bags or even just regular plastic bags ( if you cut open a corner for the tip ) . it is easy to clean with the brush and it is great that it comes with it 's own box for easy storage . there are enough tips for simple decorating , still testing out all the different sizes and options
from the review of this ca king and the review of the king , these comforter 's sizes are off only in design . i have a ca king and the ca king actually fits my bed great overall . but the problem is in the main part of the bordered pattern ends too high at the foot of the bed and the beginning of the ruffle part is also now too high up on the foot of the bed , even though the whole thing still fits overall . if i pull the comforter down so that the ruffle part starts at the foot of my bed , it hangs a little low and i have about 10 inches at the head of my bed uncovered . the comforter is absolutely gorgeous and seems to be quality made . i will fill that 10 " space with lots of pillows because $ 60 is an absolute steal !
two of the basic kitchen specialty items included in one package deal ! easy grip handles , stylish and quality design will assure that these items will be around in my array of often used gadgets for a long time to come
i really like this set . the blue is very pretty and the tools are all very high quality
i have spent thousands of dollar 's , on meyers cookware everthing from kitchenaid , anolon , prestige , faberware , &amp ; circulan , just to name a few . though meyers does manufacture very high quality pots &amp ; pans and i would recommend them to anyone it 's just sad that if you have any problem with them , under warranty , you have to go throught the chain of command , that never gets you anywhere , even if you want to speak with upper management about the rudeness of the customer service department . their customer service department employees are always very rude and snotty and they act like they are doing you a favor to even talk to you about their products . do n't get me wrong they do make good cookware , probably the best , but you as the consumer are at the mercy of their customer service and their descision or your fait on wheather your life time warranty is honored or not
excellent . was a replacement iron for a different brand i dropped after over ten years service . features have improved
this takes a little practice to get used to putting the opener properly on the can . however , once you do , it works extremely well- it turns smoothly and cans are opened cleanly , regardless of can size . i especially like having no sharp edges
i ordered one of these , after seeing someone use a similar grill pan on a cooking show . when i received the product , it was superior in quality . very heavy and extremely attractive . i could n't wait to use it . i just wanted to get those little grill marks on my food , because i do n't own an outdoor grill and i do n't like the idea of dealing with mosquitos while grilling outside . not only did i get the marks , but i got the burnt grill flavor on my chicken breast , too . the first night that i used it , i was having a dinner party while cooking . it performed stellar on the first use . i used chicken breast strips and noticed that though they seared with that great sound , they were cooking evenly and slowly . the food did n't burn , but i had to cook it a long time to get the chicken thoroughly done . the taste was perfect and not burnt or dry at all . i was so excited that i cooked whole bonely breast two days later and ca n't wait to grill the shrimp and vegetables this weekend . beware though , the thickness of the meat will cause a lengthy grilling time . so , the house will be full of smoke ( for the inexperienced cook like me ) , but the meat will not burn or dry out . i also purchased the heart shape pot which was great for display of the casserole but the grill pan has me walking on cloud nine . matter of fact , i 'm eating grilled chicken for lunch right now and it taste great !
this is a great timer for the price , a little bulky though . it 's nice to be able to set the timer for seconds , minutes or hours and also be able to count down or upwards . i 'll use it as a reminder for appointments while i 'm working in the office at home as well as in the kitchen . this will also be handy for soccer practice
this is the knife you need to slice your bread . i wondered why my old knife and new breadmaker did n't get along . this knife solved the problem . you get nice , clean , even slices of bread with this knife . for me , it is the nicest thing to happen to make even , sliced bread , a reality in my kitchen
this ice cream scoop recieved a great review in a cooking magazine so i bought it and love it
does what it is supposed to . but go to yahoo foodsaver group for lots of hints on how to make it work as well as it can
i love this coffee pot ! it makes a great pot of coffee , keeps it hot to that last cup , cleans like a champ and looks fabulous all at the same time ! ! i highly recommend this item . a french press makes the best coffee and i 'll never have to worry about breaking another glass carafe
my joyce chen bowls arrived perfectly packed and in excellent shape . the individual boxes themselves were sturdy and have extra cushioning inside , spoon and chopsticks were wrapped separately . my son is addicted to ramen noodles and serving them in these bowls takes it up a notch . i love the chopsticks that come with the set . they have grooves at the tip that serve to hold slippery noodle better than anything i have ever seen . these noodle bowls make a 15 cent meal look so special and i would n't hesitate to order more as gifts
the first thing i noticed about this is just how good it looks . it really is a showpiece in my kitchen . the smooth , rounded shape and the shiny chrome finish really make it look fabulous and i leave it out on the counter all the time . apart from that , it seems pretty much a normal toaster . the extra-lift feature makes getting small bagels out very easy , and the electronic buttons are handy too . i like the way it can take four big pieces of bread or bagels without taking up too much room in the kitchen . 5 stars
i just keep buying more of these glasses , including other sizes and shapes . they look good and are great at keeping drinks hot or cold
" i think it 's cleaning itself " says my wife as she was soaking it in the sink after we baked mac and cheese . it seemed like it was . i gave it a quick scrub with a songe and it was clean . no need to soak it really . this is the best folks , skip the le creuset and go for this . if you want to save some bucks go for the cuisinart chef clasics ( see my review on that
i have the four piece set of these silicone utensils , and have been very pleased with them . they are heat resistant , heavy-duty , and look sharp . they are slightly flexible , but i have not found this to be a problem unless you want to do heavy scraping with the turner . the best part is the wonderful easy-clean properties of the silicone . my other heat-resistant utensils always look icky and need to be scrubbed with a scouring pad to clean the textured finish . these look great right out of the dishwasher ! i 've had them for a year and they 've held up great . the turner has not disintegrated on the edge , either , like many other types do . the smooth finish allows food to slip right off without sticking as you 're cooking
this is a nice sturdy wooden knife block with plenty of slots
i have used this filter with my grind-n-brew for 2 years . i put it in the dishwasher at least twice and have never had any problems with it . i have no idea what these other reviewers are doing wrong , but i love this filter . i never have grounds in my coffee . there is always a little darker/thicker coffee in the bottom of a good cup of coffee ! as for price , $ 20 is not the actual price for this filter . $ 10 is the " real " price , so you are not getting a deal on amazon especially when you add shipping ( unless you are getting free shipping ) . i have seen the same $ 10 filter at wal-mart , walgreens , ace hardware , and publix . overall , if you enjoy a good cup of coffee and do not want to put the chemicals added to paper filters in your body , buy this coffee filter
love this cake plate . looks like our retro 50s kitchen . its solid , well-formed glass with fluting on the base , a nice touch . and you ca n't beat the price . our dinner guests are always excited about desert when they see it displayed so adoringly . i ca n't think of a single thing bad about it . well , maybe the cleaning part
i 've enjoyed mine for 15 years , my mom has enjoyed hers for 36 years , not sure how old my grandma 's is , all still run great . mixes breads , cookies , cakes , pancakes , hamburger and whips cream and egg whites effortlessly . easy to clean . some reviews have commented on the weight , my mom has had arthritis for a long time , and she still uses this all the time . just leave it on your counter , it looks great and you 're going to uses it every other day anyway . it is getting to be our standard wedding present and we have never had any complaints . just feels good to have something so beautiful , reliable , well made and useful sitting handy on the counter
i have 4 of these cookie sheets , and am ordering more . i bake in quantity , and these sheets are the only ones i 've found that do n't warp when heated , and that come clean without intense effort . they also maintain a very consistent heat , so that all the cookies on the sheet brown at the same time .
this is a really nice cookie sheet . i baked cookies soon after i received this cookie sheet , and they were great ! i plan to order another so that i have 2 on hand . i am tired of the nonstick pans that scratch and then rust easily . this is a nice alternative
i just bought this piece and tried it out . i love the size and no drip mouth..the color is beautiful and its so pretty on my buffet
i have not purchased a ripe pineapple due to the fact that it is so difficult to hand peel . so i have gone without this delicious fruit for too long . i happened on the slicer while browsing amazon and could not believe they had such a tool ! i ordered it right then and it arrived in a few days . all that was said about it is really true ! it cuts a pineapple in a matter of seconds leaving a very attractive bowel , the pinapple it self
hi , we got this set one month after getting married , and guess what , it is the thing that we always wanted . it gives us the choices in pan sizes . and there are three more mixing bowls which come handy while cooking or storing left overs . the stockpots are wonderful , they are the used most of the times . the mirror polish is still intact , i think this is a wonderful thing that a newly wed should have . its worth the price . positive points : food does n't stick to the pots/pans you get varieties of sizes . easy to clean . looks smart . negative points : i feel the handles are little delicate , so we have to give support if the stockpot is completely filled the mixing bowls are quite thin . be careful while dumping it into sin
this coffee maker is the best i have ever used . it keeps the coffee hot for 2 hours or more after brewing and it is easy to clean and maintain . i would recommend this appliance to anyone .
i like this product . quality is very good . i use it for other things besides marinating . store homemade cookies in it , left over soups and stews , etc . i am glad i bought it .
emile henri has a superb line of table ware and these coffe mugs are no exception . brilliantly hued and durable .
i love products that are genuinely high quality goods . this fan comes under that category . if you are looking to purchase a fan , i can recommend this one
i agree with most of the positive reviews of the vacuvin food saver set . however , i 'd love a larger size--one that could hold at least one pound of ground coffee . i suppose the downside would be that it would take longer to pump the air out of a larger container . but , they 're easy to use , look nice , and keep the food fresher longer . review update : 05/03/2005 one star 2 of the containers wo n't hold a seal any longer . not recommended for the long term .
this was my first 'nice ' knife when i was taken in by the santoku craze , and it was certainly a decent choice . the knife is sharp out of the box , reasonably well balanced , and has pretty good fit/finish . for the type of person who only buys things like veggies and boneless/skinless chicken , etc. , that are largely prepared , this knife will probably fit the bill and allow you finish up small amounts of prep work . the real drawback is the length . when you live in the south , you see vidalia onions that are 7 " in diameter . this knife is a bit small to tackle the large veggies . and do n't even think about getting it near hard melons or bone-in meats . since i got this knife , i 've expanded my collection quite a bit , even adding some real japanese steel . but this little blade keeps a spot on my magnetic strip , where it comes out for small tasks or when my wife ca n't get me to relinquish the big blade . for most cooks , who need a real omni-tasker knife , i would look for a 9-10 " chef 's knife rather than this .
this listing fails to mention that these dishes are from the ultra line which are significantly thicker and heavier than just the normal square dishes corelle has recently released . this is fabulous because i was concerned that the old corelle i remember is a bit thin . these carry a 5-year warranty vs. the regular 3-yr . this pattern is more beautiful in person ; the leaves have a great texture to them . the pattern is softer and less " limey " in person ( in a good way ) . do n't shy away from corelle because they are n't known for style ( i almost did ) . the durability and beauty of these dishes are unmatched in my opinion . purchased two sets for special occassion dinners and everyday use
the silverware is extremely nice - compared to other i bought elsewhere . they are polished for a nice feel , and combined with the weight , this makes for pleasure while eating . also , saving more than 50 % from the original price is awesome ! ! :
this cooking/serving stainless steel slotted spoon , like the rest of the products from the oxo good grips line , is a great value of superior quality , unsurpassed durability , and flawless performance . its ergonomic design , hefty body , and big , pressure-absorbing , non-slip grip , complete with flexible fins to accommodate your fingers , are the reasons why you 'll prefer this product to the more traditional models , as they will allow you comfortable , daily , wet or dry use while keeping you away from any stress-related injuries . its elegant , stylized shape makes it perfect to use either in the kitchen or at the dinner table , and it also comes with an oversized hole at the tip of the handle for easy hanging , and a strong , stout neck guaranteed to be unbendable . overall , this spoon is perfect to strain vegetables , fruits , shrimp and other foods , and its easy to clean , simple construction and dishwasher-safe , hardwearing materials make it an addition that will prove a dependable part of your cooking equipment for years . furthermore , its stainless-steel metal parts will permanently keep your rust worries away . after submitting this product to over three years of normal , everyday use , mine is still just like new . --reviewed by maritza volma
i love the toaster oven . i used it about every day . strongly recommend this to buyers .
if you want to pay over $ 100 you can find much better quality , but for 70 % less this is a fantastic value
this is the bowl that we were looking for . we found it at several places , but amazon.com had the best price . they even beat the local &quot ; discount&quot ; cooking stor
after 3 years , and oddly enough three different replacement robots , the battery finally lost its ability to charge . being a product that has one model made by one manufacturer , i was very surprised to find the battery at a significantly lower price at amazon . the product works as one would expect , it charged right up and it runs my roomba , as long as it does n't blow up like a laptop battery , i will continue to enjoy a product that makes my life a little easier . now if they could come up with a robot that washes and folds laundry , now that would be a " must have " product
this spatula makes frosting simple to complex cakes very easy . works well with many different icings
i bought this little percolator in order to brew the homemade coffee my grandma gave me . it works great . perfect size , easy to use and easy on the eyes . for the beginners ( like me ) it does take a couple of trial runs to get the perfect cup of coffee ( a measuring spoon would have been nice ) . but it 's all well worth it to get a break from starbucks
i love the quality and softness of this product . the sheet set fit perfectly on my bed . and the price is unbeatabl
it is n't at all like what i expected . it is a very dense jersey ( knit ) and keeps shape while stretching over an 18 " mattress
these glasses are superb in quality and appearance . the purchaser should be aware that they are of the smaller type of martini glass , more the original size , rather than the wide mouth styles you see in some stores today
this is a wonderfully efficient zesting tool . if you find that you need a zester more than even once a year you should invest in this nifty little product . it boasts solid construction with an easy grip rubberized handle and 5 sharp holes for quick and easy zesting . very easy to hold and twist when zesting . it even has a little channel knife if you want to do some fancy peeling . this beats the heck out of trying to zest with a cheap grater type device and is vastly superior to trying to zest with the edge of a knife . ( as i did for years before i learned better ) i use lemon and lime zest quite a bit more than the average person and i see no signs that this tool will dull , break , or wear out anytime soon . highly recommended tool for any active zester . as easy to wash as a fork . cool
these are hefty , and not super soft but high quality . no fancy stitching or detail of any kind . ran a little small for my king bed , but you ca n't beat the price .
this is a premier baking sheet at a fraction of the cost . made of commercial grade materials , it delivers quality nearly every time . i have made many different foods on these sheets , including fish sticks , cookies , meats and roasted potatoes . it works great with everyone , and there is no transfer ever . browning is even and consistent , and i personally have n't yet had one warp at high temps and i have 4 of them . they are a standard size , and could be too big for some small ovens . i ran into this when i needed to visit a friend 's home and do baking , and they did n't fit into her wall oven . not really chicago metallic 's fault , just something to watch out for
wish i 'd had this pan years ago - it would have saved me at least a year in clean up time ! nothing sticks to the pan ! it cooks beautifully & is well worth the price . with a lifetime warranty , super easy clean up , and utensil " safe " , it is a great investment ! if i cooked more often , i would buy the larger swiss diamond also .
this ( rose fiestaware ) sugar and creamer set is very beautiful - true to all of the fiestaware pieces . this set goes very nicely with the large fiestaware teapot -- a wonderful gift for anyone and durable , pretty and cheerful to use for your own family . the availability was great and the speed of delivery was wonderful -- amazon does an outstanding job as usual of customer service ! all of the amazon staff are polite , helpful , and efficient .
if you have a good cook ( or chef ) in the family , this makes a very impressive gift . it 's a very nice looking pan that stays nice looking . my only criticism of it is the lack of a non-stick interior . you either will want to line the pan with foil before cooking anything that will generate a mess or where juices might burn , or you 'll have to let it soak with a dryer sheet for a while afterwards . the stainless does n't retain messes so much as it just takes a bit of effort to get it completely clean . but it 's worth the effort - the pan cooks evenly , the rack is very sturdy . worth the money . watch out for the handles when they 're hot - they do n't fold down and it 's easy to burn the underside of your arm or hands on them when you 're moving it around while hot .
this roasting pan is a prize and well worth the investment . it is heavy duty and i have used it for large rib roasts and a turkey . it is wonderful for making gravy on my gas stove after roasting ; the rack is so sturdy it holds any roast i could fit in my oven . it washes clean with little effort so i have not had to use the dishwasher . it looks like new after washing . this pan will be around a lot longer than i will !
as advertised , and described in various reviews , the blender is solid , powerful and loud....very loud . i have to block my ears when it 's running but i had expected that so i 'm not complaining . my one complaint is that the " water tight " lid is not and if i fill it up too full liquid comes out the top . i use it for fruit smoothies ( no ice ) and vegetable soups and they come out very smooth
i am a great cook but not a good bread baker . this machine is a joy , a godsend , i love it . easy to use , easy to clean and it never fails . buy it now-you wo n't be sorry . i had 2 different breadmakers before this one-they shall remain nameless-just buy this one . i have had mine for 2 years this christmas-what fun i have had with it
we had the original hamilton beach brewmaster and loved it . we like this one even better , although it takes longer for the coffee to brew . i do n't think i could ever go back to a regular coffee maker .
i love this coffeepot . i had the older version and had a problem with the timing light but so far this works great . it 's very easy to set up the timer and looks great sitting on the counter . i 'm the only coffee drinker in the house and i love the fact you can just hold a cup underneath and get all the coffee you want without the burnt taste . would highly recommend to everyone
this is my first oil sprayer so i ca n't say this is better than that or whatsoever . i bought it after reading the reviews here . it was working great for few days and i 'm not sure how it happened but i saw a tiny hole on the plastic lid and obviously it could n't hold the pressure anymore . i purchased it from target.com so i 'm not sure about the return policy . i 'll have to find out . but other than that it was grea
i own both the 1-cup and 2-cup and recommend you buy both for measuring liquids . if you do n't want to buy both , just buy the 2-cup , as it 's more versatile . i have other measuring cups , but these are the ones i reach for over and over . very convenient - no bending - i love it ! ingenious ! my only criticism - and it 's very minor - is that the design of the handle makes it wobble slightly rather than sitting firmly on a flat surface . if they correct this minor design flaw , it would get five stars
we wanted to rid our kitchen of the microwave for health reasons but still have a fast way to get hot water . i never dreamed any small appliance could be this great . water comes to a rolling boil far faster than the microwave was ever able to do . we liked this so well we bought a second one for the lower level of our home
i love my donvier ! i got it as a gift a number of years ago and wo n't let it out of my kitchen . just last night , i made an impromtu batch of ice cream for a guest , using some over-ripe strawberries in the refrigerator . but once we got started we also added a banana and some pecans , first blended in the blender . the end result was scrumptuous . ice cream making can be soooo easy with this little gadget . my grandchildren love for me to get it out . what a tasty treat ! who does n't love home-made ice cream , especially when you can see it being made , or better still , help make it . keep the inner core in your freezer and the lightweight plastic outer container in a bottom cabinet . no mess , no fuss , no problem . if you like ice cream and want a simple way of making it , this donvier is the answer . buy one . no , buy two and give one away . if i had not gotten mine as a gift , i might never have known the pleasure . gail gupton , author : 'the 31-day diet of spiritual enlightenment ' , and 'seekers of truth' .
since i liked it so much , i decided to purchase a second one the day the first one arrived . was very disappointed to see that the price has gone up $ 10 in just one week ! however , the quality is good and i am satisfied with the item
lodge makes great products at a great price . this dutch oven has been in constant use since we bought it in january -- potatoes , chops , stews , popcorn , whatever . it does it all . the &quot ; nonstick&quot ; surface works as advertised , the inside of the pot is easy to clean and the handle is industrial strength . only complaint : the lid can be hard to clean because of its little spikes on the inside . check out the great sprite soda pop potato recipe they provide with the instructions
nordic ware makes the best looking pans , but this is my favorite pan from nordic ware ! this pan makes beautiful breads and cakes . because it has a non-stick coating you might have to adjust your temperature to a higher setting when baking . and even though it is non-stick , i suggest that you spray it with oil before baking because sometimes it does stick ! it 's also very easy to clean up
we had been enjoying the whole experience of the keurig b50 , when i got the email and blogsite updates over the past few months that keurig was promoting a new and improved single-cup brewer . i confess - i coveted this new machine in a big way . so when we were the recipients of a bright shiny new b70 last week on our front stoop , it was very much like christmas for me . my wife just smiled , and the kids gave out a sincere , " whoa , that 's cool ! " at our new kitchen friend . everything that we liked about the b50 is there for the b70 - with the addition of larger cup sizes and the overall look and feel . the coffee just tastes good , first and foremost . i 've tasted cups from other single-serve brewers , and most of them have been barely more appetizing than generic vending machine drop-the-cup coffee . from my first experience with the keurig machines , however , i was amazed how good the brew tasted . the home brewers make a great cup of coffee without having to waste a pot , or lose the coffee all over the counter when the previous machine 's brew basket got finicky . the additional my k-cup attachments allow for grinding our own beans , too - so as a coffee snob , i 'm hooked . the platinum b70 adds selection for cup size - right now , i think our best default size is 9.25oz , filling out most travel mugs and our normal in-house mugs well without getting watery on the k-cups we 've tried so far . and it has a larger reservoir for water , meaning we can get more coffee for fewer refills in the kitchen sink . all of these things would be enough , right ? but wow , it is just so cool looking . the blue led lights that make the water glow on the left , and the blue lcd screen on the right that shows the clock , menu , cup selection , and the chrome fixtures - even the spring-loaded holder in the front top of the brewer - all of that combines to make it more than just a good coffee , taking us into the realm of a really cool experience . the kids oooo and aaahhh every time they walk into the evening kitchen , seeing daddy 's glowing blue coffee brewer , just wanting to marvel in its glow.... okay , that 's a little too melodramatic , but only slightly . if you like coffee and spend more than $ 10 per day , or throw away more than a third of a pot of coffee each morning , or if you enjoy coffee but avoid making it at night because for just one cup that whole pot will go to waste - i think you owe it to yourself to try this brewer out . not just in the store , but blue and glowing in your own kitchen . trust me - " merry christmas " is a great feeling
when my sons cordless died he went an bought this phone system for himself so that he could keep one in his room and another in his office ( located in separate areas of the home ) . after he let it charge overnight we tested it out and were ammazed with it it could work inside outside all the way to the mailbox with no/little static ! ! ! it was/is amazing . we contacted vtech they offer a very similar model for people with multilines/mailboxes and has the capability to add 7 hand sets--which is great since we all have seperated lines and sep. mailboxes
i am very pleased with this lightweight , inexpensive teakettle . the size is great ; you can make many cups of tea in a single boil , but because the kettle is lightweight , it is still manageable with lots of water inside . trigger button on handle makes pouring easy and burn-free . i highly recommend this product
these ramekins are perfect for flan , custard , pudding , and the like . they are beautiful , yet very heavy duty . after buying one set in cherry red , i bought another set in flame 2 weeks later . these are a definate must buy
i just needed to refute that first review also . this is not a toy , it 's not for mixing your ovaltine or slimfast shakes ( though it will work for sure ) . i assume that 's what the first reviewer wanted it for . you can get a 19 dollar piece to do that . it 's not " about a foot long ! " it 's 17 inches , and needs to be . it 's also not 20 lbs . it 's 2 lbs . and it 's weight is perfect . it 's not a " hand blender " for mixing water . it 's an immersion blender for making the thickest of the thick and the creamiest of the creamiest as far as soups go and 50 other uses . i 'm a professional chef , this is part of my kit that i do n't leave home without . you should n't be home without it
i feel obligated to defend this terrific appliance against the " misguided " reviewer who likened it to a jack-hammer . that review gave me pause when i was considering ordering it . fortunately i had faith in amazon 's return policy and decided to give it a chance . it 's not at all too heavy or too large . i 'm 5 ' 3 " with small hands and it fits in my hand perfectly . it really is ergonomically designed . the power button falls directly under your fingers when you hold it . you have no need to change your grip until you 're through blending--which is next to no time . it blends thoroughly and efficiently . it does have enough weight to give you some control . you would n't want something this powerful to be too light--it could just fly out of your grasp . this feels solid , is very attractive , and also appears to be very well made . i love it . if you think you might want an immersion blender ( and if you cook , you do ) you 'll love it too . it should be noted that this is also called an immersion blender . i was confused by the two designations--hand blender/immersion blender . apparently they are the same thing although listed separately
this is a well designed and manufactured tool . the locking feature makes it convenient to store in a drawer and the black rubber handle makes the tongs comfortable to hold . i do n't know how i did without this tool before . another hit for the goodgrips brand
i really like these pillows , they plump back up during the day when not being used . they are comfortable and hugable
my old flatware set was worn out and after 15 years i could n't expect any more out of it . i searched for quite a bit to find the right setting for my family . this set is quality made , dishwasher safe and all around great ! the size seemed a bit large at first ( especially the forks ) , but we 've gotten used to that now and enjoy this set !
i love my keurig coffee maker but missed some of my very special coffees . now i can grind and brew my favorites with this filter
i am surprised to see so many negative reviews . we 've had ours for five or six years , use it at least daily , and have been quite satisified with its performance . it generally toasts the bread evenly , and is consistent from batch to batch and from one day to the next . it does n't seem that slow to me , but my expectations may differ from yours . i agree the 2/4 slice switch is confusing , but we just leave it on the four-slice setting . i also agree it is a bit pricey , but most of our previous toasters only lasted a couple of years and did not perform as consistently . perhaps cuisinart has a quality control problem , but we would n't hesitate to buy another one . good luck
for the money , i 'm satisfied with this toaster . it 's pretty much a basic toaster
just what i needed to cut veggies for my daily salads . saw one similar on a popular cooking show but that one was $ 40.00 more ! this works just as well i 'm sure and such a cool color ! it 's easy to find in a drawer or my " wooden spoon jug " where i keep all odd utensils . it is a little light weight , but after going through carpal tunnel surgery , i do n't think i need one much heavier . fast shipping and great packaging as well . another great find from amazon
as far as home made ice cream goes , the finnished product turns out pretty good . i would recommend using a mix ( wal mart and k mart sell many mixes at only $ 2 ) though , for it 's much cheaper and tastes better than home made recipies . the only problem is that the ice cream is a little soft when done , otherwise this product is good
i am not sure what the folks who left negative reviews did wrong , but we got it right the very first time and boy did we ever . we made it a family project on a sunday night- my wife , my [ ... ] daughter and myself . we froze the pot over night and all day and got it out sunday evening we poured in our mixture in less than 1/2 hour the alarm sounded , the light turned green , my daughter gleefuly pushed the dispense button and out came delicous vanilla softserve . clean-up not so bad either . we love it . good family project
product lived up to its listed features . the person who received it as a gift was thrilled with it . thank you
this was exactly as described . inexpensive , dense wood cutting board on one side with a nice pastry board on the other . the wood has an attractive grain that is not out of place on the counter full-time .
based on the other reviews posted , i purchased this board and am extremely pleased with it . it 's nice and big for rolling out all kinds of doughs . you may have to make room in your cabinet to store it if you do n't want it on your counter all the time , but it is worth the trouble . also it washes up nicely
i love having the edge measurements as well as the circular measurments . i wish i had a cabinet big enough for this wonder tool , but like some of my favorite baking sheets , this will have to live on top of the counter . after use , it cleans up very nicely , and a coat of mineral oil makes it look like a million dollars . i 'm very satisfied
same lifespan as single brita filters , lower price . only wish the indicator was n't the slowness of the filter
these knives rock . i almost have every knife they make and i love them all . especially the bread knife ! the blue fish knife ( how brilliant is that to color code knives ? ) is terrific and showed up just in time for making gravlox this weekend ! oh so worth the money
this is a great little machine for college students and people with apartments . though i would n't recomend it for a family ( get a bigger version ) , it was perfect for me and it 's quick and easy . a great buy and very much exceeded my expectations . i love it
i received four of these etched glass goblets for christmas . they are absolutely beautiful and now are my favorite pieces in my set of winterberry pfaltzgraff dishes . they are a must to add to your collection
all i needed was an iron to get the wrinkles out of my cloths for school and this did a very good job . now to be honest , this is the first iron that i 've owned so i do n't have anything to compare it will but none the less , for me , it did it 's job
we 've only used them once , so ca n't comment on longevity , but our initial use was great . no odor or fumes as other people have reported . even though we forgot to spray it , the muffins came out clean and easy . the tray is a definite plus ! we got two different roshco silicon pans , and it does seem that baking times and temps may need to be slightly adjusted and is probably what let to some of the complaints people have listed
i was pretty hesitant to try a new baking item , but these muffin pans are wonderful ! the cleanup is super easy , there is no problem getting the baked item to slip out , and i do n't have to worry about rust or tarnish . i would highly recommend this type of new bakeware to anyone who loves to bake , but does n't love to clean
the knives are great , dishwasher safe , cut beautifully . a bargain at the price . but a nicer , more permanent box would be nice
i could n't disagree more with the previous reviewer . i purchased the oster milkshake maker and use it almost everyday . three of my sons love their shakes super thick...the oster had no problem with the amount of ice cream . my other son watches his weight for wrestling , and i just put low-fat milk and a little cocoa and the oster whips up an incredibly thick drink ( usually making a glass and a half ) . if you put in some crushed ice with milk , it also whips up very thick and frothy . i am very pleased
great product , does what it 's suppose to do . brushes are the best . i have three huskies and it handles the dog hair expertly without clogging up . for being such a heavy , beastly unit , i can not understand why the handle is built for such a petite hand . it should be at least an inch longer so i can actually fit my hand in to it
they do what they hold themselves out to do . and considering how hard its been finding these items , who can complain
the dishes came quickly and were in perfect condition . the introductory offer of an amazon.com credit card allowed me to get a $ 40 discount and i 've been using it since for the reward points . great doing business with you
the name polder keeps appearing in my home ! why ? because they make a great and accurate product ( s ) . polder is my kind of brand...it does what it 's supposed to do and it 's not overpriced
especially for your guests . but you could use them in your master-bath , of course . the pile & embroidery design is very pretty & very quality looking . i bought towels & hand towels after i was so pleased with the first batch . they are absorbant and the color is a yummy butter-creamy . and , a great buy . what more can you ask for
i have a few of these wash clothes sitting in my bathroom closet . they 're beautiful in design and give you an excellent clean feeling after you 've used them ( with soap and water , of course ) . looking forward to a shower just got a whole lot better
i 've never had trouble fitting my butter stick in the fiestaware butter dish . never . but the reviewer sho could n't get hers to fit did give me a chuckle
i received this cleaver as graduation present when i finished culinary school and i have been thankful ever since . this is a really nice looking cleaver . the handle is excellent . it looks great feels just right in my hand . it has a good weight to it so that i am able to cut through bones and large pieces of meat with no trouble at all . and with a name like henckels you can not go wrong
i used one of these when i was a teenager working in a pizza joint to scrape dough balls off the pan so i could spin pizza 's . until recently i never knew how versitile these things are . i use it constantly to keep my cutting board clean , scape rememants of one item off before chopping the next , i use the side to smash garlic cloves , use the rounded handle to smooth surfaces , and more . this thing is versatile , not just for baking . for the cheap price of this thing , no kitchen should be without
i 've used these for a while and they still hold up pretty well . they say not to put them in the dishwasher but i have and the non-stick is holding up fine . the lids fit nice and tight and the handles do n't get too hot - unless you are just taking one of them out of the oven , in that case the handle will be hot . all said i definately recommend these cause : 1 . there is just the right pans for most situations - who really needs 15 pans ? 2 . you get good quality for the money . 3 . the non-stick is terrific
my husband and i bought this cookware set when we first got married & i absolutely love it ! it has a nice weight to it & the base & walls are thick , also the lids fit perfectly . it heats evenly & i never have had any problems with food sticking to them . just make sure you do n't use metal utensils with these or they may scratch the coating , and the only thing i do n't like about these is that the oustide can get stained if you let a pan boil over or put it on a burner that is not clean ( my husband used to put tortillas & bologna on our coil burner & now i have a stain on the bottom of my frying pan ) but i 'm sure a little barkeeper 's will take it out . all in all they 're great & i highly recommend the
though these utensils are not recommended for direct use with the cuisinart pots and pans ( they will scrape the finish ) they have a terrific feel to them . they are evenly balanced with a useful machanical advantage . i find them especially functional as serving utensils at the table . this tool set is very well made , each tool has an excellent finish and " look " to it , the long handles and super excellent size for dishing out your cooking creations makes them a positive addition to any kitchen . i really use my set and highly recommend this kitchen tool set !
i 'm a single 47 year old guy . i 'm not a great cook . i 've lost 25 # ( am now down to 168 ) and am trying to eat better . this makes it easy ! no more nuking junk food , or frying food covered in fat , just steam it . no more worries about burning things ( the smoke detector used to be my warning that dinner was done ) . i bought the oster 5712 last week . i 've cooked boiled eggs , frozen chicken breast , contessa stir fry frozen oriental dinners and frozen fish in it so far . it rocks ! tonight i 'm going to cook diced chicken breast and wild rice with seasonings in it and i 'm 99.9 % sure it will turn out great even though i 've never tried it before . this baby makes cooking easy . cleaning it is also easy . no burnt food on it , just hot water . for cleaning it 's almost like is has already been soaking in hot dishwater . just a bit of soap and spray it off . as far as price vs functionality this thing is a steal ! - jo
this product was exactly what i was looking for and now that i have it i am very pleased in the way it works . it is a darn good steamer
took a few minutes to get the hang of using the rolling pin , after that it became a piece of cake . i love the length , weight and now it is the only rolling pin that i use
i wish i would have bought one a long time ago . it is so convenient . easy to clean up . very nice for grinding nuts in a hurry for baking . seems powerful enough for everything i have tried it on . you still need to pull out the big food processor for larger amounts because this only holds 1 cup or so . that would be the only negative . otherwise i love it . great product for the price . $ 14 well spent ! !
we just bought a new house , and not only is our bedroom the coldest room , we also painted it a blue/grey . my husband did not want to part ways with our old comforter , even though it did n't match the walls . this duvet cover was the perfect solution . it is extremely soft and warm , and the " windstream " colored snowflakes match our walls perfectly . i may even keep in on the bed in the summer when we have the a/c going in the room
the quality of this set is very good . they are useful when you eat crabs.at first i thought maybe it was hard to clean them,but i was wrong . they are easy to use and easy to clean.sometimes i also use the clip to crash the nuts . it works great
this is a very nice seafood set . the oxo brand is always something you can rely on . the only complaint i have about this set is that the cracker is a little bit on the heavy and clunky side
i bought these in a few colors ( at a higher price ) about a month ago . they were purchased to replace some designer catalog towels that i mistakenly thought would be of better quality . well the designer towels shed about 1/2 their heft in my drier . so here i came to amazon looking for a better alternative . i ordered 3 sets of these and am impressed with their drying ability and their feel . the towels are nice and thick and absorbent ( like a towel should be , right ? ) . the package of six include two sets -- making this an even better deal . i just went back and bought another three sets for use over the holidays with out of town guests . you wo n't be sorry with these . i am tossing my old towels and using these sets almost exclusively
have had this for several weeks . almost stopped using my stove . being a bachelor , somewhere i forgot how much better food tastes broiled or on the spit . have done whole chickens a couple of times , really moist and tender . this is easy to use , and it is a good looking unit . cooking times are consistent . no problems so far . i have not found the fan to be noisy , perhaps that individual just has a bad unit . my folks sent me some of those big elastic bands to use when you are using the spit . those work well too
i agree with all of the other good reviews . i received my waffle maker yesterday and made waffles this morning . all came out great , from the first to the last . nothing to clean up , just wipe it . i 'm completely satisfied
i have two of these warmers and use them for much more than butter - especially around the holidays . they are heavy duty , which you do n't see by the pciture , and are also great for melting chocolate , cheese , scalding milk , and much more . if you need a smaller pan for cooking project , i stongly recommend this one !
pictures on-line do n't come close to the beauty of the set . the tea pot is large ! the set is worth every penny i paid and then some . i checked other web sites and the price for this set was $ 150 up to $ 225 . buy it , you ca n't find it for less i shopped around prior to making my purchase ! i rate the set a 10 + for the size of the pieces as well as barrons quick shipping of my purchases . all have arrived fast and in excellent , excellent condition . barrons does an outstanding job on their packaging to protect the pieces during shipping
wow ! finally a product that does what it claims to do ; it filters water ! incroyable
this flatware set is beautiful enough for special occasions but practical enough for everyday family use . we wash it in a dishwasher with no special treatment and it comes out shining everytime . my family love the solid feel of the forks
this shampoo is not only an excellent carpet cleaner , but the additives that neutralize the pet odors from little accidents work incredibly well . i highly recommend this product
i received this grinder as a christmas gift from my son-in-law after my cheapo , cheapo grinder went kaput ! i am surprised at some of the not so happy reviews because we use this grinder every single day , sometimes twice in one day , and it works really well . if the grinder is dedicated for coffee or spices , there 's no need to clean it ( like , with water and soap ; just tap around the outside canister and all the excess residue falls off the edges into the cup/blade area . i really like the grinder , and knowing my luck , this cuisinart will last a long time only because i 've had my eye on a kitchen aid coffee grinder ( to match the rest of my appliances ) and just happened to get this one as a gift . oh well ! but , the grinder is worth the money , and it does what it 's supposed to do . unless you 're the type of person who needs directions on how to breathe , this grinder is a no-brainer : -
i had one many years ago and never had a problem . good suction , maybe a little loud , but i do n't care . i liked it so much i 'm trying to get a new one . i do n't recall ever having a problem with it like other reviewers have mentioned -- smoking , etc . it worked well and cleaned well
i bought this after reading many reviews and found that they were all in 2 catagories either you loved it or you hated it . i am no exception i really like it . it works like a dream on plush high pile carpets that you ca n't really run a regular vacuum cleaner over . i do n't have any trouble getting it to pick up dirt . the price was great ( less than $ 30 ) and bags and belts are easy to find and inexpensive . it could have a little more suction in the hose for attachments but it still picks up dirt well . the best use i get out of it is the roller brush . the roller is very strong and keeps going even when used on deep pile carpets
this is my third handmixer in a year , finally got something exactly what i wanted . great value and powerful . i highly recommended this product especially for those of u who need it for making different kind of doughs .
i used to sell cutlery and own a range of knives myself , so i have tried many cutlery products from many different brands . in 2003 , i bought these calphalon contemporary shears since i did not own a pair of shears . before i purchased these , i tried a pair of henckels twinshear kitchen shears , and felt that they were not as strong and sharp as i would have liked . i was a little worried about the quality of these shears since they were made in china rather than in germany or japan , even though newer brands such as calphalon and furi are now making far better cutlery than has ever before been made in china . after over a year of using these , i am quite impressed with them . the handles are very comfortable , and the blades are stronger and sharper than the aforementioned henckels shears . most impressively , the blades show very little wear , despite the fact i have certainly used them quite often . also , the handles on these are far better compared to those on the calphalon traditional and stainless shears . in conclusion , i would definitely recommend these to anyone looking for a top-quality , reasonably priced set of kitchen shears
the price of this pan threw me , but i decided to give it a try since the cookware is so good . the pan is the best i 've ever used . it does n't stick , it cleans up quickly , and it 's true , you can use metal utensils in it . i 've had the pan for almost a year , and it looks , and bakes , as if it 's brand new , even though it is used constantly
fiestaware is timeless . classic shape , classic colors , great quality . the finish is lead-free . the looks are from a bygone era but hold a charm that makes the transition to current styles . great gift... can always be used . the only drawback i would say is the colors . sometimes it is difficult to match colors to other brands of dishes you may already have
this is a brilliant device and the daddy of pizza wheels , all pizza parlours should buy one or two they would save themselves a fortune ! one spin across the pizza and it 's done ! no repeated to and froing or worse , finishing the job with a knife ! it does not need sharpening either , just as well cos i am clueless as to how on earth you would do that job ! oxo brands are just really really good so start collecting now
this all-clad ladle is a beauty you 'll wonder how you ever did without . before i bought this , my drawers held only gravy/sauce ladles . you know , those short little things that 'll fall down inside your pot and your soup . buy one of these and suffer that fate no more ! now that i own this , i truly enjoy preparing big pots of stew or soup . you 'll feel like a real chef when you dish up portions to your family or friends .
i use calphalon commercial hard anodized and wanted to try out stainless steel . this pan seemed the ideal way to do it , given the price and the manufacturing pedigree ( all-clad ) . the first time i used it i fried ham and scrambled eggs in it using less than 2 tbsp of butter . very little stuck to it , and clean up was about as easy as a non-stick pan . use a dobie pad as recommended and you 'll have no problems . i wo n't trade my calphalon for stainless , but having said that , it looks great , heats evenly , and cooks like a champ . well worth the $ 20 . give it a try and leave the wear-ever non-stick behind
the scale i received from amazon looks the same as the picture for the " soehnle vera white digital food scale " but it 's a different model . the one i received uses the cr-2430 lithium battery , not four aas as advertised . also , the product manual is different . the actual manual 's title is " 67000 - 67007 g/oz , " not " 8122/8123 g/oz . " on the bottom of the scale , there is a number similar to soehnle 's product numbers , 812215 . but i could not find such a product anywhere . fortunately , the maximum weight capacity of this scale is 5000g as advertised . it 's actually about 5280g . the unit of measure is in 1g or 0.05oz increments . weighing items with this scale is very easy . the lcd screen has large 0.5 " numbers . it has a 2-minute auto shut-off switch , and a supposedly low-battery indication . overall , this is a very good scale and i recommend it if you 're willing to put up with purchasing a lithium battery once in a while
this is my first food processor and i am thrilled with my cuisinart . it is a perfect size for my needs and very easy to use .
this product provide a couple of interesting issues . the first one : you do n't need electricity to make it work on your table ( no cables on your fancy candle-light-dinner ) ; the second one : it works . all you need is to let it rest in your fridge , and that 's it
even though its a 10 " bowl , its not deep enough for salads
the item is what i expected at this price . i like the shape of the dishes and bowls . my only complaint is that a dessert dish broke in shipping and it took forever for a new one to arrive and it was chipped
i have cuisinart dlc-2011 prep 11 plus food processor for about a year and i would n't even think that i could use it so much . i 've got additional discs and i can do anything . it 's fast , it 's reliable , it 's really helpfull . i would probably ish to have a bigger size , but this one is ok and i did n't want to spend more . i 've spent the difference in price on discs and discs holder . p.s . the disc for french fries does n't work for frech fries , but it cuts real nucely for home fries and soop
i love my cuisinart prep 11 plus food processor . since i use it for all sorts of cooking , i have purchased all of the disks for it . i do n't want three or four different holders for disks , etc . because i do n't have unlimited closet and counter space . since they sell a complete set of disks why , oh , why do n't they sell a tower ( small footprint ) that will hold all of the attachments . this is short sighted of them . i have friends who have the same gripe . if someone manufactures such a disk holder we would be interested in knowing how to contact that company
bye whisking you away i froth , foam and easily handle all your whisking problems away . my handle is so secure it will absoutley amaze you with its workability . please try me so i can whisk you into my recipes , now
if you prep a lot of fruits and vegetables in your kitchen , this is the set for you . the santoku knife is lighter than a standard chef 's knife . but this is what makes it so wonderful on fruits and vegetables . i have used it to carve prime rib ( just to see how if worked ) and it performed just as well as my chef 's knife , except that it is a little smaller . i find that i use the santoku 90 % of the time in my kitchen . if you are diminutive female , this knife feels right in the hand since it is a little smaller than a standard chef 's knife . i love the blade on this knife . it holds an edge much longer than my non-wustof knives . the paring knife is nothing special . but it does have the same nice hard blade that is on the santoku . you will not be disappointed in this purchase if you love to cook .
i sent this knife to my son who is a baker by profession--he loves this knife . it does n't mash the bread and cuts through crusty crusts ! i higly recommend it to anyone
it 's a pretty good down pillow . it 's well filled and does n't feel too low to me . the label on the pillow itself states minimum 75 % down , but i could n't feel any feathers , so the down quality is decent . the cover is nice and it does n't smell more then any other new down pillow . the pillow is machine washable , so you can wash it to get rid of smell faster
i really love these bed sheets . from the moment i got them i put them on my king size bed and i almost did n't want to take them off to wash them . they are very comfortable and of a very good quality . the fitted sheet does have deep pockets indeed so they stay attached to the matress even after several days of use . i am very pleased with this product
my friend orri suggested the breville 800jexl . my husband , who enjoys dishes to cooking , has become the expert juicer . it 's definitely worth the extra money if you are serious about juicing . remember... . if you 're in a rush , but want juice , simply wash the breville off and save the soaping for the dishwasher . the clean up is really not bad if you cook and are use to doing dishes . have fun . ginge
i got this to use with my rotisserie and have ended up using it everywhere i cook meat . its ease of use and ease to clean makes it a favorite in my kitchen tool drawer .
fabulous ! ! ! i purchased this as a gift for relatives who are very highly educated , worldy , well travelled , serious chefs , who 've enjoyed coffee brewed all over the world ( even antarctica ! ) . needless to say , gift buying for them is tricky ! when they got this , their bodum decanter had just broken , so the timing was perfect...they love this model ! use it daily ! in fact , they 're so impressed , that they now order it from amazon.com & give it as a wedding gift to newly married couples in their social circle . also note , there is a coordinating sugar & creamer set available for purchase that matches perfectly , holds adequate volumes of sugar & cream , & makes a stunning table display . i already have a few bodum sets , including the stainless steel insulated models , so i wo n't need another fp , but i also will give this frieling model as a wedding/housewarming gift to coffee aficionados .
i like it 's size , weight , and the fact that it is clear glass so you can see the tea . i keep it warm at my desk with the aid of a coffee cup warmer and one cup will last for several hours . the strainer works flawlessly for me
i have four of these mugs . pros : - keeps coffee hot for a very long time when sealed . - does n't leak . - durable . - carabiner makes it easy to clip onto backpack . cons : - a little inconvenient to clean . - nissan unresponsive about replacement parts . tips : make sure the lid is screwed down snugly , but not too tightly . you want to form a complete seal to prevent leaks and retain heat , but the seal gets tighter as the contents cool and shrink . do n't fill past the raised metal fill-line on the inside of the mug . if you overfill the mug , some liquid will be pushed up into the threads when you screw the lid down , and you wo n't notice until you tip the mug . ( it 's easier to see the line if you fill it beneath an overhead light . ) if you think your mug leaks , you 've probably overfilled it . if you fill it just right , you do n't even have to stir your coffee . just add your sugar , cream , ketchup , or whatever you put in there , seal the lid , and shake the mug to mix it . ( i 've never been able to do this with any other mug ) . when you wash the mug , remember to remove and wash the silicone rubber o-ring . the lid is hollow and can be pried apart with a spoon for cleaning if some liquid seeps inside . if you wash the mug in the dishwasher ( nissan recommends against this ) , remove the plastic base before ( or after ) washing to remove the water that collects in there . if you lose the gasket ( or cut it on a knife in the dishwasher like i did ) , i 've found these to be suitable inexpensive replacements after a lot of hunting around : 228 silicone rubber o-ring 70a durometer , burnt orange , 2-1/4 " id x 2-1/2 " od x 1/8 " w , by small parts inc
great product for a good price . all sent as ordered
the previous reviewer was correct . this item does not have the pump and hose for using it without a garden hose . i was easily able to order these parts and the clip to hold the pump from the coleman website . just look at the hot water on demand there and open the replacement parts link . other then that it is still cheaper then coleman and works very well . this will work great in our off the grid camping adventures .
i love this pitcher it sits on my counter all the time.beatiful cobalt blue color,with white inside,really adds something to creamers,wish ... sold the big one i would buy it in a heart beat.great for syrup also
we 've had this coffee pot for about 3 months and absolutely love it . once you learn how everything sits correctly you can have great coffee all the time . it 's great having the coffee already in the pot . we get about 4 pots of coffee from what is stored . the only thing i would have liked better was a 12-cup coffee pot . i sometimes find after we have our coffee in the morning and with my husband taking a thermos has me sometimes having to make another pot . it 's no big deal though because it 's so easy . you 'll love it .
i purchased this product the day before going on vacation , so i did n't have much time to research . i 've owned it for 28 days , and it 's been working fine so far . i use small pellets , not flakes- so that 's all i can rate it for . it seems to work at the same times every day , and a uniform amount of food appears to drop . it is not quiet , so if it is used in a bedroom , make sure you adjust your feeding times as not to be disturbed while sleeping . i acually do n't mind knowing when it 's running , so if i 'm around i can check on it 's function . time will tell if it 's a great product- but so far , so good . i must change my review- i too had one of the battery contacts break off , and the unit became unreliable . i 'd often have to remove and replace the batteries to get it to work again . i 'd look elsewhere before buying another
what i especially appreciate about this mug is that , unlike cheaper stainless steel mugs , this one does not impart a metallic flavor to tea . it really insulates , beverage stays hot for hours while the mug feels cool to the touch . my husband and i each have one . do n't leave home without it
as a long time critic of kitchen tools and all miracle whip applicators , i was skeptical when i was presented with this device . it uses the same " scraper/spatula " design that has been prevalent in the united states since the release of the tupperware model r. at first glance i was not impressed with this tool . it was nothing flashy , although i must admit the red color was quite innovative . but , the real test would have to come when i put it into service . she was n't as stiff as some of the hard plastic models i have tested , but not as floppy as most silicone models i have labored through . i would have to say it was a happy medium . so i dug right in and began making some fried wonton stuffed with miracle whip , and i must say this spatula sparkled . pounds of miracle whip got stuffed into this little asian number , and the spatula never failed . i knock off one point for the simple fact , that they do n't offer a miracle whip branded version of this spatula . now that would be really nice . also , not quite strong enough to be used a tactical weapon , but quite suitable as a disciplinary tool
this one works great . i had a square krupps waffle maker before and this one is ten times better....cooks better , heats faster , looks better , and the audible ready alert is great . i saw this one on good eats on food network , and i am thrilled that i have this one....exactly what i wanted
until i purchased this meat grinder , i was grinding with a manual one . it was a chore to set up and clean up . the pro mg-800 professional meat grinder made the grinding easy . it does not have to be clamped on the table . ground meat comes out nicely into a bowl underneath . easy clean up , fast speed , three blades interchangeable for the grinding . i am totally happy with the product i purchased . also , on top of being an efficient grinder it is very compact that does not take much space for storing . the advantage of having a grinder is i can grind my preferred cut anytime and know what went into the ground meat
tired of those metal cocktail shakers where the top refuses to open when you go to clean it ? the vacuum that occurs with the metal variety has happened to us on every model we 've tried . the boston cocktail shaker does not have this problem . we had no difficulty whatsoever with a tight seal on the first try and have had no leakage problems . the only drawback ( very minor ) is that the measurement lines do not go all the way to the bottom of the glass . so if you 're measuring out small quantities of liquor , you still need to use a jigger . other than that , it is very easy to use and clean . top rating for this bar helper
my dad originally bought one of these woks from lodge and we use it for everything . we can brown all sorts of meats for varying dishes . for stir-frying it is incredible , nothing sticks to it and we do n't have to worry about even cooking . i have recently purchased one for myself and i could n't be happier with it . at less than 50 is is a great bargain . another great use for it is deep frying . it is a tad heavy so do not try to pick it up and serve because it will very easily slip from your hands . overall my favorite cooking tool ever
i bought the 14 piece set for my parents and then added this pan to their collection . they just love it . it is so nice that my mom does n't even bother to put food in a serving dish , she just sits this pan on the table when we have company . it is so regal and incredibly well made . it always looks beautiful . the other thing i like is that the handles and bottom of the pan are stamped cuisinart so everyone knows this is a quality item . i 'm very happy with my purchase
i bought 3 of these . they are great . easy to use , easy to clean and they work . after buying one i ordered 2 more for gifts and both of those people who recieved them also loved them .
this is a great product , and you can get it , along with any other products on amazon up to $ 500 free ! participate in a special promotion and get a free $ 500 amazon gift card at this web site : ilikethis.info/amazo
i like these lid covers as they fit very well . i have always had a hard time with plastic wrap sticking , or aluminum foil tearing . i would recommend this if you need to store your recipes for a bit before serving them . i also like the sturdiness of these lids as it does not allow flavors to mix when you put them in the refrigerator
there is n't much you say about a plasic cover , but i 'll try.. . these covers fit securely over the bowl for kepting whatever you 're mixing fresh . you can also store anything in it like it was a tuperware ( spelling ? ) item . i 'd recomend having them around , because you 'll use them ! these are for the 4 1/2 quart bowl and are dishwasher safe
this thing is wonderful . i 've enjoyed one since my first home and it makes a tremendous difference- esp . if you rent and do n't have any control over the kind of tub you have .
i bought this sheet set almost 5 months ago & they have actually become my favorite sheets . i have several sets , and many of them were quite exepensive , but i always seem to reach for these sheets . the only time we use another set is when we are washing these . they are very soft & stretchy ( not too stretchy ) and wash up so nice ( they hold the dryer warmth so well ) ! this set has been great during the summer & i think will also be great during the colder months with a heavier blanket . you could n't get a better set anywhere near this price !
my teapot arrived from amazon very quickly and i was very pleased with my first purchase . it is just the right size for me as i usually make two or three cups . even though it could hold more , it is not too large for a smaller amount . the tea does not drip when poured . . . thank goodness ! the one i had before consistently dripped so my reason for getting a new one . this one also fits well in my hand , and i love the fact that you can microwave it if you need to heat up a bit . overall , i would say it is quite lovely and and high quality
item exactly as promised . was a gift for dad 's new wife . she was very happy with it
even if entering the kitchen gives you hives , this spoon can make it easier . it 's balanced , easy to use and easy to clean and store . it goes from the cooktop to serving in a contemporary fashion...without spilling , breaking like some of the el-cheapo brands . if you care for this spoon - it will serve you well for many years . my first one - i used to death and it died only as a result of an accident with ( in ? ) the blender . been searching for one ever since to replace - and at this price i am buying several
this is a great product , not only does it boil water fast , it is easy to fill and use , and pours beautifully
very nice , beats flimsy plastic . i have broken or otherwise worn out parts of plastic measuring sets . these will probably outlast me
i bought this for chinese / japanese style hotpot . it turned out to be a fabulous hotpot ( fast boiling time ) and an excellent grill ! although there are no grill grids , my korean bbq and cajun shrimps turned out wonderful ! ! ! i have used this pot extensively ( once or twice a week ) for the past three months and it continues to perform superbly
i have had these pans for five years now and i use them almost every night . i have never had any problems with them and they cook the food very evenly . i would highly recommend them .
this thing is a workhorse.. . i use it every day . mine 's been going strong for over five years now . i just wish they 'd bring back the translucent colors . i love being able to see at a glance whether the kettle has water in it or not . with the current opaque black or white models that 's not possible .
i have made yogurt with a few tablespoons from the super market or with a previous batch , but sometimes i sweeten the whole batch with honey and forget to reserve some of the good stuff . i probably use these every other batch or so now . when i first started making yogurt , using these packets allowed me to vary the time and/or add powdered milk until i found my perfect batch ! i do n't add powdered milk - it makes it thicker but more tart and i prefer it a bit thinner after getting addicted to it in europe last year . this is the perfect tool for newbies - and a cupboard staple for the more seasoned yogurt-heads
the kitchenaid professional 5 plus ( kv25g0x ) is a great product , but you should buy it elsewhere . we ordered it from amazon , and got the commercial ( km25g0x ) instead . we did not want that , so contacted customer service . they said they 'd exchange it , but they sent us another km25g0x . no good , obviously . then , the customer service representative claimed they could not reliably get in touch with the warehouse , so they had no idea whether they ever actually would get the item they advertise . they said they sometimes substituted similar products . great . at this point we gave up , and ordered instead straight from the manufacturer
it 's common to see these steamers all over the place and from amazon 's display , this certainly did n't look any different . what made me decide to get this was the price and when i opened the box and examined it , i was pleased to find how well-made this item is
we have a new puppy and i bought this cleaner . when i read the negative reviews i almost returned it unopened . for some reason i decided to try it . i had just rented an industrial sized rug doctor about three weeks ago to do my carpets . i just wanted to try this to see how it would do . the dirt and dog hair i got out was amazing . it was very easy to put together and to use . i recently had shoulder surgery and this was very easy to operate with one arm ! thank you so much
i love to spend my time in the kitchen , but what i do n't like to spend is obscene amounts of money . if i 'm going to buy something i 'd like to buy high quality so that i do n't have to go buy it in a year or two . i kind of balked at the price - i found plenty of measuring spoon sets for a third of the cost of this stainless steel set . but after receiving it and using it , i do n't regret the extra money at all . this set has been more than faithful to me in the time i 've had it - it 's dependable , i can toss it into the dishwasher with no fears and the labels wo n't rub off . i 'm not afraid of abusing this set ; it 's stood up to my frantic mad dashes around the kitchen from the cookie dough to the spaghetti sauce . if your old set has worn down to nothing and you 're looking for something that will stay in your kitchen longer and more faithfully than you will -- this is the set for you .
after years of trying to make smoothies in a regular blender , and having to stop and stir , and stop and stir , and worry about burning out the motor , we now do n't have to worry any more . even when all of the fruit we add is frozen , this machine grinds , chops , and smooths with impressive power . it 's fairly easy to clean , provided you do n't wait for days , and has a handy pouring valve thing . a few recipes are included
i am so pleased with these sheets . prior to this purchase , the most thread count i had in my sheets was 600 . these 1000-thread-count sheets are much more luxurious . in addition to the thread-count quality , these sheets fit my bed better , are wider and deeper than my other sheets . they cover my thick mattress with sheet to spare
this is my second dlc-10 . the only reason for replacement is because the bowl cracked and it became cost effective to just make a machine rerplacement . i have all the disks and such and like the machine very much as i have had it for 20 years
the processor works terrific ! it saves us much time everyday . one minor problem is some foods get stuck between the cover and the blade and can not be processed
after reading some of the reviews , i was somewhat reluctant to buy this product , but it went on sale at $ 3.99 , and i decided to risk it . it measures up the the quality and function of most oxo products . the measurements on the side and inside are completely accurate , which is different from what some have described . i like the cup better than my pyrex ones for dry and cold liquid products , but being plastic , it can not be used for hot products that contain grease or oil . the handle is ergonomically designed and is easy to scoop flour , sugar , beans , or other bulk products . the only negative is that you have to have another measuring cup for hot , greasy products
it 's sort of cheap , but it works quite well . the water comes out clean , with no odd taste ( which some filter systems can do )
this is the best french oven i have ever used . it cooks evenly and cleans easily . while it is very heavy , that must add to the excellence of its cooking and that 's what i wanted . no complaints . 5 stars
i am buying a replacement that i had for 15 years . it still works but the light went off . i never thought they were still making it . i tried recently 2 other brands that did not make it 1 month paid around $ 25 . i gave up , i was still using my old westclck until today when i found this one on amazon .
we have a large family and we use our electric skillet a lot . in the past we have purchased the cheaper versions from wal-mart . they do n't heat evenly , and we were constantly replacing them because the cheap plastic legs or handles would break . the cuisinart csk-150 1500-watt nonstick oval electric skillet is awesome ! ! the cooking area is huge ( we can cook 6 pancakes at a time easily ) and the cooking surface heats up evenly . it is very heavy , so it does n't scoot around on the counter . nice metal handles an base . glass lid is also very sturdy with a steam vent . it is very beautiful and functional . because of the quality of the construction , i believe it will last our family for many years . i have not previously recommended any item online before , but i highly recommend this item
i have owned this can opener now for several months and it is by far the best can opener i have ever owned . i have had probably 10 electric openers in my lifetime , but this is just wonderful . it is smooth , super easy to attach the can , quiet , and does not splatter the contents of the can all over the opener when it 's done cutting like all the other did ! ! ! the detachable parts make it sanitary too , you can put it in the dishwasher ! i ca n't say enough about this opener....you will not be disappointed ! !
hey , not to be too redundant but this really is a good can opener . i have no problems with it , my wife , who always has problems with can openers has " some " problems " sometimes " using it but as she never could get any of the others to ever work this is a big improvement . the knife sharpener is an okay touch , however , if you have good knives i would n't use it . i sharpen by hand with an " edge pro " but hey , it 's a can opener . it will sharpen a knife i just would n't put my $ 100 schaaf " golden hamster " through , maybe my chicago for a quick fix
i 've never had a " nice " set of knives before . these are great ! they have a nice feel in my hands . the only reason i did n't give them a 5 star rating is because the kitchen scissors do not come apart . the scissors i bought at smart & final come apart for easy washing and drying
a dutch oven is one of the most versatile items you can find . many people i know are intimidated by cooking with dutch ovens , but when you take a few minutes to learn how , you can use it to cook anything ! it can be used with variety of foods : stews , cakes , cobblers , breads , poultry , vegetables ( basically anything you make in a conventional oven ) . if you happen to forget to pack your skillet when you go camping , turn over the lid and put it back on the dutch oven . voila ! instant skillet-type cooking surface ! additionally , this smaller dutch oven stacks well with the 12-inch version , so you can cook more than one course at a time ! having used a variety of dutch ovens in my life , i can tell you for sure , lodge dutch ovens are the best . they are durable and well-crafted . if you have ever had the experience of cooking with a dutch oven that was not a lodge , you will know what i mean . you should look for a dutch oven that has a lip on the lid for keeping coals on , and sturdy legs , to keep from crushing the coals . lodge dutch ovens have these features , and are made of quality cast iron . lodge also has many accessories for cooking , such as lid lifters and lid rests , inserts for muffins , etc . dutch ovens make a great gift for the camper in your life . highly reccommended
the other review is so obviously someone from sentry that i thought i 'd add my two cents . my house has n't burned down so i do n't know if this works , but i 've read other articles that say it does . it is heavy ( since the foam contains water to evaporate and dissipate heat in a fire ) , and there is no rubber grips on the bottom , so it can slide around a lot . it 's a lot cheaper and more convient than renting a safety deposit box .
sentry insulated chest  every household should have some method of protecting things like birth certificates , deeds , wills , stocks , bonds , and other valuables . pros :  - inexpensive box helps keeps your valuables " safe " from fire , kids , and nosey adults . - attractive ; has nice handle ; no sharp edges . - excellent value for the money . cons :  - flat key model ( sen1100 ) has a rather cheap-looking lock mechanism . - it weighs nearly 20 pounds , but that 's because the walls are 1 " thick and fire-resistant material is n't light . go to sentrysafe dot com to view all the sentry offerings . my advice is to buy the sentry model 2100 rather than this model ( sen1100 ) . the 2100 has a better ( tubular key ) lock , but only costs a few dollars more . ( staples dot com sells the 2100 . ) sentry rates these boxes as follows :  1100 - ul classified - 30 minute fire protection 2100 - etl verified for 30 minute fire protection of cds and dvds up to 1550 degrees f  no small fire-box is particularly theft resistant . even if bolted down , a lid could be forced opened with tools . in addition , although the 2100 's fire rating is higher than the 1100 , many non-portable safes offer better fire ratings . they are also larger and far more expensive . for better protection , you 'd need to spend more money , but a sentry chest is much better than doing nothing . i use mine to store dvd backups of computer files . the sentry chest is kept inside a large , fire-resistant safe . hopefully , this double protection will do the job if there is ever a fire . dvd and other computer media will be destroyed at much lower temperatures than paper . i 'm a retired federal employee and have no connection whatever to any manufacturer of any product
enjoy your sleeping hours in quality sheets with beautiful butterflies embroidered on the pillow cases & top sheets..an awesome deal for yourself or a gift for someone you want to bless
this set conducts heat really well and everything heats up fast but be careful not to burn anything which i did the first time using it . also it takes a bit of scrubbing if you burn it bt other than that it 's a great product
i know these got poor reviews , as ice cube trays . but i used them to freeze my baby 's homemade fruits and veggies and they worked great . the lids were a little tricky at first , but as long as you do n't overfill them , you 'll have no problems removing the lids . a couple twists of the tray , and the food cubes slid right out ! they were much cheaper than trays marketed specifically for freezing baby food
i got this for my wife for her birthday and she loves it . no more staining other spatula 's or spoons
so when it came up on my gold box offers , i knew i had to have it ! it is great ! beautiful , sleek and also useful ! it looks great in my yellow kitchen too ! the pitcher is heavy duty without feeling too heavy . makes a nice piece on your table during that special dinner at home
i cooked 2 cobblers for our scout troop that even the pickiest eater was coming back for more.terrific piece for any campers , practically a must have
i am very impressed with the feel and size of this mug . it has a smooth feel , and keeps the coffee/tea hot/warm . i ordered one , but will probably be ordering more ! nice ! : o
these bodum glasses are simply amazing . there 's no other way to describe a glass out of which i can have my coffee in the morning and ice cold liquids at night . the added bonus is that liquid of any kind becomes a work of art in these glasses . the liquid is suspended in space , and to top off the experience , the glasses never sweat and they never feel hot or cold to the touch . totally awesome...worthy of more than 5 stars
no picture can really do these glasses justice . they have nothing aesthetic in common with any other double-walled cup i 've ever seen--elegant , minimalist , super clear and light as a feather . they really keep stuff cold ( or hot , as the case may be ) . they 're even dishwasher safe . however , they are remarkably fragile . i accidentally rapped a spoon on the lip of one and within half an hour , the little crack had spread and the glass was in fragments . but if you 're careful with them and keep them away from kids , animals , and , apparently , me , they will serve you well
i ordered these towels in two colors mainly because the price was right . but when they arrived i was so pleased . they 're larger than i expected and very plush . i 've washed them several times and they look as good as when i first opened them . it 's really nice to finally have towels that actually dry you off
these towels are great ! i was surprised how large they are , but it 's been a while since i bought towels , maybe all new towels are really big . these towels are so absorbent , it 's hard to tell when they 've been used because the water just seems to disappear . and soft , soft , soft...brand new out of the box they feel great . again , they 're big , so a litle heavy , but they are wonderful . these are an amazing bargain and feel very luxurious . i do n't know what towels those other reviewers said resulted in fuzzies , they must have been referring to another product , these towels are awesome , no fuzzies , they are very well made
i have used every major brand of cutlery and i can tell you there is no better value than analon knives . i have been cooking and managing restuarants for over 30 years and i have found that the $ 100 knives are no better than thr $ 25 ones . the analon product looks and feels just as nice as the most expnesive brands out there and is one third the price . try them you will love them . i might add that all knives have to be reground from time to time as the edge will become blunt and no sharpener will restore it . when this happens find a local grinding service and have them restored . a good knife can last you a lifetime if you take care of it happy chopping mik
if you like knives that hold their edge , have good balance , and feel more expensive than they really are , this knife 's a smart purchase . we bought ours with the intent to get henckels . my husband loves to cook and i have demanding standards for tools in my kitchen , especially knives . anolon were half the price and every bit as good . as their reputation spreads , the prices seem to be going consistently up .
we looked in all the local brick and mortar stores for a quality holder with no luck . even though we were skeptical ordering online , this product far exceeded our expectations . do not hesitate , it is well worth the asking price
everyone who comes in and sees this just loves it . i 'm getting several for christmas presents this years to give to all my friends . i mounted mine over the sink because that is where i do most of my slicing and dicing . it also keeps my knives sharper because you 're not sliding them in and out of the wood blocks . it even holds my knife sharpener
enough said . do n't put a frozen jar on the base and you wo n't have to replace the blade assembly . i am sure the owners manual says that someplace . my kitchen aid became unusable because replacement blades were not available 16 months after i purchased it . are n't you glad you could purchase the replacement part ? my story : my son put his leftover smoothie into the freezer , jar and all . the next day when he took the jar out of the freezer and put it on the kitchen aid blender , the motor broke the blade assembly . the motor base was still good and i liked the blender . kitchen aid changed their model and did n't make replacement parts . i think it is unreasonable for a manufacturer to not have replacement parts available after just 16 months . ( ... ) ! i ca n't say enough good things about the quality and ease of use of my cuisinart blender . the jar 's shape helps the food move and mix better than a round jar . the jar 's size is larger than any i have found . i pour from the corner of the jar if the mix is too thick to pour from the spout ( which i concede is a little wide ) . the weight keeps the blender in place . the shipping weight is around 15 lbs is that too heavy ? maybe you should skip the smoothies and switch to a muscle building drink . most every quality blender has weight to it . the plastic units are light and considered disposable . keep buying those $ 30 disposable blenders if you want , however i 'll keep my cuisinart ! the three year warranty and cuisinart 's backing keep us , the consumer , in parts when we do something stupid ( like putting the frozen smoothie mix on the blender and breaking the blade assembly ) . ( ... ) replacement blade assembly is cheaper than being forced to purchase a new blender ( kitchen aid ) . buy the cuisinart a great value for a quality product .
awesome garlic press for a great price . no need to peel garlic and it 's easy to clean
this is a great product , and you can get it , along with any other products on amazon up to $ 500 free ! participate in this special promotion and get a free $ 500 amazon gift card at this web site : stuffnocost.com/amazo
the clock is attractive , well-made , easy to mount and a good buy for the money
these knives are excellent quality . they hold an edge and are well balanced . this oxo set is a real bargain . other than a butcher knife , this set is all most households will ever need . it 's is a natural for a wedding gift
these are great beer mugs ! i ordered 4 sets of them for myself and 2 for my brother . the first thing i noticed when i received them was that they were thick and heavy . the bottom is n't completely solid , but has space for a small pocket of air when it 's sitting on the counter . it 's inconsequential though , because the glass in these mugs is as thick as you would want any of your thick glass beer mugs . when i saw how nice they were , i actually went back online and bought 2 more and their margarita set which was also rediculously cheap ( $ 15 for 6 glasses and a picher ) . i 've been recomending these mugs to all my friends that drink
it was just what i needed . i inherited the mixer but it did n't have the beater . so now i have one and it works perfectly
this size is perfect for actually using . it gets thrown into the dishwasher and gets used every day . love it
these dishes are beautiful and very nice quality , i will be buying more
firstly , i am into high quality at an affordable price , so i thank cuisanart for providing just that in all of their cookware . two-quarters are the most handy in my kitchen and at least one non-stick needs to be available . i use mine more and more just for the ease of clean-up . the interior finish seems durable and shows no signs of damage . i would expect it to last a very long time with reasonable care . the price is great for the quality ; you 'll be pleased with your purchase .
this scale has worked perfectly for me for the last year or so . it is very easy to use . it looks great and has a permanent place on our counter . i wish all consumer electronic products were designed and built to the same standards as this scale
theres not alot i can say about measuring spoons really . they are made to a high standard , durable , easy to clean and dishwasher safe . at this price i dont see why you would need to pay more for a set of measuring spoons unless it was for decorative reasons
the zyliss ice cream scoop cuts through the hardest ice cream , which means i no longer have to wait for hubby to get home to have a scoop !
listen to those other reviewers who have sung the praises of this scoop ! the zyliss scoop goes through cold ice cream very well and literally drops off the scoop into the bowl . well worth the money . how nice to have a tool that works well . like others , i 've tried many scoops that did not work - frustrating ! ! do yourself a favor : stop bending your soup spoons and get a zyliss ice cream scoop .
it works great , and it 's small ( 6 " high , 5 " diameter ) and easy to use . may require some experimentation to get times correct for your own microwave . for me : 7 minutes for soft , 8 min for medium , and 9-10 min for hard eggs on high power ( 700w microwave ) . it does get very hot , so you need to remove it from the microwave with a potholder or towel . i place the whole thing under the cold tap , then remove the top , and cool the eggs under running water for a minute before peeling
oxo designs great products and this is no exception . it does the job well and the ergonomics put it over the top . i just do n't understand how anyone could have a problem with this product -- it does exactly what it 's meant to do with ease . i liked it so much , i bought one for my aunt . before this , i made mashed potatoes with a masher ; the difference is unbelievable . i kept my masher because i 'm a southern girl and sometimes i want lumpy mashed potatoes . this is easy to clean -- throw it in the dishwasher
i ordered this when it way below thirty bucks ; a great deal for a workhorse of a fan . in the heat of the last month , it 's been going almost 24 hours a day , and it 's not slowed down or stopped yet . it 's a bit noisier than the vornado i have in the bedroom , but on the other hand , it 's a stronger fan . i watch television in the same room , and do n't have any problem , so unless you 're extremely sensitive to sound , it 's fine . be careful moving it around ; the " head " of the fan tends to come off the base if you are n't paying attention . it locks in place when you put it down , but moving it seems to make it " unlock . "
initially i was very surprised by how large the tools were . they are much bigger than any tool i 've bought previously . if you do n't have much space in the kitchen , i 'd think twice about buying these tools . however , after using them i think they are quite sturdy and useful . eventhough they are large , they are not heavy and sometimes there size is quite helpful . you can pick up a whole fried egg with the spatula , for example . i am happy with my purchace , because the price was good
i 've been cooking aebleskivers for several years in an excellent no-name cast iron pan that i bought in solvang ten years ago . it is very well broken in with a smooth non-stick patina in all seven indents . i want to teach my sons how to cook aebleskivers themselves because they will be out on their own soon , and it never hurts to be able to attract a woman who loves danish delicacies ! therefore , i have been looking to buy some additional aebleskiver pans and i was excited to see this new pan from lodge , so i ordered one to give it a try . i like the design a lot and am impressed with how it heats up quickly and holds it 's temperature nicely . the first batch of aebleskivers had some sticking , but i expected that . i will need to use it a lot more before it has the same non-stick surfaces as my old pan ( no , it 's not for sale ! ) , but i can tell that this pan will get there with use . by the way , i 've found that there are many recipes for aebleskivers and several different techniques for cooking them . i 'm sure that they all will work well with some practice , but i 'll describe the one that i 've settled on , because it is so easy :  heat the pan at a medium-low setting . take about two cups of prepared pancake mix ( i use krusteaz buttermilk ) and add a couple of teaspoons of sugar . mix it in and stir in enough cold water to make the consistency about the same as you would for drop bisquits . do n't overmix it and let it sit for awhile to rise a bit before you cook it . put a little butter or margerine in each indent and add about a teaspoonful of batter to each indent ( if you 're new to aebleskivers , i recommend trying only three at once . ) i then drizzle a little butter on the edges of each indent . after about a minute , i use a knitting needle ( or chopstick ) to turn each aebleskiver one quarter turn . i add a little more butter and then turn them so the round side is up . i keep turning them with a spoon until they 're done . ( you 'll just have to break one of them open to check , because it 's dependent on your batter and temperature . )  once you get it down ( usually after a few rejects ) , serve them in threes on a small plate with thinned out raspberry jam and powdered sugar . once you eat them , you 'll understand why people go through all this just to make a pancake that looks like a racquetball !
i 've had this can opener 4 more than 5 years & have never had a problem ! ! ! i even let my 4-year old niece use it when she stays with me & helps me cook . never have 2 worry about anything with this one
this is a wonderful can opener ! ! ! i would n't have any other . the trick to having perfectly cut edges is to let the can spin around twice . i hold onto the can so that when it starts making its second round , i tighten my grip a little and the moment the lid comes lose it starts spinning . i have noticed that if i buy the dirt cheap , no name vegetables at the dollar store , the opener has difficulty . i guess one should blame the can and not the opener . it is a small price to pay for having such a safe appliance around . but then my opener is a couple years old so maybe my blade is just wearing out.. . if there is no replacement blade , you can bet i will buy another can opener just like this , and if i have to , on ebay ! i am sure this new technology has saved more than one lost or stray animal digging at the landfill or in the alley for a morsel of food . i just could n't bear the thought of someone 's lost puppy or an abandoned cat getting his tongue cut . those old can openers are just plain dangerous . call me a bleeding heart but it matters . it 's not like my own pet could n't knock the trash over when i 'm gone and end up cutting themselves on one of those old fashioned , razor sharp lids . there are both elderly and child relatives in my house all the time and i just do n't feel safe with those old tin cutters around . all it takes is a little patience with new technology and using this can opener on more than just a couple cans to get the hang of it . there is no need to slam this appliance on the counter or floor . that 's rediculous . as far as oversized cans , that 's not what this was made for .
i have to admit that i was surprised when the rolling pin arrived . i 'm used to oxo quality , but this is over the top . it is a big rolling pin , with an ideal diameter . it is also heavy . it 's heft helps keep it where it belongs , instead of bouncing around on the dough and making you work harder . it has a strong axle , which glides remarkably smoothly , even when the pressure is on . the hard non stick surface works very well , and does not pick up butter grease like some other coatings . the handles are simply the best i have have encountered . this is a very well designed kitchen tool that fully lives up to the &quot ; good grips&quot ; promise of quality
i had seen my japanese coworkers carry this thing to work . it 's a great lunch bag ! beats brown bagging , because hot foods stay hot , and cold foods stay cold . i finally bought one because of the ease of use , did n't want to keep paying $ $ $ for hot lunches , and i can always bring my favorite foods . the bottom container is the only leakproof container . ( that is my only gripe . ) i usually put soup in here . the other containers will hold things without sauces very well . it 's great because it allows for a large variety of foods ( better nutrition ) . i have used bento lunch boxes since i was kid , and this is the best for adults . i like asian food , and this type of lunch box accomodates the best . if you want to fill hot food , then pour in hot water in the containers for 10 minutes , let it get warm . pour out the water , dry . then fill . if you want ice cold food , put in freezer for 10 minutes , then put food in . they also make bigger versions for larger appetites and another smaller one for small appetites . they really do stay hot . once i had to take a very late lunch , i packed it at 7am , and at 2 : 30pm the food was still hot . no more waiting in line to microwave your lunch ! ! !
they are working well so far . they stain a little when grease gets on them
this makes baking so much easier , things just pop right out . the light weight and noiselessness of the product make this a real winner . baking just keeps getting easier and easier . i have replaced all my bakeware possible with these silicone bakeware items . i love them
when i decided to buy this oven , i was not even looking to buy a convection toaster oven . i stumbled across this item looking for cookware . i read all the reviews , thought about it a few days and then decided to just buy it . boy , am i glad that i did ! ! ! and so is my family . the day we received it , i cooked muffins for my daughter and her friend for a snack . extremely easy . all i needed was six muffins and the oven did just that for me . since then , we have cooked more muffins , a meatloaf , bacon , toast , english muffins , chicken strips , waffles and bratwurst . my kitchen does n't heat up like when i use my regular oven and the food has turned out better than when cooked in the regular oven . it was so easy for my husband to use this also while i was shopping and i just gave him a 15 second class before i left . i did n't notice any smoking when cooking meat or any of the other foods . this is my first convection toaster oven , which has replaced the microwave and toaster , and i can assure you we expect to use this oven alot . i love the design , the warming tray does just that , even when you have something else cooking you can throw buns or anything else up top to keep warm . it 's great ! the oven is big enough to cook meatloaf or chicken breasts and yet is not so monstrous that you lose your entire counter for one appliance . i would recommend this to anyone . what a great idea for the kitchen
very good buy for $ 85 + free ship . bought this one to replace a smaller black & decker toaster oven that served us very well over 5-6 years until controls gave out ( the b&d still works , just have to keep the button pressed in ) . i looked at reviews of several toaster ovens before purchasing the t-fal . the less expensive ones ( $ 25- $ 40 ) were getting dinged because of occasional mentions of overheating or fire risk . not worth the chance . i also wanted something as small as possible because we have little counter space in our 10 ' x 10 ' kitchen , so a more expensive one was not an option . the t-fal gave dimensions on amazon & it was 3 inch wider , deeper , taller than our b&d . no big deal - wrong . it was bigger than i thought when i put it on the counter , looked like a monster compared to the b&d . also , i could not open the top warmer lid to the point it stays open . this because of height restrictions -- bottom of my kitchen cabinet is at about 54 - 60 inches . i can open the top , but i need to hold it open . my fault , not the product or mfr . but be aware that size matters in a small kitchen . the function buttons are very simple , nothing complicated - one button for toast , one for bake , another for broil . you can set how long it stays on , and it beeps ( electronically ) three times when it shuts off . there is a clock , but it could be easier to set . i mainly use it to toast bread , bagels , sandwiches and to bake small pizzas ( sauce with cheese on a pita - easy ) . the toast function takes longer than the old b&d ( about 4.5 vs 2 minutes ) , but thats ok by me . the bake function works very well , i prefer it muchly over starting the oven to bake something small . clean-up is a snap with a removeable crumb tray , glass doors and non-stick surfaces . negatives : you can pull the rack out about 30-40 percent before it tips forward and burns you . it 's controllable , not a big deal , unless you do n't know about it . i did know thanks to previous reviews and i was prepared for it . the fan was louder than i expected ( i expected no noise since the b&d has no fan ) . but it is a soft sound , lower than my computer fan and only on during cooking . overall , it 's a well built , well-designed machine .
overall this is a fine scale . one " convenient " feature is an auto zero function . if the scale has been tared and the tare weight removed , rather than displaying a negative weight , the scale automatically re-zeros . this may be handy most of the time , but sometimes it 's a pain . with my old scale , i could tare a partially filled bowl , remove the bowl from the scale , add more goodies , and place it back on the scale to determine the weight of the additional material . that does n't work with this scale--it rezeros when a tared weight is removed
i hope these things are airtight because i just bought my fourth set . i do n't buy the freezer storage containers because i own these . they can be used in cooking and freezing so i save on pricey disposable freezer bags . the little ones i use to store one package each of corn starch , yeast , baking powder , baking soda , three hamburger patties and to prepare , freeze and bake individual sized servings of salmon fillets . the medium ones and the large ones are for leftovers , soup fixings , freezer meals , steaming chicken , fruit salad et al . i 'm ten percent tempted to try out the rectangular ones because some foods i do n't want to freeze in a stack but i do n't think i would get as much use out of them as i do these round ones . i really would like to buy a fifth set but i wo n't . i rarely have more than one or two empty ones to spare . these get used all the time . i really did n't like using plastic wrap or aluminum foil to refrigerate food . these lids are more secure and therefore i am less stressed
it does the job , cook my sushi rice perfectly and no burn . so much better than my old black and decker
i could n't be more satisfied if my stock pot had cost 10 times as much
the aerobed premier raised queen sized bed is a godsend . due to a disability , i needed a raised bed that would allow me the convenience of a somewhat normal height bed , so my husband & i could camp with other family members at a recent family reunion . the aerobed premier raised not only afforded me that ability , but also provided a surprisingly comfortable night 's sleep as well . the bed is made of the highest quality material , and did not lose any air . i needed a dependable product , as i would not have tried this with a cheap airbed . i got all that i wanted in purchasing the aerobed premier raised queen sized bed , plus i now have a comfortable extra bed for overnight guests .
although it 's a 'chicken fryer ' , i use it to pan-fry everything , and it works amazing ! the depth of the pan allows larger amount of food inside , being stirred without spilling out . and the smaller diameter helps to concentrate heat in the pan . the nonstick feature truly works , nothing sticks to the pan , even the thick starch
definitely a nice knife . i really like the unibody and the blade is very sharp . clean cutting knife
i love these little clips . they are small in size and useful for hanging a shopping list , a note , and things of this sort . their magnets are strong and colors quite pleasant to look at .
i got this blender some years ago , i do n't even remember how long , because of the price . then my finances got better and promised to myself once it broke i would change it for a nice new chrome steel model... but the friggin ' thing keeps on going and going , so , i 'm stuck with it until who knows when .
the polder 5416-97 essential dual leg ironing board is easy to lift and to fold . it stores neatly in small spaces . it 's sturdy and will last a long time . the cover and pad is very colorful
this is the simplest , but one of the best kitchen must haves i have purchased in a long time . the peel is whisked of the garlic in seconds . easy to clean , easy to store . no more garlic hands
i am using this pad on a aerobed , so this wont be a good review for a person using it on a full sized mattress ( i do n't know if it will fit , it looks like it will but i have n't tried it ) . however , i can tell you that this is a durable mattress pad . it went camping with us without a problem . and it washes easily . those are important factors to consider
love the pan , the center is so cool , because you can tell when the product is pre-heated.....the center changes and it is so great . the pan is almost too big , but it is perfect for everything i can possibly cook in it
this pan suited my needs exactly . it 's handle is comfortable to hold and it has nice even heat distribution . the handle and the curve of the outside edge make flipping food quite easy
these are the best ones i have seen so far . you 'll love the martini design ! a great bargain
i recently broke two of my favorite pieces of corelle baking and serving dishes . i looked on several sites and it seemed all i could find was the handleless french style corningware , which i have and find hard to use due to being without handles . this bakeware has great handles and i love it . i love the chutney on the side , i compared this price with ordering just two piece of the same thing in abundance design and the oblong baking dish separate and it was $ 10.00 more without the ramkins . this was a better value
i like the pistoulet dinnerware and specially the bread plates . but after some dishwasher , the paint begin to peel off . at least , i got a excellent customer service from pfaltzgraff and they have exchanged the product . good advice , dont place them in the dishwasher
i am an avid baker . sometimes you need to whip up your egg whites to fold in later . having an extra bowl makes this so much easier than transferring to a different type bowl . or maybe you are making christmas cookies - you can have one batter chilling in the fridge while you are mixing another one . it 's well worth the money
i bought this scale back in jan or feb . i needed one and after looking around for a while found that i liked this one the best because of its easy to read decimile display- pounds on one side , ounces ( down to the tenth ) on the other side . the lb/k switch is located on the bottom side of the unit and i do n't find it inconvient down there . this scale also has a auto shutoff feature that helps save your batteries but has never shut off while i 'm in the middle of measuring . because of previous complaints to that effect when i first got mine i timed how long it would stay on ending up with close to 2.5 min before it did . i also love the look of the scale it is sleek and stylish , very clean lines and is easy to clean too , just a quick wipe down and i 'm done . as a note to alton brown fans this is his scale of choice on good eats . the price tag may have you shying away but i assure you that its worth every penny . i would not trade mine for anything !
i do a lot of stir frying , using one pan to do many dishes . as a result i needed a pan that had non-stick quality for quick and easy cleaning and one that could take high heat from my professional stovetop . when pan and oil are heated to the right temperature the interior 18/10 stainless steel surface behaved as if it were nonstick . the heat was evenly conducted bottom through the sides , this due to the aluminium core sandwich being continuous from the bottom up the sides . the sides are high enough to not have food spill out in the process of vigourous stir frying . the height is also good for small item deep frying . the steep sloping of the sides enabled food to rotate well , falling back easily into the pan . quality pans tend to be heavy , all clad without exception but this size is perfectly manageable for tossing ingredients if need to . it also cooks a generous portion for one to two persons . all types ( including metal ) of utensils can be used with it . this is a solid , handsome and versatile pan with wonderful easy care and use . it is a total joy to cook with and one that gives you confidence that it will last a long , long time
i first would like to say that if you are the occasional esspresso drinker , then this machine is to costly to use every once in a while go with a cheaper brand . now for the rest of you that are die hard esspresso drinkers this is the machine for you . i moved from ak to ny a few months ago , while i lived in ak ( alaska ) there were coffe shops on every corner , to say the least i was addicted to mochas , and moving to ny they are few and far between . i was going into withdrawl . after doing some research i found this great machine . i wanted to use it for a while before writing a review about it . i love this machine . this machine is fast and the esspresso is great . i am a fan of regular esspresso as well and it comes out at a consistanly high quality , the crema is perfect , however i found if you are using the single shot it does n't come out that great so always use the double shot . the machine heats up quickly and everything is provided for you , two cups , two saucers , a pitcher and a frothing attachment . i can see that this machine will pay for itself withing no time . i have owned cheaper models in the past and you can really tell the difference in the quality of the esspresso . i have not used the pod attachment so i ca n't comment on that . if you buy the machine in my opinion you wont be disappointed
this timer screams quality ! lovely , easy-to-use , and a great shriek to it . ( you 'll def hear it while in another part of the house ! ) one of its best features is that you can set the time just by tapping the particular numbers of the time needed . the best timer i 've ever used or seen . i got two ! : )
i find this iron very easy to use . the multiple steam holes makes ironing easier and faster . i have a small problem with it spitting water . i have tried using 1/2 tap and 1/2 spring water and i have tried adjusting the steam flow , but it still tends to spit . overall , i am very pleased with this iron .
this is a great iron . it 's quite heavy , but i like that . it really gets out the wrinkles . i do n't even mind ironing any more
good knife , sharp , cuts well . however , i 'm partial to the kitcheaid chef 's knife .
i adore my emile henry pie dish . it was my first piece of emile henry and worth every cent . the dish is beautiful and durable . it cleans up nicely , you do n't have to worry about scratching and sticking is not a problem . i baked stuffed sole in it tonight and the results were wonderful . evenly cooked , no sticking , no burning . for special occasion pies it is a huge asset . bringing a homemade apple pie to the table in a classic dish definitely ups the wow factor . in addition to the presentation value it bakes like a dream . crisp , even , golden crusts and bubbly filling . its also great with egg dishes like quiche that require very even heating for best results . even if you are only the occasional baker you wo n't result splurging on an heirloom pie dish .
it vacuums dog hair like nothing else i 've used but you have to clean it every other time you use it . the cord could use 10 ' or so in additional length . the handle retracts nicely and it 's light weight makes it easy to move around . i think the thing i like about it the most is the narrow suction strip or whatever it 's called . i think the high power motor coupled with the narrow strip equates to superior suction but a little more time in use . this vacuum is totally worth the $ 60
i am really pleased with this purchase . this cookware far exceeded my expectations . it 's heavyweight but not too heavy . i just love the cool touch handles . i would recommend this set very highly . if you cook alot like i do you will be more than happy with this set .
i have been very happy with this cookware . it is very well made , heavy and sturdy . this is the most expensive set i have ever bought , and the difference is stunning . the pans heat very quickly and get much hotter than my old pans . i have had to change my cooking style to accommodate the better pans . i like being able to put them in the oven and not worrying about caring for a ( possibly ) toxic non-stick coating . well worth the money
i have n't had a chance to use them yet as the holidays are just approaching , but they look good and sturdy . if the cheesecakes come out well , i 'll know then , but so far , so good . they delivered on time too .
farberware 18/10 stainless steel cookware is a good line . i had this cookware at one time , and i can recommend it , especially for use on gas burners . unlike calphalon cookware , it can go in the dishwasher . however , to keep the finish gleaming , you might need to scrub the pots and pans frequently with cleanser and scouring pads . the 8-quart stockpot with lid is a kitchen essential
so far this has been a great product . i 've had it for about a year and a half and have used it almost every day to hold boiling water for making tea . so far it has held up great . this carafe keeps the water near boiling for at least 5 hours . when i leave the water in it for 24 hours , the water is still warm enough for me to make tea with it . i have never used this item to store anything else other than water ; but in theory , you should be able to make tea or coffe the night before and still have it hot in the morning 6 to 8 hours later , assuming the liquid is boiling when you pour it in . some of the heat from the water is lost from the initial contact with the carafe , so the liquid you store will always be a little cooler than its intial temperature .
we received another set for our wedding , but i am considering taking it back to macy 's where this calphalon 10 piece set was on sale for $ 399.00 this weekend . same set , same pieces ! ! i ca n't believe it . these pans feel great are durable but wo n't weigh you down while you are cooking--the analon advanced brand i got is so heavy ! ! yesterday , i paid $ 99.99 for just the 12 inch calphalon fry pan and i feel it was worth it given how much i have used the 10 inch so far . these are the only two pieces i have from this calphalon collection so far , but i want more . oh and although they say not to use this particular nonstick line in the dishwasher , you 'd be totally lazy if you had too because cleanup is so easy with these ! ! it 's amazing
saeco is great full automatic esspreso cafe maker,with buildin grinder and automatic disposal best in class for pric
for years we have used the mr. coffee iced tea makers and have purchased two of them . this time around we chose to get the hamilton beach 40911 2-qt iced tea maker . even though i/we have n't used the feature that allows you to place loose tea in the basket for brewing we totally like the hamilton beach method of brewing tea over the mr. coffee . first of all the taste ( using luzianne family tea bags was superior to any tea we ever brewed using the mr. coffee makers . also one very large drawback with the mr. coffee maker is that the basket , for the bags , sets inside the reservoir and maker and most every time you brew a pitcher and remove the basket you have leakage of tea down in the makers bottom which over time makes for a very ugly looking reservoir , where you put your clean water to brew your next pitcher . because hamilton beach placed the basket directly inside the pitcher itself there is never any tea that finds its way into the bottom of the tea maker . also due to ridges in the bottom of the mr. coffee maker it 's usually almost impossible to totally clean the pitcher and restore it back to the clean condition at the time you first used it . this feature alone makes the hamilton beach a better buy over the mr. coffee but i thought , before my purchase , that surely the two would make equivalent tasting tea but using both lipton and luzianne family tea bags the hamilton beach not only brews the tea faster but the taste is better . on the mr. coffee the strength of the tea is controlled by a sliding knob on the front of the maker whereas with the hamilton beach it is three rigid clicks of control on the bottom of the basket ( mild , medium , strong ) , we usually use medium . we enjoy " sweet-tea " being from the south and anyone that makes good sweet tea knows you sweeten it while it 's hot at the time of brewing . our method is to first fill the pitcher to the line and fill the reservoir and refill the pitcher to the same water level and then add 2 1/4 to 2 1/2 cups of sugar and stir with a whisk until very well mixed . once the tea is brewed you have to stir the tea again but you get perfect sweet tea every-time . if you enjoy tea , even if you never considered an electric tea maker , the hamilton beach will be one purchase decision you will not regret . having two mr. coffee makers before this hamilton beach i do n't see myself ever purchasing another mr. coffee unless they make many changes to their product and even then taste is the final decision maker . i highly recommend the hamilton beach model and would gladly buy it again even if it was higher priced than the mr. coffee , it 's totally worth it
i am very impressed with this set . the pans are of heavy guage steel and have rolled edges . i had 3 pounds of chicken on the cookie sheet and with a one handed lift the pan did not flex as my other pans did , again heavy guage steel . the handles and the nonstick surface have had no problems at 450 degrees . other brands that i have used deteriorate rapidly at 400 degrees or above . keep in mind i am not a cook and by my very method of cooking ( set oven to high and wait til you smell something burning ) i am very hard on pans of any kind . a very high quality product that i would have gladly paid 50 bucks for . by the way , the cooling rack is nonstick as well .
very smooth operation . my complaint is that i have already spotted a bit of rust , but careful washing and drying should alleviate the problem
i needed a set of knives like yesterday i had a [ ... ] set of chicago cutlery knives they lasted 2 years the blades chipped and resharpen them were impossible because of the chipping , the handles faded and they had rust spots and i am not hard on knives i even hand washed them most of the time . so i bought these knives because they were henckles and the never needed sharpening . i have had them 3 months they are perfect for me . they are made in china . 3 of the knives got rust spots after 2 washing i called the company and they ask me to return the defectived knives and they replaced them in a very timely manner . so for 49.99 i have knives that look great work great and if there is any problem the company will replace them . so you ca n't go wrong
calling it short is a misnomer - it 's not that short - it 's an average size . it has a rather bulky handle that is comfortable to hold but difficult to store . the turner itself is a little on the thick side so lighter foods do n't always want to cooperate but i 'm pleased with it . i would n't buy a matching spoon becuase of the bulky handle - takes up too much room in my drawer
with the advent of fancy featured coffee makers this is the right coffee maker for us . we like to brew 1 large mug of coffee at a time so we have fresh tasting coffee . most models now have a carafe with the stop brew feature so you can pour out a cup while it is brewing . but you must use their carafe . with this maker you can use your own mug . and if the carafe breaks ( and it costs as much as the maker to replace sometimes ) you can still use the maker with the mug or other container . i sometimes use a stainless steel pitcher . sure this maker is n't fancy , but i just want a simple cup of coffee and this maker does it with an appliance that does n't take up lots of counter space . i have n't had any problems with messes or clean up with this maker
we bought this sweeper instead of the dyson , because con . report had it rated higher . we paid a lot less and we are very happy with this product
i 've had lots of coffemakers over the years , and always had a problem pouring the coffee into a cup . it ran over the side and made a mess , unless you poured it very slowly . i saw this model a few years ago and decided to try it . it is great . i will never own anything else . i have been looking for one to replace my old one , only because the heating element is dirty/rusty looking ( my wife does n't like it ) . in fact i 'm going to buy one right now on amazon , as i 've looked at a few stores and the new black and decker models i have seen,do n't have the dripless pouring spout
this coffee maker is so simple to use any husband can do it ! and , it makes a mighty fine cup of joe at that ! shipping was free , and it arrived in perfect shape in a timely matter . highly recommended
these oval dishes are just the right size for sides , and they stay warm a very long time besides looking great . i have served mashed potatoes , sweet potatoes , all kinds of squash and even bay and sea scallops ; everything looks better in these . also bought several for my children . a fine addition to your le creuset collection
what can you say about a blender ? pros : easy to clean , attractive , very powerful cons : loud . the lid does n't fit well
this model is an improvement over the older pot shape . it is easier to clean and use . i wish it was available in local stores . i had to order it online which means extra for shipping
this is a fantastic idea for teaballs . sleek and stylish , this set is also practical . the two teaballs are spring-loaded , and perfectly sized for a single cup of tea . simply press the plunger , then stir the ball around in your loose tea container . lift it out of the tea and shake the excess out to level the tea . let go of the plunger , and the teaball closes securely . the long stem on the balls allow you to take the ball out of your cup ( or stir the tea as it 's brewing , if that 's your preference ) without having to lift a hot chain off of the side of your cup of hot water . prior to this purchase , we used a tea 'spoon ' , which also spring-loaded shut . the problem with the spoon is that to fill it with tea , you have to hold it vertically in the container , which means you have few options - either close the spoon while the tea is still sticking out the sides , and fill your cup with loose tea , or try to shake the extra tea out after you pull the spoon of the container , and get tea all over your counter . because of these teaballs ' design , they do n't share that problem . the tower has one interesting feature , but some shortcomings . the good design is that below where each teaball hangs , there is a significant 'bowl ' to catch any tea that might still be dripping . this has proven to be a very handy feature . the tower itself is n't very mobile , however . due to how the hooks hold the teaball stems , it is seemingly impossible to move without one of the balls falling out . also , when i got mine , the tower was visibly crooked , and i had to bend it back straight . that worked for me , but was quite hard , and i was worried i 'd break it . oh , cleanup - cleanup is much easier than with the aforementioned spoon . the spoon hinges so that there is little clearance at the back of the utensil for washing out . these balls do n't share that problem at all . the plunger gives more than adequate clearance to simply turn the ball sideways and wash it out in the sink ( just make sure your sink 's filter is in ! )  all in all , i 'm pleased with the purchase . it 's such a fantastic idea that a few shortcomings do n't significantly mar how well the product works
i love these oven mitts . they have a magnet in them so you can stack them one on top of the other and stick them to your oven or refrigerator , or other metal surface . they are not as cumbersome as the really long , heavily molded ones . i bought them for all of my grown children and they all love them too .
i have been using the coffee maker for over 3 months now , and i love it ! i like that i can use either the caraffe or the travel mugs .
i have had this for almost a year , and for the money i can not recommend a better product . i would buy another
in my opinion :  well , i ordered two of these , one for my daughter . since i had two , guess what i did ? you 're right - i tested both on the same hot and cold materials to see how close they read . well , they were within 1/2 degree f. of each other , which in a laboratory is sloppy , but for cooking food , it 's darn accurate . i have several oven thermometers , you know , the mechanical ones , and i use this unit to see how accurate they are . also , i wanted a thermometer to be able to check the temperature of thinner foods , such as a hamburger , chicken patty , chicken breasts . now , as you know , when you check the temperature of these items , you want a really quick reading , because your hand is close to the heat . well , it 's not as quick as advertised . it will take about 8 to 10 seconds to get a good reading , but that 's not terribly long . make sure you slide the temp probe through the handle so that your hand can be even further away from the fire . next , it can be calibrated , so i put it up against a $ 400 fluke meter , and it came within .8 degrees f , so i would consider it within specs . for food preparation , the difference would have no meaning . finally , it seems to be holding up well against accidental drops and getting slightly wet . i 've bought others , including those ridiculous forks with the built-in thermometers , but this unit is the best
when i ordered this saucepan , i did n't realize how high the quality would be . when i opened the box and first lifted the saucepan , i was immediately impressed with the weight and quality . each time that i use this pan to heat up foods , i am constantly surprised at how much less time it takes for those foods to cook . water boils very quickly . lastly , the engraved measuring lines for liquids are extremely helpful . all in all , the best saucepan that i 've owned
i really like the hampers . they do n't take up a lot of floor space and with three , i can separate the laundry . the handles make it easy to move them . they are a little deeper than my arms are long ( i 'm short ) but i can tilt them to empty them . would have liked having an assortment of colors to choose from
my boyfriend and i live in a two room apartment . there is not a lot of storage space . i ordered two of these hampers and the first one just came . i put his clothes in and he still has half of the hamper left . i am so glad to get something that is sturdy and large now we will have a place to put our clothes .
the most important quality of this tea pot is that it pours well ; it does not drip nor does the water overflow the spout when filling the pot . i am very happy with my purchase
these sheets feel like you want them too . heavy and soft . worth every penny . this is the second time i 've bought them from amazon i ca n't see any reason to buy any other kind
i just recently purchased this little knife set at a local department store and paid $ 10.00 for the set . i love these things ! at amazon 's price of $ 3.99 i added a second set to another order and i am eagerly awaiting their arrival . i would recommend these knives to anyone . they are such a good deal , in my opinion
the vacu vin wine saver works great , it keeps wine fresh in the refrigerator for weeks . also it is very easy to use
this is the only grill i 've ever had , so i guess i ca n't compare it to others , but for me this grill has been just great . it is super easy to use and clean . it has given me no problems at all . i recommend it
have to say " ditto " to all the reviewers below--i owned another brand before but it was n't nearly as powerful . at least one reviewer expresses concern about keeping the blades clean , so i must note that the instructions indicate everything but the motor housing--which detaches from the blade element--can go in the dishwasher !
i 'm sticking with the lighter colors due to scratching . my persimmon 16 piece setting arrived with two dinner plates scratched . i think next time i 'll order them as individual place settings as they were n't packed well . amazon will give me a 20 % discount for keeping them .
this is my favorite knife . it cuts very nicely and has a great feel . mine is still sharp after 2 years of use
i bought this egg cooker as a gift for my son , but i have used it and really like it . it soft boiled the eggs perfectly and is also very convenient to clean . the timer is also loud enough to hear
had this oven for about a month now , and very satisfied . nice brushed stainless steel finish , solid construction . was a bit larger than i anticipated , but still fits nicely on my countertop . the controls could be a bit more elegantly designed , but overall very pleased with this oven . my favorite thing about it is how fast it cooks and toasts
this cake form is phenominal ! after spaying it with the flour/butter pam , my cakes are flawless . i have never been disappointed with how my cakes have turned out with this pan . not one corner of the pattern was soft . every detail comes out crisp and so very clean . i have bought other pans from this maker and only have good things to say about them
i love this pan . it 's a 10 + in my eyes . when it arrived i washed it with mild soap and water . dried it , sprayed cooking spray and filled it with my cake batter and popped it in the preheated oven . 37 minutes later a gorgeous cake was baked . i turned the pan over on a wire rack and my cake fell right out without one crumb stuck in the pan . i 'm going to give this pan as gifts in the future . this cake design is especially lovely when you dust the cake with powdered sugar and cinnamon............. .
i used la cloche to make bread with , specifically san francisco sourdough , with spectacular results . the crust was crisp but chewey , and i could not imagine baking another loaf without it . but after i used it the first time , the bottom developed a crack . after a second use , the crack became so large that i will not use it again for fear it will break during cooking . i called sassafras enterprises ( 800.537.4941 ) , and for $ 8.00 to cover shipping/handling they are sending out a replacement bottom . their customer service was outstanding , and i feel they build a quality product . i also purchased the rectangular version of la cloche , and i have not had an issue . perhaps our la cloche was damaged during shipping . i would have rated it 5 stars otherwise
i love to bake . i really love to bake bread . my specialty is sourdough . so now i have 3 strikes against me , that is , until i found la cloche . although it can be used to cook meats , i personally only use it for bread . la cloche turns your regular oven into a brick oven , and the quality of your bread will amaze you . it browns beautifully , has a crispy , chewy crust that seems to carmelize the sugars in the crust differently . there is no need to spray water or create steam in the oven , because the steam is created inside la cloche by the bread itself . so actually bread making is more simple and safe because you are not spraying water into a 500 degree oven . there are 2 shapes , a french bread style and round oven hearth style . i have both and pop them into the oven at the same time , so i am baking 2 loaves of bread at once , which is a little more economical . truly , i wish i had this from the beginning of my baking attempts . if you are a baker or love one , go ahead and spring for it . you will never regret this kitchen tool . all my other bread pans are now unused
first of all , they are n't really intended for the novice user , but they are perfect for the long run . the wooden ones will rot before you ever get skilled with them , but these stainless steel ones will take a licking and keep on picking . one thing the description does n't say , is that they are made to be used as chopsticks and they can really function like them . maybe on the descriptions from before they said they are slippery and they do n't have any grip . i never had any problem with that depending on what i tried to grab . i was able to grab chopped steaks and even some vegetables with these utensils , though i have n't tried noodles yet . another thing i need to point out that the description does n't . these utensils are n't round . the handles are square , as the points are rounded . the tips are blunted so grabbing things becomes awkward until you learn to get " around " the item you want to pick up . if you know how to use chopsticks and pick up things with them , you 'll only have a very slight adjustment to make with these . all in all , for their originality and how they are made , i give them a four and a half out of five . if you wanted chopsticks to replace fickle and often unwashable wooden ones , these are the kind you want to get , definately
my mother is korean and so i grew up using stainless steel chopsticks . apparently they 're quite popular in korean households...as well as stainless steel rice bowls . you might have seen them , the ones with the stainless lids ? anyway . these are just like the ones i grew up using . there are some drawbacks ( like the noodle comment made earlier ) but it 's not a product flaw . yes , wooden chopsticks are going to grip better , but they also tend to mildew if used repeatedly and have to be restocked . lacquer coated wooden chopsticks tend to flake after a while . and besides , when eating asian food you do n't really pick up individual noodles ( which would have you slipping and sliding ) . you sorta grab a large portion and bring your face close to the bowl and slurp them down . i think the japanese actually bring the bowl to their face instead . trust me...it all goes where it needs to . the main thing is getting use to their diameter . these are much more slender than the wooden chopsticks you see in restaurants . not for the novice chopsticker
i have this and mini-pans and muffin pans - all silicone . they are great . the biggest problem is that the bread tends to expand the sides of the soft pan so the sides are a bit wider . i never oil the pans and the bread pops out easily . the muffins too ususally since the recipe often has oil in it . great product . never noticed any odd taste/smell
a wonderful product . everything cooks very evenly . no sticking . so easy to wash and store also
i 've had this model of the shark for a couple of months now and it is working great . it has a powerful suction compared to my duster buster . i have had no problems with the battery so far and it seems to last the adertised 15 minutes . i too concerned over the hepa filters . you can do a decent job cleaning it and i plan to clean it well with my shopvac to extend the life . the vacuum and accessories fit nicely into the stand . i would definitely recommend this product for quick vaccums around the house and in the car
my husband drinks coffee continuously . whenever we are in the car , i 'm always after him not to spill his coffee and i constantly have to clean up the inevitable spills . we could never find a good cup that would fit in the cup holder so the spills were always on the floor or in his lap . this cup does spill if it 's tipped over ( i do n't think any cup will ever be completely spill proof ) but it fits in the cup holder and therefore does n't spill as easily . i bought two , one for him and one for me ( i drink ice water and tea ) and they both fit together nicely side-by-side in our cars cup holder . they keep hot drinks hot and cold drinks cold for long periods of time . i have purchased loads of cups over the 34 years of our marriage and this has to be the best by far . i would highly recommend this item for everyone !
i really wanted a 5-quart pot and would n't want to spend a lot of $ $ $ . this turned out to be a great buy . it is a very good quality product . the non-stick surface seems very well coated . it 's very versatile for us ( a family of 4 ) . i am very pleased and satisfied with the product
its a traditional serveware for serving the soup course the color of the tureen set allows it to be used with many of the dinnerwares &amp ; the size is adequate to serve at least 8-10 people.the under plate is something not found with usual tureen sets which gives it an elegant look but it appears a little overpriced
i used metal muffin pans before , the muffins will never come out without the help of a knife , even the pan was sprayed . on the other side , i am very satisfied with the kitchenaid product , becuase beautiful muffins come right out , when turn the pan unside down ( need to apply cooking spray before baking ) . yes , it did have some plastic smell during baking for the first couple times . after that , no smell at all . i chose not to pay $ 5 extra for the rack , still it works well with a cookie tray . the only negative comment is the unerasble marks left by grease ( oil/cooking spray ) on the surface . i am not complaining about it , as it states clearly in the instructions , and it does not affect baking . overall , i am very satisfied with this product , and i will buy more for my new kitchen .
i 've had my keurig for about two months now and absolutely love it . it makes wonderful tasting coffee in 30 seconds or so . it was well worth the extra money
i ordered these just to make my $ 25 . i 'm sure they are well worth the price i paid , would be ideal for a one/two person family . i will use them for gifts
this is the best blender i have ever used . it grinds indian style batter real good . it grabs and churns the mixture quickly . i am using it for the past 5 months , and there has been no problems with it . the jar is plastic and easy to handle and clean .
this is the best steam cleaner it really gets your carpets looking like new again and i was very surprised that it worked great on old stains as well . i love the attachments for the furniture as a pet owner the attachments and the cleaner work wonders . i especially like the turbo surge button this works for the high traffic areas and i have 2 dogs that like to roll around the carpet to itch there backs and these spots get dirter,so this feature works great for cleaning the deep down areas , makes my carpet 's look new again ! this is also easy to use to fill the water and empty it too , i am very mechianically not smart but this is soooo easy to figure and and use it is a breeze ! i love my cleaner .
how many men do you know who rave about irons ? let me tell you this iron is a great buy . ironing has become a breeze with this product instead of a dreadful hassle . i iron my shirts every day before work and it shows . ironing was never been my favorite pastitme but now i actually set up time in my day just to use this product ! this iron makes every shirt look like i just picked it up from the dry cleaners with its easy to use steam function . you ca n't beat the price too
they are very big , the spoons are very uncomfortable to use , they should have been smaller . and a better grip
i have several of these pieces in various sizes and colors . i cook and serve in them all and they clean up beautifully . i highly recommend them
i splurged and bought this product for my espressos in the morning . i bought the pint sized model for $ 35.00 . ( you use one charger each time you open the container up . so if you get the half pint size you will need to stock up on chargers . )  i ca n't believe how long cream lasts in this thing . i had cream in it for almost two weeks and it was still fresh ! the canned whip cream you buy in the store is too sweet for me , so i just put a little bit of torino caramel syrup in with the cream to flavor it . i use it when company comes over for coffee , pie , etc . why did n't i buy one of these things sooner
i got one of these as a x-mas gift a few years ago and love it ! it is especially wonderful around the holidays . i like to make pies and it is great topping on all types of pies . we also drink a lot of flavored coffee and hot chocolate in the winter ( its pretty cold here at night ) and love to top it off with the cream . i 'm not sure about the flavored syrups , but i just add some flavored coffee creamer ( international delight or coffee mate ) to the container and it makes it taste so good . it is such a hit at holiday parties that i have to borrow my mom 's to keep up with the demand . it makes a great gift just be sure to get enough off the cartriage containers or you will run out
i love this rice cooker ! it replaced one i had for many years,and was sure i would never find another i liked as well . i was wrong . this rice cooker is absolutely the best . it has replaced the broken one hands down . the rice is perfect every time whether you make 2 servings or serve a crowd , it keeps it warm without ruining it and it is so easy to clean and store . i would recommend this one to anyone that really likes rice and prepares it often .
i had a zojirushi nhs-10 and worked fine . i gave it to my sister-in-law...grin . latter i decided i wanted another cooker and just came upon this . it seemed to cheap . i ordered it from amazon . this thing is a deal . we usually cook between 4-6 cups of rice at a time . it makes perfect rice , if you use the cup at 180cc. .  we have 5 kids and been using this 2-4 times a month for last two years . i like it most of all as it has limited options and cooks only rice .
this is a great saucepan ! ! ! lightweight , easy to clean , we love the straining lid ! we got the red one . totally worth buying ! thanx
i have the tucker burn guard commercial line , kitchenaid and various designer potholders and i 've stopped using them all except these oxo . these are great for blocking the heat . i have smallish female hands and i admit that these mits took some getting used to . once i got used to them ( after the first or second use ) i routinely reach for them . its to the point that i do n't even have the other ones out anymore . i am here looking to replace my original set of 3 ( 2 mits + 1 potholder ) and i was surprised by the negative reviews . so surprised in fact that i am writing this review . i swear by them
i must agree with everything that has been written previously . this fan is sturdy , attractive , quiet and well-built with all the features one would want or need on a table-top fan . and you ca n't beat the price .
i did a lot of research before purchasing a grinder and i 'm glad i took the time to narrow it down to this one . it has done a great job at a consistant grind , with minimal noise , and tons of grind settings . quality
this is a durable sprayer , not a mister . i went through 3 or 4 misters before finding the hoffritz sprayers . mine are 3 years old and going strong . the misters , including the expensive stainless steel one , simply do not last very long . we use a lot of olive oil and these sprayers have held up well . they do require a good push . and you get more olive oil than you would with a mister .
i do n't know how anyone could think that the outlast material is n't working . ( ..of course it has been significantly tested and proven that it works . ) at first its cool . after about 5 minutes ( depending on the person ) outlast starts keeping an even temp. .  now that even temp . may not be as cool as you want - but it never gets much warmer than you are unlike most every other pillow ( ..even buckwheat pillows which become hotter because of the fabric encasing the buckwheat ) . the negatives are however :  1 . the outlast material needs to be pretty close to your body to work - and it does have a distinctive texture that is a broad weave box pattern and is " stiff " ( ..though after a few washings it becomes considerably softer ) . you might not like this textural feeling . 2 . other than the outlast , the pillow is nothing special . the support is poor like most pillows , the interesting thing here though is that you can remove the stuffing - and fill it with a material you find acceptable ( ..if you do n't like the standard poly fill ) , but you will need to do some minor sewing on the seam you opened to remove and replace the filling
consumer reports rated this a best pick toaster for the money , and we agree 100 % . it toasts beautifully - just what it 's supposed to do , right
i got this rice cooker about 8 months ago , and i have probably used it once a week since then . it most certainly makes better rice than i could before ( cooking in a pot on the stove ) , but the results are often inconsistent . sometimes the rice seems to get dried out and burns at the bottom . i think i need to up the liquid to rice ratio . it just occured to me after reading some other reviews that i may have been drastically overestimating the amount of rice to water because you are supposed to use that little cup that came with the cooker as " 1 cup " , not 1 real cup . : /  i use the steamer basket to steam shrimp all the time though , and it works fabulously
i was suprized when i read the 1 review.i have had mine for 3 years and had no problems,it has been in the dishwasher,put away by my two kids.no cracks no chips,cleans up great
i had heard that the shape of riedel wine glasses enabled one to maximize the " nose " of a wine . how very true ! i was amazed how much more of the wine 's bouquet was immediately noticeable with these glasses . and , they feel great in your hands . i highly recommend them for wine enthusiasts
i love the rapid ice wine coolers . i give them for token gifts and use them frequently myself . they are great for a spure of the moment glass of wine that needs chilling
great for frying eggs , but i prefer a pan with higher sides for omlets . every grilled sandwich i 've made on this griddle has come out perfect . my kids use it to make pancakes and they swear by it . i 've found that pre-heating the griddle in the oven first helps it heat more evenly and avoid the hot spots that can occur when cooking on a stove top . the pre-seasoning works great
man what a great pancake and a grilled chesse skillet . it 's the perfect size for pacakes . i 'd give it 10 stars if i could . love it .
this pan is perfect . not too big , nor too small for a perfect soup . for the price , you ca n't get better . this pan replaces my farberware 6 quart , and overall , it is n't any bigger ; just holds 2 quarts more . love it
found this item on the net when it was unavailable in stores for christmas . good deal for the money . nothing beats marble when making home-made ravioli ! ( i dropped it on cement & it did chip , so be careful where you set it ! ) use the cradle that comes with it
i received the shipment very quickly despite not paying for the shipping . i love the skillets . they 're very heavy duty and are a great addition to my circulon cookware
it 's a very good cooker . i can save my cooking time .
this is great . i use it to grind flax seed . it works well and is fairly easy to clean . the cord winds up into itself , which is very nice , to keep it out of the way when storing it
this pot is a great deal . i had it for a couple of weeks now and it has been great for cooking , nothing sticks to it and clean up is easy . i love the glass top for see what is in the pot and how it is cooking . great pot for the money . i find this pot to be just as good as my non stick calphalon if not a little better and the price is lower then the calphalon
it 's excellent if you already have a good foodsaver . they are thick and good quality bags . it works really well and does keep food fresh . only good for small and dry foods though , but they are reuseble to a certain point
i received this set as a wedding present and have loved using it over the past 4 months . i cook several times a week , mostly for husband and myself , and sometimes for guests . this set has been perfect for my needs , and has performed very well . i follow the care directions ( handwashing , no metal utensils ) and the non-stick coating has done very well . i love the glass lids and the cushy handles . the set includes , as pictured , 1- , 2- , and 3-quart covered saucepans , 6-quart covered stockpot , and 8- and 10-inch french skillets . the skillets do n't come with lids , but the two biggest pot lids work well . note : the product descriptions mention an 11-inch saute pan ; this is not in my set and is not included according to product features listing or the picture shown . i did feel a need to buy a 12-inch skillet as the one addition to supplement this set .
the feature 's on this machine are what drew me to choose krups espresso maker . the pump instead of the pressure machines was the first draw . the water tank and its size , not having to fill it every day . the fact that the frothing nozzle moved and the location of it . and nobody makes a frothier frother than krups makes . i love the lattes and i use a large stainless steel milk steaming pitcher . you can make two cups at once . i use it daily and sometimes more than once a day ! it makes a great espresso with beautiful crema . i have not had any problems with this machine.clean after every use . i ca n't stress this enough and it only takes a minute to wipe the brew area . and do the internal cleaning with solution often or you will get the slow drips of espresso when brewing because of deposit build ups . follow cleaning instructions ! i highly recommend this one ! enjoy
my husband , ( a jaguar lover ) , calls this the " e-type of toasters " ! it is beautifully designed ; requires minimal space and is 'simply ' sophisticated . to achieve the " perfect toast " using our old toaster required toasting a slice of bread three times , turning it twice , - now it 's one single click . kitchen appliances would n't be hidden away inside the cabinet if they were designed as elegantly as braun 's impressions toaster
i love to have a dinner party with a cake in this case . it 's elegant and gets compliments from all . i have found it to be sturdy enough , as mine came in one piece and is not broken or cracked . this is a very nice case . cake looks even more tempting
this is a wonderful appliance and at what a savings ! mine arrived promptly and in " shipped from the manufacturer " condition . this is such an improvement over my old waffle maker ( no matter how much i greased it the waffles always stuck ) . the first time i tried it was on my new son-in-law and i was eager to make a good impression . a red light indicates the appliance is on and a green light tells you when it 's ready to cook . my first waffle came out beautifully and you-know-who ate it with great satisfaction and requested another . then i screwed up . you see , if you do n't follow directions and forget to rotate the waffle maker your waffle splits in half and ca n't be put back together again ! third time i did it right . waffle grids slide out easily for cleaning in the dishwasher . outside of stainless steel appliance my be cleaned with soap and water or glass cleaner if you prefer . handle folds down and therefore the appliance stores easily . i was too busy to follow the gram instructions in the recipe booklet accompanying the waffle maker and too busy to beat egg whites separately . so i used my tried and true pancake recipe which turned out great . in the future i 'll be more creative ! highly recommended for waffle lovers
this unit does everything it is designed to do . have used it several times now and the only question we have is , when do we change the oil ? ..... we think it 's kinda like your car , if it looks and smells bad .... dump it ... grin !
at $ 20 and free shipping this is probably the best deal around for people on a buget . realistly the retail value is not $ 80 it is around $ 40 . the fabric is not all that soft however with a few washings it should be great . if the thead count bothers you like some other reviewers spend more money do n't complain about it when it 's plainly listed . an easy way to solve that problem if you are on a tight budget now is to buy it and then later buy a duvet to make the comforter softer . the only reason i deducted a star is because the bed ruffle is very flimsy . it feels like it would tear very easily . this is not a problem for me as i find them annoying but may bother some people . all in all i think it is a great deal
the glass cover fits well . the heavy bottom distributes heat well . the ease of cleaning is wonderful . it 's a great addition to our kitchen
i just received this as a wedding gift and it is beautiful ! a great gift
i love this product , the processor is small but enough for a home kitchen and it does n't take up much space . it chops , shred , slice but the bad thing is sometimes when making sticky stuff , the stuff goes under the thing that holds the blade and its extremly hard to get out . the other bad thing is the plastic , everytime i use the processor the smell of what i 'm making last in the plastic bowl and wo n't go away until i make something else . and i did clean it very hard . overall i do recommend this product to all
i had the same wok for four of the five years that i lived in china . it was made of the same type of carbon steel as this one . when i came back to the usa last year , i looked all around for this kind of wok and was very happy to find it . my wife , a native of southwestern china , joined me in the usa this year . she thoroughly approved of my choice . and , boy , does she make the best stir fried vegetables in the world . true , it is heavy , but that is good news because now we have an electric stove and the thick steel helps distribute the heat well . ( in china we had a gas stove with a huge flame . )  i still do n't understand all the rituals involved with " seasoning . " in china i was taught to scrub it hard after cooking with a stainless steel or brass scrubber in hot soapy water , then dry it very well before heating it just a little and rubbing it down with oil ( we use a paper towel ) on the inner surface . store it oiled ! rarely have we had any sticking problems . a little scrubbing gets the rust right off if you forget to dry and oil , so do n't panic ! this is a fairly priced ( at around $ 25 ) , good piece of equipment for cooking " real " chinse food
the kitchen aid hand mixer is actually more than i expected . it is light weight , easy to use , and has attachments that other mixers do n't usually have . while it is more expensive than your average hand mixer , i definitely feel i got my money 's worth . i have other kitchen aid products and they last forever . i have never been disappointed in their performance .
i purchased this product because i have recently starting baking cookies and stirring cookie dough by hand left my arm and shoulder sore . i know kitchenmaid as a quality product name . instead of the large mixer i opted for this handheld model because i do n't have alot of counter top or space . it is light , easy hold and powerful enough for the toughest chocolate chip cookie dough . i am happy with it . i was also happy with the delivery of the product...it arrived within the week and was well package to prevent damage
great invention ! i drink mostly loose teas , gave up coffee some time ago . because of work and being " mom " , i spend a lot of time in my car . i have tried several travel presses and most of them do n't trap all of the leaves under the press , especially leaves that unroll as they steep . this is the most practical travel mug that i 've ever seen and the storage compartment is absolutely great for carrying extra loose tea for those all day meetings . i ordered one for my desk and one for those long car trips
i was thinking about a way to make coffee at work where there was no coffee machine easily accessable . i thought a french press would be a great idea , but all of them seemed to be made of glass and i did n't want to leave my press laying around where i work ( we share space with other companies so people come and go ) . with this mug all i have to do is heat up some hot water in the microwave and throw it in with the coffee or tea ( and maybe some sugar ) . wait a bit , push down the press and drink . the whole mug is well made out of metal and high quality plastic and rubber . the bottom stores a cannister which holds enough coffee or tea for another cup or two and the seal is tight enough to keep it fresh . i read another review of the mug somewhere and they complained about getting coffee grinds coming through . well let me say this mug has a double filter , one on the plunger part of the press and one on the lid where you drink or pour from . coffee used for french press preperation is supposed to be a coarse grind . i think that person tried using store bought ground coffee or just did n't know any better and put finely ground coffee in . the mug will do a pretty good job even with coffee like that , but some is bound to get through that way and you get a muddy cup besides the point so use coffee made for french press brewing not finely ground coffee and you will love this mug
the effectiveness of this dutch oven lies in its design which served chuck wagons a century ago and campers today ! cast iron is always a good value for the money and it 's indestructable ( i 'm still using my mother 's lodge skillet that she got for a wedding gift in 1954 ) . this dutch oven , designed specifically for the camp or fireplace cook , goes from the fire to the table with ease . it stews and bakes beautifully - get a dutch oven cookbook and learn how to make campfire biscuits as well as those stews and chilis ! also makes a fabulous wedding , shower , or housewarming gift . forget expensive wedding registries - buy the bride a lodge dutch oven and skillet . she 'll hand them down to the next generation . every camper can use this and so can every backyard griller . highly recommend !
i have used a brita filter water pitcher for many years , and i love it ! the directions clearly state not to use hot water , and the filter snaps into place in order for the water to filter through properly . when my daughter visits , she says , &quot ; i 'd like a glass of brita water ! &quot ; :
i struggled through many pages of product reviews and descriptions before i finally decided to purchase this particular brand . why ? because i did n't have a clue on which brand was good or bad , many of the reviews for mushroom/egg slicers were mixed , so i took a stab in the dark , and came up a winner ! ! this is a great product , stores easily , and works well . the curve where you put the mushroom ( or egg ) is just the right size and is just a wonderful time saver ! i love it
honestly.. . i do not , for the likes of me , understand why anyone would give this cookware a bad review . it appears that those who have , either ca n't read or did n't bother . we have had our set of calphalon contemporary nonstick for several months , and everyone in the family ( mom , dad , two teenage sons ) uses them . we use and wash them as directed . also , we do n't use any of the " pam " type sprays . so far they still look great and the foods cooked in them are delicious
love these measuring cups . easy to use and see measurements . no more bending or guessing . worth the money
well constructed , good lid fit and solid handles . the cover handle gets very hot in use but this is to be expected as it is metal . the saucepan handle is quite narrow and if wet , or greasy , could be annoying to handle when draining the pan ( although i have not had this problem with any of the pans in this range ) . all in all , i think this is excellent valu
i have owned this skillet for 25 years and it 's still going strong , even with constant use . still looks great , too . it 's a good size , easy to clean and useful for many purposes . the aluminum core spreads the heat well . this is a great value for the price
this is a great device and has multiple settings to keep tasks on track . very full featured and easy to use
i have bought this timer numerous times , and , after a few years , after it falls into a pot of soup or something , i go buy another . reasons : a ) the programmable timer which allows you to time several dishes simultaneously . b ) sturdiness . its magnet does not stay glued to the back forever , but otherwise it 's durable for an everyday electronic gadget - you should get several years of use out of it . c ) it 's one of the only timers i can find - and i look at big box stores , major discount stores , the supermarket , etc . - that allow you to time dishes longer than an hour or 99 minutes . this is important for pot roast , big chickens , turkeys , unusual dishes that simmer overnight , and so on . i recently bought it at amazon because the big box store where i used to get it , now only carries from pyrex a much more complex version which you do n't need for everyday cooking .
in my opinion this is the best kitchen timer out there ! it has four separate programmable digital timers that can count up and/or down - each with their own alarm sound . it also has a regular clock setting . plus , you can either plop it on the fume hood using the magnet on the back of it , clip it to your apron using the clip or set it on the counter using it 's support stand . oh , and did i mention how small it is ? ...just another nice feature ! so yeah , no more having to set the oven timer , the microwave timer and my watch timer in order to keep track of all the various foods cooking at the same time . not only do i use this timer in the kitchen constantly i also use it for numerous other things too . it 's the " time out " timer for the kids , a ten-minute reminder when i need to get us all out of the house...you name it ! my mother owns this same timer and is the one that originally introduced me to it , thank heavens ! i ca n't imagine running a kitchen without this hard to find item . if you check out bed , bath & beyond you 'll see they do n't have anything with four programmable timers . long story short...if you purchase this timer i promise you will not be disappointed .
le creuset manufactures porcelain enameled cast iron cooking vessels as well as other products . le creuset casts these cooking vessels from molten iron poured in sand moulds that are used only once . for this reason , one pot may look like another , but each is unique in its own way . cast iron is a highly efficient material which absorbs and distributes heat efficiently . it is recommended that cooking with cast iron is done on low to medium heat . however , there are exceptions like boiling water where cooking on high heat is appropriate and okay . remove cast iron from the heat and it does not cool off quickly . this heat retention helps your food stay warm while serving . beware ; iron tends to be heavy so are these cooking vessels . cast iron is an effective material for cooking so why cover it with enamel ? iron tends to rust ; iron oxide ( rust ) does n't add any complimentary flavors to your food . if your cast iron cooking vessel was not enameled , you would have to season and maintain your cooking vessel . adding the porcelain enamel not only looks good , but has multiple benefits . the enamel , being a solid coating , is one of the most hygienic surfaces to cook on , does not stain , absorb odors , retain flavors , and is easy to clean . the enamel can be damaged , so limit cooking tools to plastic or wood . the benefits of cooking with le creuset cast iron are many , but lets get down to the buffet casserole specifically . the buffet casseroles are one of the most versatile pieces in the le creuset lineup . use this pan as a saut    pan , a roasting pan , for poaching , or as a shallow braiser . the 3.5 quart capacity can is plenty of space when it comes to casseroles , so consider your recipes when determining the size you need . the buffet casserole tends to do best if at least three quarters full . any less and you may overwhelm your food with the evenly dispersed heat in the pot . with a large flat bottom that curves up this pan resembles a curved sided saute pan the only thing missing would be a long handle . the tight fitting lid is mostly flat with curved sides . this lid seals in heat , moisture , and flavors and can be used to hold your meat while you are making a sauce from the drippings . its shape and design makes this an extremely versatile pan . i tend to use this pot for basic dishes like smothered pork chops more than anything else . but once you get past the basic functionality that lends itself to recipes such as paella , frittatas , deep dish pizza , and casseroles , you can really open up the possibilities . keep in mind this is a 3.5 quart pan , feeding two out if it is ridiculous unless you want leftovers . it is probably the perfect size for a family of four in most cases . try baking pineapple upside down cake or bread pudding for when you need to please many guests , poaching fish , or mac and cheese . the possibilities almost seem endless . one feature that people tend to complain about is the cost . the cost does seem steep compared to other pans made from other materials . heck , cast iron does n't seem like it should be expensive when comparing to that old cast iron pan past generations have used for cornbread and camping . however the manufacturing process requires making a mould for each and every pan produced . they then go through the enameling process before shipping these heavy pans . if you take what goes into making and distributing these high quality cast iron products , the cost tends to make sense . then consider that this pan will easily last a lifetime when taken care of . pros : extremely versatile efficient absorption and distribution of heat hygienic enamel cooking surface does not stain , absorb odors , or retain flavors easy to clean when not abused or misused can be transferred from stove top to the oven to the table can easily last a lifetime  cons : its heavy , as cast iron tends to be weighing in at about 12.25 pounds
i 've owned this board for a year now . pros- light weight , you can use very sharp knives on and not get much indentation on the board , compact . cons- well it can be a con that it is light weight since if you are trying to cut a larger item it might shift , but honestly , if you just get a cutting board that is larger you 'd have the perfect cutting board
i am giving this 4 stars rather than 5 simply because i do not like the way this just pulls on and off . i 've never purchased a shaker before though , but i would appreciate one the screws off and on so the top is certain to be on every time ! other than that..it 's very sleek and the strainer in the top is a plus
i have used this jigger several times a week since i got it back in november , and i think it 's great . i often make a second round with it . it is difficult to remove the top with the jigger on , but otherwise it comes off fine as long as you open it up right after you make and pour a round of drinks
this fry cutter is good if you have a small potato and want some fries...otherwise you will need to cut your potato first . also , it takes a bit of effort to use
this was a simple and easy to use product . i did n't even have to read the directions on how to remove the blades . the only downfall is that you ca n't use very big vegetables . i use it to make home made french fries . i had to cut the potato in order for it to fit in the cutter . aside from that it 's a great product
i had a panasonic teflon coated iron before this . i did n't have any idea how much easier ironing could be - teflon is way overrated ! do n't get me wrong , i still hate ironing , but at least now its over a lot faster . plus , the iron is always at the right temperature for whatever i 'm ironing , and its easy to fill with water . the only thing i 'd like is a retractable cord , but it is n't a real cause for complaint
after reading a recommendation from consumer reports i was excited to see this iron for less that the suggested price . in two days it arrived and i am very pleased with this iron . although it is a bit heavier than my old one , the results were great . no tax ? no shipping ? no parking --- the best way to shop
loved this grill , unfortunately we have only limited counter space otherwise i will put this grill permanently in the counter . my husband loves the burgers that i made from this grill . they lean and delicious ! ! ! recommended it to anyone
i really enjoy cooking with the combo grill/griddle , its saves a lot of time on breakfast , lunches and dinners you get more meals at one tim
if you are looking for a nice , inexpensive set of knives , look no further . this set is very sharp , cuts well and fits into your hand nicely . they have great balance and apperance . the box is a little cheap feeling and looking , but allows for a great storage within a drawer or cabinet .
i bought my vacu vin set about 4 years ago and it 's still working perfectly . it 's so easy to use and it does preserve the wine flavor for at least a few days . we no longer have to finish a whole bottle in one sitting or risk a spoiled wine . i 've recommended it to a few of my friends and they all say they ca n't live without it now . few things of note :  * even with vacu vin , the wine will start to change flavor if kept over a week . * you do need to pump a lot more than the instruction indicates . keep pumping until you feel a strong resistance . * vacu vin can not be used for wines with fizz ( such as vino verde , champagne , etc ) . the reduced pressure will suck the gas out of the wine and make it flat very quickly . * it 's better to keep the bottle upright so there 's no pressure on the rubber stopper ( it does not need to stay moist like a cork ) . its purpose is to keep a leftover wine until you finish it , and it does that quite well
product works as described , keeping red and white wines for longer than their normal corked shelf life . case could be a bit more substantial with a higher cosmetic appeal
i have to say , i have been needing a meat pounder for a long time and this one is great . i used it on chicken and it did a great job with very little effort on my part . plus is was very easy to clean , just some soap and water . i am very pleased with this item
i just moved into my new place and i wanted a new set of dishes that were simple but unique and this set was perfect . just like past reviews have stated , these pieces are a perfect size . the bowls are awesome cereal bowls , the dinner plates are large , the salad plates are perfect for salad or a sandwich w/ chips and the coffee cups are used every morning for my cup of joe . i bought a second set to make sure i had plenty for when friends came over for dinner . speaking of friends over for dinner , on the two occasions that i have had friends over for dinner since i bought the set , people always compliment the pieces . i am very happy with my purchase
i cant say enough about this set . the cups are the perfect hot beverage size . the dinner plates are big enough for any meal and i love the square shape . they are versitle and fit any style . they also fit perfectly in the dishwasher and they set straight up and do not fall over so i never need to re-wash . the salad plates are big enough for salads , desserts , appetizers or condiments . bowls are great too
makes the best long grain brown rice that i 've ever tasted . only wish that zojirushi made a 5 cup version of the induction rice cooker
i love this little fan . it 's perfect for cooling one person . i have it on my nite table and use it every night . amazingly quiet and soothing air .
after reading the reviews , i decided to try these , since i was n't too thrilled with either the cost or quality of the senseo pods . after getting my three sets in the mail , i went to my grocery store , bought the starbucks sumatra whole beans , ground them to expresso grind , and went to try the ecopads . i followed the instructions , put the ecopad in the machine ( perfect fit ) , hit the 8oz button , and wa - la ! i would challenge anyone to tell the difference between the stuff you pay $ 3.50 a cup for at starbucks . i 'm definately hooked . i ca n't see how other reviewers have had problems with these . they are easy to fill , and fit perfectly in the machine . they are a bit messy to clean up , but its a fair trade off for the awesome coffee and the cost savings over the pods or actually going to starbucks . i would estimate i will get 50-60 cups out of a $ 6 store bought bag of coffee . basically , one heaping teaspoon fills up the ecopad perfectly . also i would estimate getting hundreds of uses out of each ecopad - they seem very durable . i am looking forward to trying different coffee 's with these . well worth the tiny investment
i love to cook , and own several different brands of cookware , all clad , cuisinart , and calaphone . this sauce pan did n't disappoint me . i love it ! ! the pan has a wider bottom than most 2 or 2 1/2 quart pans . this is great if you need to saute onions or peppers at the beginning of a sauce , or if you need a little extra room to stir something . i am very , very happy with this
bought this set at a reasonable price of $ 19.99 and have liked them so much that i will be buying some more ! great set for the price , ca n't go wrong with them
it 's just the right size for sauteing veggies and meat for one . cooks evenly and requires little cleanup . the preseasoning takes the guesswork out of initially readying castiron cookware for use . lodge pro-logic properly packaged and sent my merchandise in record time . i would definitly buy from them again and recommend them to my friends
the attachments that are available for kitchenaid mixers are worth their weight in gold . this is the most recent attachment i 've purchased for my mixer . i ca n't tell you how much time was saved when making apple butter and apple relish for the holiday season . this time of year , saving time is a good thing when there does n't seem to be enough time for everything on your lists ! ! ! happy holidays
i have had my grill for a week , we 've cooked lean steaks on it , pork chops , and the other night we cooked hamburgers on it . this is my first indoor grill so when one review mentioned the " george foreman " grill was a bit faster , i was amazed i thought the delonghi cooked pretty fast ! ! clean up was really easy and one must remember to preheat it . i gather some have not . and as to smoking i have n't had any but then i buy lean meats and put water in the bottom if i think the food will drip a lot of fat . fat dripping into the large tray in the bottom is what burns and causes the smoke . i 've only used water once , with the hamburgers ( no smoking ) . this really is a great grill and large enough to be more than satisfying ( actual cooking space is 15 " x11 " ) . ease and comfort of use is amazing . i highly recommend it !
i got this pan for making cheesecakes in a 5 quart round crock pot . ( there are recipes for these on southernfood.about.com in the crock pot section . ) this a good pan for this type of recipe ! it 's an unusual size , more than mini but less than full size . it 's a great size for one or two people . ( standard recipes and pan sizes always make waaaaay too much for the small household . )  i generally like kaiser products . very good german engineered quality ! the bmw of bakeware . no leaks , excellent materials , spring is excellent . i had some other springform pans that were useless and they went into the trash . not so kaiser . kaiser pans are keepers ! they are worth the little bit of extra money compared to other brands . america 's test kitchen/cook 's illustrated also endorses kaiser as the best springform pan choice...and they really know how to evaluate and test equipment and cookware
i just finished washing this pan , which i choose to use at an increasing rate . it washes up with ease , who needs non stick ? looks beautiful , more importantly , i love cooking in it . perfect size ! the only problem is , i wo n't let the men in the household use it , hmmm
i purchased a custom collection of calphalon tri ply pieces in the past six months , starting with smaller pans and working my way up . i am so in love with them . this everyday pan is a workhorse and you simply can not beat the ease of cleaning . once you get used to it , cleaning the stainless ( versus nonstick ) is just as easy - and better because it is dishwasher safe . stainless versus nonstick is now my preference virtually all of the time . for skillet chicken , this is the absolute best you can do for a perfectly browned end result . i have one piece of all-clad and i can tell you honestly that i prefer the calphalon tri ply to it - though all clad is definitely exceptional . you will not regret this purchase .
we bought this cuisinart coffee maker after reading the reviews of every single thermal carafe/10-12cup coffee maker out there ( our previous krupps had stopped working , and the current krupps model got bad reviews ) . we have been completely happy with this cuisinart thermal one - great coffee , easy to use , very hot - no complaints at all
the product i received was faulty so irobot sent me another one . robots are great but i you need to make sure they work right before the warranty is over
this is faster and safer than using a knife , with perfect results every time . our favorite gadget this summer
this toaster is definetly well worth the price . it is sturdy , compact and full of features . and the best of all ! it does n't burn the toast ! very happy with it and the $ 10.00 less price than at macy 's !
i bought this grinder for flax seed and it works wonderfully . what i love most is that after you grind what you need you can place the tight sealing lid that comes with it on and put in right into the fridge . nice look , great function and very clean machine .
i purchased the cuisinart grinder from amazon based upon customer reviews just over two years ago after trying two cheaper $ 20-ish models picked up at local discount stores . motors on one of the cheaper grinders locked up in short order ; the second lasted longer but the blades rusted after only 2-3 months in a storage building . the motor on the cuisinart is still going strong , but i had to trash it today . i have to admit that the blades did seem to be a bit duller after grinding enough beans to make 1-3 pots of coffee per day for two years straight , but that 's to be expected with a blade grinder . the on/off button broke about 2 months ago ; then , last week , the blade housing wore out and broke off while grinding my favorite john conti beans . others have stated that this grinder is less messy than some of the other models , but grinding coffee is a messy undertaking and a necessary evil to get the freshest coffee ! if i do n't try a higher quality burr grinder , i may get another one of these !
i purchased this french press for my husband several weeks ago and i love it . happy with the regular coffee maker , i had little interest in the item until i saw it in action for the first time . it 's so easy to use and the flavor of the coffee is much smoother . it 's also beautiful . i purchased two matching cups at the same time and they remind me of russian tea glasses---a collecting favorite of mine . i highly recommend this all-around good buy
this is a decent unit . for those who do n't take the time to read or ca n't understand what they read the product listing states the scoop included is for a 4 ounce cup ( 4 x 4 is 16 ) . the usual sold in the us coffeemaker is a 4-6 ounces per cup capacity . coffee instructions say usually measures are for a 6 ounce cup . a cup is not what you use or the standard liquid 8 ounce cup . most advertised 10 and 12 cup coffeemakers hold the same total amount in the carafe . the manufacturer calcultaes what will sell . this has been going on since i bought my first coffeemaker 30 years ago . caveat emptor !
the model 40053 is a good effort , but misses the mark compared to the now-discontinued west bend model 40032 triple timer , sold in the 1980s and 1990s . i do n't need a real-time clock , nor a stopwatch in a kitchen timer , because they just complicate the device . * water resistance ; * distinctive alarms for each channel ; * superbright blinking led secondary alarm indicator for loud environments ; * blinking lcd indicator for each active timing channel ; * shirt pocket size , countertop stability ; * single-hand programmability , and * memory recall for easy repeat timing  -- that 's what i 'd like to see in an improved version of the 40032 . perhaps customer pressure can get west bend to bring something like that to the market
target sells this same item for less than $ 5.00 32oz . bottle . it pays to shop around !
i use this pan alot . it makes great grilled sandwiches , pancakes and french toast . it is also easy to clean and stor
i 've owned electric skillets before and it was always so difficult to clean up that we put them away and only pulled them out for big occasions . we bought this skillet a month ago and use it several times a week . we have n't had any problems with it at all , and we love the way you can pull the pan off for easy clean up
the vacuvin wine chiller works as advertised and is a realy wine lover 's aid when white wiine is desired but the bottle is not chilled . using the vacuvin wine cooler within 5-10 minutes the wine is properly chilled .
i did n't have a bundt pan , and i found this one when i went in search of one . i 'm so glad ! ! ! i 've only had it a week , but have used it 4 times ! ! has a very unique shape
i love this steamer because it fits in all clad sauce pans from 2 to 4 quarts . the other version with the long handle does n't fit the 2-quart . works beautifully . easy to care for ( dishwasher safe ) .
if you love to prepare food , these measuring cups are for you . they are very well made and are fairly heavy . no cheap metal here . they feel good in your hand . if cooking is as much of an art as a necessity to you , these will make an excellent addition to your kitchen
this maker is the better of the two pod coffee machines i had . it is easy to make your own pods that work very well and you have much better coffee due to fresh grind . my problem was that the part that catches when you close the lid broke . it probably was mostly my fault but it is made of plastic unlike the metal one on the other pod maker i have . that is why the other one still works and the juan valdez is broken . if you are careful not to overfill your homemade pods you 'd probably never have a problem with it . just be careful in closing it and do n't force it
i got this for christmas over a year ago , and it still works great ! i use it most every morning . the coffee quality is n't as good as my drip maker - no pod coffee maker can ever measure up to a drip maker - but it 's very easy to brew just one cup and with no cleanup ( except to remove the used pod ! ) . i agree with the other reviewer that the juan valdez coffee pods come in excessive packaging ( individually wrapped pods inside a cardboard box ) , plus my grocery store does n't carry them . any brand pod can be used with this coffee maker . i use whatever 's cheapest , usually the senseo douwe egberts . i buy either the dark roast or the vanilla flavored . i prefer strong coffee , but even the dark roast pods are n't strong enough for me . i wish i had the black-colored machine because the white shows every single coffee stain
when all you 're having is a big bowl of chunky soup for lunch or oatmeal for breakfast , this bowl goes great in the microwave and on to the sofa with you . so many times one has to be careful microwaving a hearty portion of soup or oatmeal in a regular-sized bowl , because it will boil over . how much fun is that to clean up your microwave carousel before you can eat ? but this bowl is big enough to handle the bubbling . just take a kitchen towel under it against the heat and you will be cozy in your terrycloth robe on the couch for some nice potato-ing
i 've used my pan twice before reviewing . the first time was corn muffins and they came out really well . they muffins popped out with ease . the second time i made lemon cupcake with white chocolate chips , and it was harder . the pan was hard to transport to the oven full of batter . halfway through baking , the batter drips onto the oven floor , causing me to put a muffin tin under the pan . when baked and cooled , the cupcakes broke while popping out
i dont think it was as bad as the reviews imply . i 've had mine about 6 months now and it still works fine , the only complaint i have is about the settings as one person said it can be the exact same on both sides and yet one side will " burn " and one be " underdone " . i just adjusted these and turned them so they both cook whatever i 'm making right , even though it is off by one number compared to the other side . so thats a fluke for sure which would make it worth buying one without any problems , but frankly i 've yet to find such a toaster . other then that i 've had no problems with this one , i love the look and style of it as well it is so cute and practical other then the above problem . i would recommend this toaster but as i got it as a gift i probably wouldnt spend the $ 50 but would gladly pay $ 30 for it . i dont think you can really find a better toaster i 've done the cheap kmart specials and frankly those dont last as long as this has without much worse problems or burning .
i researched many roaster pans before i settled on this and am i glad i did . it offers a truly stovetop worthy construction , no bending or warping , a great v rack , and superb heat distribution . the handles are comfortable and the pan fits perfectly in the oven . compared to the allclad , it is less expensive and better performance . a well thought out pan
i love the way cast iron cooks . not to mention it is so nice to spend less on something that lasts longer and is easier to clean up ! i do have problems lifting things sometimes , but this is about the same amount of work as the non-stick pans that i used to have , although slightly heavier , the handles are ergonomic and the loop on the other side of the handle compensates by making a balanced lifting motion easier .
lisa s from ohio complains that the knives rust very easily and that this is a buyer-beware item . this is not a buyer beware item . this is an item that requires some knowledge about use and care of carbon steel knives . carbon steel is an alloy which allows one to hone a very keen edge and it is used for very fine cutting tools in general . it does rust very easily and should always be dried after washing , and even wiped with a little olive oil . these knives can not be left sitting in dishwater , and they should never be run through a dishwasher . if you want to throw your kitchen knives into a dishwasher , buy cheap stainless steel ones
i have recived serveral comments on how good these knifes look . i am in fact very pleased with the way they look , but even more important is how well they perform . they cut wonderfully ( for me at least , but i 'm used to cheapy knifes ) . yes they will in fact rust , although i have n't had this problem with my set ( had them for about four months now ) because i only handwash them and dry them immediately . one steak knife found it 's way into the dishwasher and sure enough it came out with a little rust spot , this was easily removed with a little steel wool . you just have to weight the benefits of the all metal knifes to those that are wood handled or plastic
this little fan does just what i need it for . a bit of air blown right at me sometimes while sitting at my desk . it clips on very well . i even tried it on a 1/2 inch overhang and it stayed on . i would reccomend 3/4 inch if you want to use high setting and oscillation . that oscillation is of no account by the way as the fan just is not that powerful . my reason for no 5 stars is the vibration . there is too much especially on high speed . this could have been solved with more and better padding on the clip . it does n't bother me but might others . the cord is coiled nicely to stay out of the way but has a good stretch . i needed to reverse the blow direction of the fan . this was easily accomplished by removing and replacing only one bolt . all in all very good for my uses . if you need just a bit of air in a tight space this one 's for you
i love all my calphalon pots , pans , and bakeware . best set i have every owned or used . even heat , easy clean up , i have never made reductions as easily as i have in these pots & pans . the fact that you can get these on special with great pricing puts it over the top . i paid $ 26.57 for this after discounts and free shipping
this a a great pot...plenty big , and excellent quality . my friend bought one too , as i liked it so much
these work great to get that extra out of the bowls . i am very particular about my spatulas . i love pampered chef items , but do not care for their spatulas . they do not seem to slide very well . the miu ones slide easily on all surfaces
i bought this hand blender for making split pea soup . using the hand blender made the soup so much creamier . my husband has diabetes 2 and he loves his sweets . i make him the instant , no sugar , no fat pudding and by using the hand blender it becomes very creamy and so much more palatable . so far the blender is working just great
it lives up to the kitchen aid name . it chops , it slices and purees.. you name it . i 've made everything in there from dough to sauces and it has been amazing .
this knife has a lot to offer as far as i 'm concerned . i 'm not looking for a highlife line of knives...because i have a family--all of which do not respect special care of important knives . i want a knife that cuts well..thats sturdy...and can take some abuse like being in water or not being cleaned right away . i do not buy wood handles anymore either...because too many times the knife goes in the water or is not cleaned promptly . i also want one that will stay sanitary...or can be sanitized . this santuko by cuisinart fits the bill for me . the weight is excellent for me...i have a large hand for a woman...and some health issues for which i prefere a lighter handling knife that cuts without a lot of pressure...and will not make my wrist ache when used . cuts like a dream through all the fruits and veggies i tried it on . washed up easy and quick...dried quick too . i paid only a little bitty amount for this very big hearted knife . i recommend it for all real cooks out there... that also have family using your stuff
this is a pretty good timer with two timing capability , but the only complaint i have with it is that you have to push a minimum of four different buttons just to stop the timer and get it to stop the led screen from flashing . however , it has very nifty features and the sound of the timer is not too irritating . also , the five minute warning is very useful
yes , it is just a ladle , but a very handy one indeed ! ! ! ! ! i find myself using this ladle just about everyday , than in the dishwasher and on to tomorrows pot . it is a great quality tool that i am sure to use a lifetime. .
ok , cmon now . it 's a ladle and works well . i own the extire oxo steel line and am pleased with all the products under this line . they all perform their function well and with style . and they are also very comfortable to use thanks to the famous oxo nonslip rubber handle/fins
i adore this flatware ! the weight , the clean lines , and beautiful shape ! however , it only gets 4 stars because the knives develop rust spots when put in the dishwasher . to prevent rusting , i have to hand wash them . admittedly , it 's inconvenient and not something everyone wants to do . the spoons and forks seem to do just fine in the dishwasher so i do n't know what 's wrong with the knives . i 'm assuming they 're made differently . gourmet settings , the manufacturer , does have a warranty on the flatware so if you buy this set you may want to , or have to , make use of this
i 've had my set for about a year a half . i have n't had one speck of rust - i wonder if they had a bad batch at some point ? ? i would definately take them back . i can see how they 'd be too big/heavy for kids - but for adults they 're great . fit the contours of your mouth very nicely . i use mine with fiestaware and they look great together
i bought this for all sorts of uses in the kitchen and am very happy with the quality of the product . kitchenaid consistently produces quality products . i use it when making bread to scrape it off the board to prevent sticking , for dividing the dough for rolls and loaves . overall i 'm very pleased with it
i absolutely love this cutting board . it works well with most knives ( do n't use the serrated knives with tiny teeth ) . the board is very forgiving with repeated cutting . they are very heavy and very attractive . the only complaint i have is the paper packaging stuck to the board . i 've bought 3 of these and i could n't get all of the " glue " off any of the boards . i eventually just put the oil on the boards to protect them and that somehow helped get most of the sticky residue off . miu france really needs to use something that will not permanently stick to the boards . i 'd give it a 5 star if the sticky residue and paper came off easily
this is a beautiful piece of glassware that adds a touch of class to any table . however...and this is a significant however...a good decanter should be as broad as possible at the level at which a full bottle of wine will fill it . the idea is to have as large an air-to-wine interface as possible , so as to let as much wine as possible &quot ; breathe&quot ; . this of course is not terribly important for whites and better reds , but younger red wines benefit considerably from being decanted for an hour before they are drunk . therefore , i suggest this decanter be reserved for whites and reds that are &quot ; ready&quot ;
three months after a purchase and i still have n't seen it
i could definitely tell a difference in the taste of my water , and hopefully that means it 's chlorine free , but i have n't had it tested . however , it must be doing its job because the filter itself only lasts about a month ! i think that its life span just depends on how bad your water is . it works better that my old brita filter , which i could tell was n't working because my water still smelled like chlorine with that one . that being said , i would buy the pur pitcher over again if given the choice
this new pitcher is a an ideal size for smaller fridge plus not very heavy when full . water tastes great
i have never owned a crock pot before , so i was a little apprehensive . i did a lot of research and finally settled on this item because of size , price and shape of the unit . i am extremely happy with the product . it is perferct for a first time user - not too complicated , but has eveything you need to make the most basic or more complicated recepies . it did not smell at all on first use ( many pots have that reputation ) . it is very attractive and fits nicely on my countertop . the inner ceremic part is very sturdy and cleans up very easily . i do recommend for first-time users that you purchase one good cookbook ( many are carried on amazon ) . i purchased several , and my favorite so far is " the gormet slow cooker " i have tried several recepies and they were all perfect . i am converted to crock-pot cooking ! !
my slow cooker works perfectly and looks great too . the little dipper that came with it has proven to be a very nice bonus . i had not expected to use the little dipper but really enjoy hot sauces
these were not from the pattern i have , but matched perfectly to my pattern which has been retired ( italian vine ) - but they are very large...which is okay if that is what you want . i do love them and they are fine quality
i was looking for a non non-stick surface griddle to cook pancakes on and i got so much more . my husband and i are concerned about the effects of dupont coatings on our children 's long term health ( he is a doctor ) so i have been searching for a stainless griddle for ages . finally , i happened upon cast iron as an option . i never really understood the benefits of cast iron and it seemed so high maintenance -- all the seasoning involved . i was also reluctant to use it because you are not supposed to really scrub it clean which goes against my personality . plus , where would i store my seasoned not so clean griddle when i was not using it . well , the thing is ... when am i not using it ? ( and when i am not i store it in my oven ) i use it almost every day . the grill side works great for bacon , salmon , hamburgers , chicken--anything when i do n't feel like firing up the grill . so far everything turns out perfect , not too dry . the griddle side is great for pancakes and eggs and truly non-stick without the chemicals of a coating to worry about . the bottom line is...i love this product more than any other kitchen item since my kitchen aid mixer ( another love of mine ) . i plan to buy more as gifts for all my family and friends with gas stoves ( i am not sure how well it works with electric eyes ) . truly a kitchen basic . if you are thinking of getting one , you should
this is the perfect size food processor and blender for the home cook . i like to use it to make homemade basil pesto , hummus , smoothies and shakes . its pretty powerful , good quality for the price , and does n't take up too much space in the kitchen
got this as part of a wedding gift and could n't believe how strong and sturdy this is . i imagined if it fell out of the window of my kitchen into the street from the 2nd floor that it 'd have a tiny scratch . it 's a fine container , nice looking , and i 'm glad i got it
good for the price , i wish it didnt get crumbled...and was wrinklefree
the cuisinart griddler has proved to be a very handy appliance in my kitchen . it 's various heat settings which are accurate is very helpful in perfect results for various tasks . we have become addicted to panini ! they come out perfectly . steaks are done to perfection ! i have not used the griddle as much , but when i have the results are great .
i suspected that a daylight spectrum lamp might be a complete hoax . i work in an interior office with no view of natural light . that 's 8-10 hours a day in a room with flourescent lighting ! when i would come in , i would feel foggy and depressed and unmotivated . when i would leave , i would feel blinded by the light outside and out of sorts . so i bought this lamp on a whim from a sharper image store . it comes with a brushed steel lampshade , but the store also gave me a white translucent vinyl shade which is what i wound up using . the light is softly diffused around my workspace . i can increase or decrease the intensity of the light using the dimmer dial . and honestly , whether it 's psychological or whatever , i feel so much better since i plugged this thing in ! i am perky , motivated and when i walk outside , i do n't feel shocked anymore . i would recommend this lamp to anyone who works lengthy hours indoors without natural light . employers , buy this for your employees-it 's a godsend and it looks cool too
twenty bucks for three name brand skillets is a great price . they are not part of farberware 's higher end line ( obviously from the price . any educated consumer will recognize and admit this . ) the bottom line is that they do what they 're supposed to do . we are replacing a very heavy revereware non-stick pan my wife bought 1.5 years ago . the teflon wa flaking off . she had paid $ 45 for it . we decided that most of the supermarket non-stick frying pans we 've had over the years lasted 1-2 years and they were usually $ 13-20 . this farberware set is a great value
i have owned my fair share of indoor grills , from a foreman grill to a really heavy grill pan which i ordered through amazon . not too long ago i recently acquired the calphalon grill pan because my foreman grill is too small if i want to cook a piece of meat and some vegetables at the same time . plus the black coating on my foreman grill is wearing out . so i bought the calphalon grill pan when it was on sale at a local department store . i have n't been able to get enough of it . it is so easy to clean even when i had cooked a piece of meat that was marinated in italian dressing or in my own concoction of ground fennel seed , garlic , shallots , and extra virgin olive oil . the marinade will of course stick to the grill which is expected however cleaning it off the grill pan was so much easier than my last grill pan which was heavy and difficult to clean because it was n't non-stick . i also like using the calphalon grill pan because i can cook both the meat and vegetable ( say asparagus ) at the same time . the results are fabulous . i get those wonderful grill marks and grill taste . although it is a bit big for this apartment dweller , i still consider this grill pan the best of all the indoor grills i have owned . well worth the money too
i 'm thoroughly impressed by this set of inexpensive skillets : each of the three are the right size for my use : small skillet for nice round pancakes , larger skillet for general stir-fry , the griddle for bacon , eggs and toasting bread ( with more than enough real-estate to cook two of three at the same time - could have crammed in the bacon but that releases too much fat ) . the best part about this entire set is that it cleans up so well - i 'm coming from some lousy tefal ( remember when they were actually a premium brand with good quality ? those times have long gone ) which stained really badly , not to mention the nonstick flaking off after a couple uses . i 've even tried some of the el-cheapo calphalons ( another premium brand going downhill ) from amazon and they chip and wear fast right out of the box . i 'm now a convert to farberwear - they are inexpensive and has really held up to the test of time ( this is in reference to my stainless-steel set i purchased right after college 10 years ago - they 're still going strong and is testament to their quality even if they do n't have the name or pricing to show for it ) .
i can fill up this little tea pot and in less than five minutes have enough hot water to make four cups of tea . no guessing the temperature as is often the case with heating water in microwaves . and the automatic shut-off makes it great for the office
have had it for three years but have n't used it much . the times i have used it , it has worked very well . dislikes : cant tell when it is done boiling the water . there is no indicator . the only way is to hear the switch click from on to off . also , there is a min and max line for the amount of water needed to use . however , very hard to see so i used a sharpee to highlight on the outside . would be nice if it had cup indicator markings or other markings to tell you how much water you are boiling
i have used this griddle so much i have worn it out and am now going to buy another one . i have great results making flour tortillas with it . i always use the quaker flour torilla mix from wal-mart . every now and then i have a blow-up , but once you learn the proper technique for flattening the bread it 's really easy , and much faster and easier than rolling them out by hand .
we needed a small countertop dishwasher for our rec room , and after a few months of use , i can say this one is working out very well . it shipped quickly , with no damage ( the box was pretty tattered , but the packing material and the actual dishwasher were fine ) . it 's large for a countertop device , certainly bigger than most microwaves . be sure to measure your available space , especially clearance to any cabinets above your installation site . i hit some minor bumps getting it installed . the dishwasher hose nozzle is supposed to connect to your kitchen faucet using a threaded quick-connect coupler included in the box . the coupler is supposed to screw onto the end of the faucet , but the faucet on that sink was a removeable spray handle on a long hose . there 's no way for the included adapter to hook up to this , so i wound up having to install a new faucet ( this is n't as bad as it sounds , as we were planning to replace the old one anyway ) . i brought the quick connect adapter to the hardware store with me to be sure it would fit the threads on the new faucet . everything seemed okay in the store , but when i got home and installed the new faucet , i had some trouble . it turns out that the included adapter is n't particularly good quality , and did n't fit the faucet threads tightly enough to stay in place once the water pressure was actually turned on . i blew the hose nozzle off the end of the new faucet a couple of times until i finally went back to the hardware store and picked up an off-the-shelf adapter . fortunately , it looks like danby is using all standard-sized parts , so i was able to replace the flaky adapter with a new one that works well for only a couple of dollars . once i had the thing up and running , it was easy to load and use . the basket is built to hold four full place settings , but i find that with some creative jiggering i can get it to take in any odd collection of dishes , mugs , baby cups , storage containers and what have you . the basket insert is removeable , converting it to an all-glasses tray , which we found useful for party cleanup . the machine really heats the water , so dishes come out clean . even sticky stuff like melted cheese usually cleans right up . i 've never had to use the heat-boost " sanitize " setting . it uses a very small amount of dishwasher soap and rinse fluid , and you want to be careful not to add too much . i made the mistake of overfilling the soap holder ( spilled a little too much , figured it would just rinse out , oops ) and wound up flooding my countertop in suds . this has only happened once and there was no damage . call it a learning experience . i saw in some of the other reviews that the timer knob occasionally wo n't advance when you start running the machine , and this did happen to me once as well after i 'd had it for about two weeks . it has n't recurred since then , either becuase i 've been particularly careful to set the timer in the right start position , or the timer 's " wearing in . "  been using it steadily several times a week for a few months now , and after the initial hiccups , it 's been working fine . no complaints , and now i 'm looking for a danby under-counter mini-refigerator to replace one in the same rec room . i 'd recommend this dishwasher , provided you do n't mind a little effort getting it dialed in
this pan is nicely made , and is fairly thick silicone - but when full , it is floppy and does n't hold its shape on the sides . the cake i made turned out with bulges on the sides that i had to trim off to make it a nice , neat rectangle . i understand now why some more expensive silicone pans have wire " sleds " to support the pans
the cuisinart smo-56 is an overall good value for the price . the motor seems very strong , and the speed adjustments are adequate . the casing is brushed chrome plastic , but it looks nice . it 's not as solid feeling as some of the more expensive blenders
last holiday season , i received this fiestaware scarlet dinnerware set as a gift . i absolutely love these dishes . they are strong , look wonderful , and put a smile on my face every time i open my cupboard at mealtime . not one dish has chipped or cracked and the color is even and vibrant . i find the size of each item comfortable to use . the fact that they are dishwasher and microwave safe is just another wonderful bonus . now i am looking forward to adding more pieces to my collection . buy this set ! the quality and price ca n't be beat ! !
i love these dishes . they are lead-free and you can do so much with them because they are a solid color . i liked the sea mist color even more when i saw the actual dishes--it is very soothing to the eye , and i do n't think that i will get tired of it as i might with one of the brighter or darker colors .
just as advertised ! this sharpener is great ! knives that were very dull now slide right through anything being sliced ! sorry i waited so long to get this sharpener ! the price held me back- but it 's worth every penny
you are going to love this mug . i bought it in the curry yellow , and ended up buying three more . the finish is beautiful and the shape fits your hand so well . it is like satin as you hold it and it keeps your tea warm and wonderful . the lip is perfect and not too thick . buy one and see ! ! chantal products are the best . check out their soup bowls
had to turn in the first unit i bought for a replacement because a small plastic piece on the filter basket door broke , rendering the door useless . the replacement has worked fine , but i am very careful in swinging the door open . ca n't understand the nitpicking of other reviewers on the spillage when pouring from the carafe , and the forming of air bubbles in the water level tube . both problems are easily solved by pouring slowly enough . as to the peeling of the coating on the heating plate , i have n't had that happen either in the original unit or the replacement . i agree the instructions for setting the time on the clock and for the timer are a little complex - every time we have a power outage i have to refer to the manual to reset times . however , the timer feature has worked without fail , unlike the mr. coffees i 've had . i need to add that the poor visibility of the display is annoying . unless i 'm missing something , it 's backlit only when the unit is on or you 're resetting times . every coffeemaker has its pros and cons , for this one the pros far outweigh the cons . overall , a fine machine which makes great coffee ( hint : if you disagree with the great coffee try one of the caribou coffees - the combination is terrific )
my wife and i selected the krups fme-4 coffee maker to replace the braun kf550-bk model we 've used for the last 2 years . the braun was , and still is , an excellent machine . but it lacked a timer , which the krups has . the krups has a good clock/timer system that can be a little confusing , unless you read the manual ( self-explanatory ) . the display uses an lcd that can be difficult to view from some angles . overall , it works okay . the construction of the krups is what bothers me the most . my braun coffee maker has a filter holder that can stand upright on the counter while i 'm filling it with grounds . this is really useful . unfortunately , the filter holder for the krups is not designed to stand on a counter , so i have to replace it in the coffee maker unit or hold it with my free hand while adding grounds . this is a big annoyance . also , the review that mentions the uselessness of the water-level indicator on the side of the unit is completely accurate . bubbles form in the indicator , making it impossible to read . few things bother me as much as a feature that looks great on the packaging , and that 's all . regarding the carafe , yes , it does spill ; but , only if you try to pour too fast . i had the same problem with my braun , and just backing off on the angle of the carafe while pouring is enough to keep the coffee in the cup . overall , there are some critical design flaws that really should n't be present in such a frequently used product ; but , it makes good coffee and is fairly simple to use . in hindsight , i might have instead bought the braun kf580-bk , which is identical to my current model plus a clock/timer
we 're a busy family of four . this product has so many more uses than our old toaster plus it cooks fast & it 's simple to use ! this has been a great alternative to heating up the oven for a few pieces of cheese bread or a snack pizza . i was surprised at how evenly everything cooks . we 've been very pleased with this product , in fact it has become an essential appliance . the only draw back is that it takes up more counter space however that con is overweighed by all the pros . i never thought i 'd give up my old toaster , now i wish i 'd done it ten years ago !
i love corelle and purchased this for my son and his new wife . the item was not able to be delivered and i received a quick no hassle refund . amazon is very easy to deal with !
for those of you that enjoy cooking and the best for your kitchen , these dutch ovens are a must ! excellent for slow cooked stews , roasts and soups . wonderful heat retention with the cast iron core and the enamel coating keeps it a snap to clean . no sticking and no taste or metal reactions plus the colors are so attractive , they can be a really nice accent in your kitchen .
i pretty much agree with ilikeamazon 's review below . this blender looks nice , sounds quiet and does n't dance all over the kitchen when being used . the lid stays put and it 's easy to clean . it also matches all my other small kitchen aid appliances . like others though , i make a smoothie every morning and i 've had to learn how to use this blender for that . first , it 's helpful to let any frozen items sit for awhile in the blender ( i load it as soon as i get water on for my coffee so it can sit until the last thing i do before leaving the house ) . if pushed for time , then i 've found that putting the blender on pulse and constantly pulsing until the contents agitate on their own helps . the problem is that either the funnel shaped bottom and/or the blades being turned in several directions pushes the frozen mush above the funnel shaped bottom of the blender . air enters the funnel shaped bottom and the mush calmly just sits above the blades . at this point , the blender can be stopped and the mush gently pushed back down into the funnel before restarting the blender . kitchen aid products ( and their customer service ) are superior . this blender is a nice addition to my kitchen . as ilikeamazon said : " there are always tradeoffs . " i do hope however that they improve on the smoothie making capabilities of this powerful , attractive blender . then it will be a five star appliance . by the way : i like amazon too !
i was looking for a kettle with a handle that i could pick up without using an oven mitt , and one that does n't require removal of the whistle ( also with oven mitt of course ) before pouring . this kettle fit the bill . the handle as well as the whistle are plastic and cool to the touch . the whistle flips up with a touch of your thumb and does not require removal . i have been pleasantly surprised by the kettle beyond the two features above ( which i would have thought would be standard on every kettle , but that is so not the case ) . it looks nice and is sturdily constructed . the whistle is a gentle reminder , not a screaming alarm . it holds a lot of water , enough for about 8 cups of tea plus a little water to rinse out/pre-heat the tea pot with . my only suggestion for improvement is for the handle . because it 's a straight bar across , it 's not very ergonomic for pouring . i often find my right wrist at a strange , almost uncomfortable angle . i have solved the problem by using my left hand as well -- first i tilt the kettle with my right hand , then i use my left hand to hold the kettle while it 's pouring . i think a curved handle would eliminate this problem
i am quite enamoured with this little utensil . i bought it because it was the cheapest silicone spatula i found , but it turned out also to be the best designed . the all-silicone construction not only protects the handle from melting , and you pot from scratching , but makes it the easiest and most comfortable to use as well . also note that most silicone products are only rated for use up to 400f or so , while this is rated to 600f . i havent used it at temperatures that high , but i 'm comforted to know i have that option if the need arises
the canister size and shape is very suitable ; it properly sized to store easily all of our cold cuts . the part that i do not like is the time it takes to pull the vacuum . it seems that the sides handle are not design to pre-load the cover so will seal the gasket . design could be improve
this is the best can opener i 've ever used ! with arthritis in my hands and wrists i 've always struggled with can openers . ( the electric ones take up valuable counter space and tend to spill the liquid contents . ) the oxo is easy to grip , easy to turn the knob and i appreciate the little jaw-grippy thingy on the side to help seperate the can and lid .
i use this for more than just tea , defrosting frozen veggies , making broth , a few drops on a sponge for cleaning , this thing is the greatest
this bakeware is absolutley the best i have ever had . it does n't stick , rust , or burn . super easy to keep clean , just toss in the dishwasher . i you are a baker you must have this , you will be amazed
i have used analon cookware since 1997 . the handle came off one of the saucepans . before i could return it , my husband tossed it out . i replaced the saucepan and purchased some additional items . they arrived in great condition and in a timely manner . i have used the pots and they have met my expectations . i would like to order some of the other accessories .
this bundt pan is great . the cakes come out cooked evenly , moist , and removes easily from the pan . made 3 cakes using this pan & everyone loves them ! this bundt pan is going to be used alot more ! ! ! i love it !
i like the two short handles versus the one big handle on other boilers . this is a little less obtrusive on the stovetop that the one handle design . it would not work well for sauces or other tasks where you need your other hand to wisk or stir . works great on the flat top range and cleans up nicely . highly recommend , but it seems to be out of stock often
we needed to replace a 30 year old farberware frypan . this pan was better than we expected . we are so grateful for amazon.com ! !
farberware classic is great -- an inexpensive yet equally functional alternative to the very expensive pots & pans . note : recently farberware reduced its quality , in that older farberware pots & pans had their thick aluminum base completely encased within a stainless steel shell . the newer pots & pans have the aluminum base attached to the bottom , but not encased within a stainless steel bottom . so , their quality is less than it was ; most people who " grew up with farberware " may not realize this . farberware used to hold the patent on the technique of having the aluminum base curve up the side of the pan -- they no longer do this , and are the same as many other manufacturers . also note : if you are buying a 12 " pan , this is a huge pan , since it has a squareish cross-section . i found it to be so absolutely huge -- you could fry a dozen onions in this monster -- that i simply never use it . the 10 " and 8 " sizes may be what you 're looking for
ive had only great hot drinks from my machine ! ! i love it
these sheets are pretty good--they 're nice and heavy , and i definitely feel like they 're going to last a looooong time . they are a little bit stiff , and they do n't seem to be softening up too much as time goes on . i expected them to be a ton softer . they are really good sheets , however , and i would buy them again
the extra long rubber portion of this spatula works very well to scrape down the sides of the bowl as it flexes along the curve of the bowl and reaches the bottom easily
this spatula has an easy hold grip , works like it 's supposed to , and washes well in the dishwasher
just compare this one with braun , try to turn it on without the coffee beans and you would notice braun is louder than toastmaker , this is quiet and grinds well . just got it a month ago , not sure about the life of the machine . but i believe its cheap and best
i love garlic and this has been the best garlic press . i 've use this almost every day for the last 6 months and it still works and looks great ! it 's definately worth the money
this garlic press is very well made . it 's got some weight to it , but no too much . works on the biggest cloves of garlic leaving only the skin behind . well worth the money . easy to clean
we celebrated 45 years of marriage and a toaster oven has been a kitchen essential for all of those years . the cuisinart tob-50 is number 4 . it 's predecessor lasted for 24 years so it has high standards to meet and i 'm optimistist . we choose it for it 's simplicity , solid feel , and size hoping for reliability and ease of use . in it 's early months it is meeting our expectations . it is one of the most solid and basic that i 've seen on the market . the controls are solid and easy to use . it toasts evenly and you have the ability to control the darkness of the toast easily . my baking use has been limited but it does a good job of heating small portions that you do n't want to microwave . the door and the hinges are solid feeling . it is a nice size without being too bulky . we store it inside a cupboard so size was an important factor . it will toast 4 slices of bread or 4 to 6 waffles depending on their size . it has a soft bell to let you know when the heating cycle is done . the crumb pan is easy to use making the unit easy to clean . the only " con " i can think of in this unit is that the shelf does not pop forward when you open the door so you need a hot pad or shelf pull to pull it forward safely
we had had this oven for a couple months when the door would no longer stay shut . i tried jamming a wooden spoon against it to hold it shut while cooking , but found this sort of absurd . so i called cuisinart for warranty service . they said they 'd replace my oven with a new one , but i had to pay to ship the oven to their warehouse in nj and it would take a few weeks . in the meantime my husband found a set of little magnets at our local craft store , and fixed the problem ! so i was n't going to ship the oven to nj - until a replacement oven arrived...before i even sent the first one out . hmmmm . anyway , we 're enjoying this toaster oven very much and use it practically every day . it is slower than a regular toaster , but cooks four pieces of toast/waffles all at once , so i figure its a fair trade . it does a nice job with open-faced sandwiches or chicken nuggets for the kids on the broiler pan , without having to heat up our full-sized oven . a practical choice especially for families with kids
the lounger is unique and can be used for watching tv or playing with games .
i love this thing ! not only does it perform beautifully , but it 's absolutely gorgeous . i prefer to serve meals in it rather than one of my pretty platters . i waited a pretty long time ( almost a year ) before writing my review to make sure i abused it enough . this is my 2nd review . because it 's well made , it 's pretty heavy...that 's why the " helper handle " is so helpful . we have a chicken salad about 4 times a week so i wanted a really big pan to be able to sear my chicken all at once without having to work in shifts . to clean and sanitize stuff , i put everything in the dishwasher...vacuum attachments , toothbrushes , dog and cat toys etc...so the fact that this fits in my dishwasher is awesome for me . i wash it by hand about 1/2 the time . the nonstick coating is wonderful...not a scrape or scratch on it . pay particular attention to cleaning the rivets ( that might be the wrong terminology ) that attach the handle to the pan on the inside . the dishwasher gets all the icky stuff out of every crevice , but i use a soft dish brush for the rivets if washing by hand . : -
i totally love this pan ! i bake cakes all the time using this and other hoffritz pans and they are absolutely wonderful . i was first impressed by the weight of the pan , the non-stick sufrace , and the even heat distribution . i noticed a remarkable difference in the quality of my cakes from the very first time i used the pan . not only do my cakes look and taste great , i never have to worry about my cakes getting stuck to the pan or being lopsided . i 'll never buy a cheap pan again . it 's really is worth the extra couple of dollars . i doubt i 'll ever have to replace any of the pans i 've bought from them . i also purchased the hoffritz springform pans and 9 " rounds , same great results
i have owned this for years and love it . the directions indicate that for 1 lb of coffee , you add 5 cups of water and let it sit ( for hours ) . i actually add 9 cups of water and the coffee concentrate works just fine . i fill my ice cube trays with the coffee , then bag the cubes so that i can use it over time . it is delicious every time when you put the concentrate in a 3 to 1 ratio with water ( american coffee ) or less for stronger coffee ( e.g. , espresso ) . i particularly like to use these cubes for iced coffee -- it comes out nice and strong , not watered down . a final bonus to the toddy maker : used coffee grounds are a folk remedy for fire ants . if you have them and you want them gone without throwing a bunch of chemicals in your garden . put these atop their nest ( but watch yourself ! ) . they leave pretty quick .
the skillet is great for for frying huge amounts of chicken cutlets when you want them all done at the same time . the quality of the cast heats evenly and stays hot as you add food into the skillet . its much better then using teflon... ( did you know if you burn teflon it kills birds , especially parrots ) well i never liked cooking in teflon and i have always loved a set of skillets that was passed down from my great grandmother all the way down to me . i am able to sear meats and gently cook scrambled eggs to perfection . its important to realize , looking back to people that traveled the country on horse back carried a cast iron skillet and a dutch oven... those same skillets are still in use today. . try so to the same about your teflon or stainless steel pan from china . just a good american made cast iron skillet and its very affordable to ! ! !
what a delightful gadget - works as advertised ( how unusual ) ! creates nice slices of mango without the mess and without ending up with all the small slivers of fruit you normally get . love it
i 'd purchased the " big brother " to this kitchenaid cutting board about a year ago , so i understand the frustration of the reviewers who complain about the apparently unremoveable label . ( it sounds petty until you try to scrape it off yourself . ) the label did eventually come off , but it did take a bit of muscle . so i 'm glad to say that this board arrived , a month or two ago , with no sign of a nasty kitchenaid label at all . no more wrestling with my kitchen equipment for me ! and , like the larger version of this cutting board , this one really is excellent . it really is non-stick , even when the board is wet ( such as when you rinse off the tomato goop before you cut up the scallions ) . it cleans easily and quickly , and has no objection to the dishwasher . plus , it looks pretty enough that i do n't mind bringing it to the table , which is more than i can say for most non-wood cutting boards
we purchased the pad for the senior cat in our house . at 14 , he is the oldest of 5 - all indoors . we put it on the bed ( his favorite daytime nap spot ) . he loves it , but so do the other four . they all try to squeeze in on it , with him , or take it over when he gets up . it 's never empty ! it has a bit of a " crinkly " noise but they do n't seem to mind it after they try it . it seems to work great and very easy to keep clean . the patterned side can be de-furred with a few quick swipes of your hand , following the direction of the fabric nap . good purchase and endorsed by all 5 of our cats
great thing to own and very useful for cooking small quantity of foods . i use it a lot
these beautiful square dishes were the inspiration for my purchase of a complete service for 12 plus serving pieces . i love them ! they have a very contemporary look , and they are very durable . what is also nice is the fact that they are larger than your average luncheon/salad plate too
this corelle set has that handcrafted italian detailed look but without worrying about everyday wear-and-tear . it 's time to retire my old butterfly pattern which i 've had for decades . i rate it four stars only because it would be so much more practical to sell these in sets of six . it 's more profitable for corelle but not so practical for us . yes the bowls are shallow and the mugs are stoneware so they are not break resistant .
i have , and do use , many different fillet knives but needed one for knife block in the kitchen . it had to match my other 4 stars . it not only matched but the construction if great and is an excellent performer
my friend purchased the breadman panini maker a few months ago . every time we spoke he was making some kind of panini sandwich . he raved about this panini maker so i had to get one for myself . i love it ! it is so easy to clean . it is such a wonderful item that i would 've paid double the price if i new how well it worked . it 's hard for me to believe that anyone could be disappointed with this item .
these are well-made spoons , not junky at all , which is always a possibility with cheap , mail-order items of this type . the steel is heavy-gauge , and all the edges are rounded and safe . good value and a good way to &quot ; top up&quot ; an order
this little unit is very versatile , you can use it to steam anything
this sturdy nylon whisk , like the rest of the products from the oxo good grips line , is a great value of superior quality , unsurpassed durability , and flawless performance . its ergonomic design , hefty body , and big , pressure-absorbing , non-slip grip , complete with flexible fins to accommodate your fingers , are the reasons why you 'll prefer this product to the more traditional models , as they will allow you comfortable , daily , wet or dry use while keeping you away from any stress-related injuries . its elegant , stylized shape fits seamlessly with the rest of the oxo good grips collection and is designed to the let flow the most air into your creams , meringues , custards and frostings for fluffier , even results . this is also a great tool for whisking directly into the saucepan on the stove , since its non-abrasive nylon materials are safe to use on non-stick cookware and are heat-resistant up to 400fahrenheit . moreover , it comes with an oversized hole at the tip of the handle for easy hanging , and its easy-to-clean , simple construction and dishwasher-safe , hardwearing materials make it an addition that will prove a dependable part of your cooking equipment for years . after submitting this product to over three years of normal , everyday use , mine is still just like new . --reviewed by maritza volma
i have owned at least six other coffee pots and was never satisfied with home made coffee , so dunkin donuts was where i would head to on my way to work . i got this coffee pot and i buy dunkin donuts coffee and grind it with the proline kitchenaid grinder and it is the best coffee i have ever had . recently i had a kitchen remodel and the electrician showed up with his cup of coffee in hand from dunkin donuts . i asked him later in the day if he wanted a cup of coffee and he was hesitant stating he did not like coffee from home coffee pots . well , i assured him he would love it . after having my coffee , for the rest of the week he never showed up with his own coffee , actually said , he preferred my coffee . after the job was over , he saw my sister a few weeks later and he mentioned how he missed the coffee i made . this is the best ever , perfect coffee every time and the perfect temperature .
if you 're like myself , the 5 a.m. pot of coffee has to be simple . well designed makers keep it almost idiot proof . this one does a great job.once you learn that the spout is not " drip proof " , you will be happy with this as a purchase
we now have two of these units . they are quieter than other hepa air filtration units we have had , do a better job of cleaning the air , and have excellent product support .
even on its highest setting , it is n't very loud . handy electronic screen shows how much longer it is until the filter needs to be washed or vacuumed . i used to wake up in the mornings because i had a stuffy nose due to all the dust where i live , and now that 's gone . i would say this is a worthy investment to anyone who is looking into buying a hepa filter , but does n't want to go broke from the filter costs . its cadr ( clean air delivery rate ) is tobacco smoke : 145 dust : 140 pollen : 130  this air cleaner is suggested for use in a single closed room up to 227 square feet . i 'm using it in a room that 's barely 200 square feet . i can sleep with it on its high setting , but i like white noise , so some may get annoyed with it . on high , the sound is akin to a normal fan that someone would run on their desk
i love this mug . pros :  -the 20 oz . size makes it perfect for a college student sitting down to write a paper or read a book - or for that matter , anyone who will be seated for the next hour and needs some comfort while doing it . -the vibrant red is warming , comforting , and beautiful . -this mug is not to heavy to comfortably hold , full of liquid , with one hand . -it insulates well so that fingers are n't overheated while holding it . cons :  -this is not related to the mug itself , but the shipping costs are monstrous . buy at least two if you buy one - i wish i had . it comes in a rather oversized box
a fork is a fork , right ? this does what you 'd expect . the all clad difference is that it is beautiful and because it 's stainless , it 's a very hefty knife . i think with will hold a large heavy cut of meat well . i use mine for chicken . sparkles when you put it in the diswasher
i have been looking high and low for a new flatware set and the minute i seen &amp ; quot ; non stop&amp ; quot ; i had to have it ! needless to say...i am very pleased
we have three dogs so the fur is endless . i come home from work and start the roomba and voila , no more dog hair . it picks up more stuff than my other vacuums ever did .
