cons tips extremely easy on carpet and if you have a lot of cds stacked at the top  poorly designed , it is a vertical cd rack that doesnt have individual slots for cds , so if you want a cd from the bottom of a stack you have basically pull the whole stack to get to it  putting it together was a pain , the one i bought i had to break a piece of metal just to fit it in its guide holes . again..poorly designed... doesnt even fit cds that well , there are gaps , and the cd casses are loose fitting  pros ......... . i guess it can hold a lot of cds... .
it 's a nice look , but it tips over very easily . it is not steady on a rug surface dispite what the picture on the box shows . my advice is if you need a cd rack that holds a lot of cd 's ? save your money and invest in something nicer and more sturdy
i have bought and returned three of these units now . each one has been defective , and finally i just gave up on returning the system . the dvd player constantly gives " bad disc " errors and skips if there is even the slightest smudge on a disc . the sound quality is very nice for the price , but since the player does n't work , it 's essentially useless . this is a complete rip-off at any price point
i knew these were inexpensive cd cases , but i ca n't even open one without it breaking into two pieces. .
i used a 25 pack of these doing dvd backups , and the last 5 or so failed . i thought it was my software , so i got new software . guess what ? my first disc out of the new package of 25 that i bought failed , too . it 's not my burner ( as another reviewer suggested , implying that people should learn to read ) , as it 's brand new and does n't require the firmware upgrade they mention . they just suck and have a high failure rate . so the consensus seems to be that tdk or sony are best . i 'm buying some now and save myself the frustration
i bought these discs at compusa because i needed a few before i got the ones i ordered online . well , i just wated a good 25 bucks because out of 5 discs , i got one that burned good . not much bang for the buck . i have burned many discs but never memorex , usually verbatim or ridata or mam . very disgruntled with these discs making coasters . maybe my burners do n't like them but whatever the case , i wo n't buy them ever again . i thought memorex made good products
the dvds i burned successfully showed the movies in excellent quality . the only problem is that for every 3 good burns i get one bad one . i 'm using the plextor dvd burner ( love it ! ! ) , but i 'm going to try my luck with a different dvd brand . the failure rate for memorex is unacceptable . it 's less the cost that bothers me , but more the time wasted on burning coasters
i hope it 's live because if it 's memorex , it 's crap ! that 's my latest opinion after using this product . i have a liteon sohw-802s and it hates memorex . i rarely get a decent burn . more often than not i 'll discover while watching my movies just how horrid the quality it . my movies will skip , stutter , or stop all together . so disappointing ! unfortunately i found out too late that memorex uses cmc media , which only has a 0-50 % success rate ! [ .. .
while i read the reviews on this machine , it is clear to me that lexar has some serious quality-control problems . for some people it worked , for others it was a miserable failure . i am in the latter group . sigh . mine was dead on arrival . i tried the device with * both * of my windows-xp machines and in both cases , it was unrecognized . lexar tech support subsequently proved to be a contradiction in terms as they would not return my email requests for help
i knew the cash back offer sounded too good to be true...and sure enough they rejected my upcs ( i kept copies ) only have hounding them and contacting the better business bureau did they say 'whoops a mistake ' i have a fleeting suspicion this was intentional
please do n't expect to get the cash back from this purchase as promised ! to date , i 've been denied twice . the second time they said the u p c number was invalid . only , it 's the original u p c barcode ! i was meticulous filing the paperwork , yet they state , " all required products were not submitted . " meanwhile , i have phoned amaz0n to lodge a formal complaint . the product itself is average . i 've used better and worse . that said , it 's definitely not worth the full asking price
no free lunch & you get what you pay for...is that the verdict on this product ? well , the poor rating given by those who have purchased this product has discouraged me from buying it . i need disc binders and the case logic brand , while being the original , is pricey . low cost alternatives are needed , but not at the expense of quality and tco ( total cost of ownership ) . but the flap about poor customer service ( rebates ) and poor quality ( zippers and sleeve binding ) is enough to give me pause.... . so , if someone from xtreme 's management is paying attention....fix it or be content to lose business . price is n't everything to everyone in the markt for your product. .
i have a collection of over 1500 disks so i have bought many cd/dvd cases over the years and this brand is the worst quality on any that i have purchased . i would avoid this brand . [ .. .
bought this a month ago for use with my dx4330 kodak 3mp digital camera . it worked for 2 days.after that , everytime i on the camera , it wanted me to reformat the card,wth is that ? now i ca n't use it at all... . i 'm always so confidence with my previous purchases from amazon.one mistake i made,i threw away the shipping and product packages once i tested out the card , thought it worked and it would be ok.i can no longer return it now . needless to say,i 'm too over confident with lexar 's products . buyers beware.. .
i purchased this game pad due to good reviews . found it online for $ 15 with free shipping so had to try myself . its true its built well and pretty comfortable in the hand . the programming software is alright as well , not as nice as the nostromo n50/52 software for example . but what i didnt like about it was much more relavant . firstly there is a toggle lock shift button . this button is easy to press by accident and since it is not a momentary button you have to go back and press it off agian . interupting game play . also buttons 7 and 8 are not paddles but rather thumb , and quite far from normal thumb use . i had a hard time using those buttons quickly . also the toggle and digital buttons cant be mapped for other uses so your limited to 8 total buttons rather than 10 . and finally , for some reason there was no way to invoke fight in nhl06 , i couldnt live with that so i had to ship it back , and ill soon go with the logitech
i 've only got this thing to work for about 3 hours and that is not in a row . i 've spent hours with this product on several machines and i can now say the hardware sucks .
i purchased dvd express and it never worked . i spent endless time with tech support . the old story about , " it must be your computer . " did not fly either , my machine is a media type and it far exceeds the system requirements advertised by ads . i exchanged the item and it was supposedly checked out before i got it . same problems . tech support told me i was the only person having trouble with this product . they need to check out a few websites that review products there are hundreds of bad reviews very few good ones . my only mistake was not reading them before i wasted my time and money . ads also told me it would not work with ulead 's movie factory 3 , some of the software it came bundled with , but that was uleads problem . i should use cap wiz ( their program ) duh ! ! ! guess what , it did not work with their program either . ulead said they had several complaints with ads 's product . their final solution hold on to the product and maybe they will have a new version of cap wiz and that might work . save yourself time money and aggravation buy another product ! p.s . since ads does n't consider the product defective they will not refund your money or allow you trade it in for an upgrade . i do n't think they want a product like that either . the only reason i gave one star is.....it was packed well . ju
this sd would not work in my nikon coolpix s6 camera ( but the fuji and sandisk product did
just purchased 3 units , thought they would work as well as the novi units they were replacing however they have absolutely no range . my original novi 2 channel units worked well from a distance of approx 110 ft from house to barn , these only work in the same room.. . i am attempting to return these currently .
i bought four of these and returned them immediately . two were dead out of the box . a third had horrible sound . after searching the internet and reading a variety of reviews for similar products i finally settled on the 900 megahertz wireless intercom from radio shack . ( 43-3102 )  beautiful sound . well made and about half the price of the reporter . pretty much the same featues but it only claims a range of 300 feet as opposed to 1000 feet . so if you need more than 300 feet for range it 's something to consider . better warranty than the reporter as well and for 8 bucks you can extend that warrarnty for another year . anyway i could n't be happier with the rs intercom . i just ca n't recommend the reporters given that 3 out of 4 units that arrived were faulty
when i purchased these batteries , i was very pleased , but that wore off after a couple of months . i do n't use my camera all that often , but when i do , i expect ther batteries to have some charge . i recharge them per instructions , and they do not hold a charge any longer.i know monster makes good products , but i am a little disappointed in this one
i got this from jnr . this unit powers up but the computer fails to detect it . i tried this on multiple computers . may be this was just a lemon . i will exchange it to a better brand
this bookstand , despite the description , is not suitable for heavy books . if you put heavy books on this , the stand that props up the whole unit is likely to snap off .
its made of flimsy plastic , and all the parts snap on . i 'm afraid to put a heavy book on there , because i 'm sure the parts will just snap off
in the ten minutes since i 've had it out of the box two pieces have fallen off . more importantly , it ca n't handle large manuals as advertised . ( the reason i purchased this particular book holder ) my 1000 page manual only fits if you happen to only want to read the middle chapter . based on that i estimate that this is a totally worthless product to anyone needing to go through a manual or training book more than five or six hundred pages . if you do n't anticipate needing it for a book that big then just glue the rubber feet on , keep an eye on the page retainers ( these are the parts that fell off ) and you should be ok. as for me , i 'm off to read amazon 's return policy and see if i can get rid of this useless hunk of plastic
i had to send this item back because it stopped playing cds . the sound quality was good , but the dependability of this item is questionable .
i purchased this memory card for a camera i was also purchasing . it was listed as an accessory to the camera on the same page . when i received the card first and then the camera , i was disappointed that the card was the wrong shape and size for the camera and would not fit . because i had opened the plastic package to the card , i was unable to return it . in fact , when i emailed the company who sent it , i never even received a response .
i am the type of person that always buys the extra warranty on whatever i purchase . however , i started reading the reviews on this company and many people reported that it was four weeks and counting and they still had n't received their refund check . i was astonished . i contacted n.e.w . myself and asked them about this . with no shame or embarrassment on the part of the customer service reps , i was informed that if i did everything by email , it would take at least 15 business days ( that 's three weeks ! ) to receive my refund check after i sent them the warrantied item . if i had them send me a pre-paid label for the defective item instead of using my own printer , it would take a week for me to receive and at least a week for them to receive the covered item . in other words , it would take no less than four weeks to receive the replacement check and possibly up to eight weeks ! i cancelled the contract immediately . it is just not worth it when you really do the math to purchase this contract . i would recommend buying a product from a company that first makes a quality product and then back it up with a good warranty and gives good customer service such as grado , sennheiser or koss . but stay away from these people ; that 's my feeling and my advice .
do n't buy this product . there , simple advice i wish someone had given me before i bought two of these . with the first one the battery died 13 months after purchase . since it was 30 days outside the warrantly , apple support told me " sorry , tough luck . " i made the mistake of buying another one figuring i just got a bad one and there was no way i could have the same problem again . wrong ! second ipod just died ( same battery problem ) - this one died within the warranty period but becuase it took me two weeks to get into the ipod store to see what was wrong and , of course , by the time i got in i was past the 12 month warranty period ( who keeps track of the purchase date ? i sure did n't ) . other than the fact that your substnatial investment will be worthless in about a year - it is a fantastic product . i 'm just sorry that it did n't last ( twice ! ) cause otherwise i 'd be a fan
about three years ago , maybe four , i bought two lexar cfii cards . one never worked , the other worked , but lost all data . i wrote to lexar , that i had two bad cards , they sent me one new card of the same size . i gave that to my girlfriend & told her to only use it on pix she did n't care about losing . i still have my card , in a ziplock . none of the file removal programs will get the images off , & i 've used all of them , & had their ( file removal ) tech help give up . in this day & age of " just make the item " i am upset . but you take your chances . do you want the only picture of your great grand-mother lost because you used a lexar ? i would n't , i use an actual sandisk card , myself . if they ever ( lexar ) made it right , i may have written a better review , but they have n't . so that tells me that they do n't care . how important are your pictures to you ? frederic
most people buy a ups , plug it in and never test it to make sure it works . i tested this device a number of times to make sure the software would at least shutdown the computer after an outage . i set it to shutdown windows after 1 minute . only the computer and a few small phone accessories are attached to it . after power was cut , it held the computer up and allowed it to shut down . then i restored power to the ups . after about 30 seconds , it beeped , clicked , and temporarily dropped power to the computer while it was rebooting ! so when it switches back from battery power it causes power to be interrupted . that is unacceptable . a ups should never drop power to the attached devices after power is restored to it .
if you have a cable modem for broadband connection to the internet , your unit will not be covered by the aps warranty on this device . lightning hit near our house and the motherboard plus router got fried . the cable modem stayed intact and we filed a claim with aps . they denied it saying backend surges through the cable may have caused the damage ( even though the modem was n't hurt ? )
i am still awaiting resolution of a problem i have with these drives . in writing dvds i get verification errors . this proboem arises if the drives are used in an external firewire enclosure . the drive works fine if internal in your computer attached to the ide bus , but there is an issue if attached to your computer by firewire
also import a cd , money down the drai
the drive arrived at the end of december , was quick to get up and running , and worked fine until yesterday . then it got the machine equivalent of " lockjaw " and i 've been unable to get the tray to release . so , it 's a good drive while it operates , but i 'll probably make sure i pay for at least a 1-year warranty on my next purchase . as far as my recommendation goes , it depends very much on how inconvenient it is when one 's drive fails . yesterday , i just went to a backup burner and kept working ; if i had needed to get the job done , and i had not previously developed a strategy of always keeping a backup device handy , i 'd have been in a seething , hair-pulling rage . computer hardware is never 100 % reliable , but is it worth the risk to purchase a device that is known to fail in less than a year
i never even traveled with it . it just stopped working completely making me lose data . never again i 'll buy anything from this company . this drive is a piece of rubbish !
got it at walmart ca n't even remove a scuff . i give it -100 good thing i could return it
i 've given it 2 stars instead of 0 because after i used this cd , the sound from my system did seem to be a little better ( the cd 's were not skipping as much ) . but the bottom line is it did n't fix the problem as the cds are still skipping noticeably , although not as bad as before . ... not sure if this has anything to do with the fact that my set has a 6-disk cd changer
the is perhaps the lease durable item i have purchased in 40 years . it lights up just fine , and it is a reassuring led gold , but it refuses to do anything with my xd card . it worked just fine for 3-4 days , then erased about 100 photos , all of them irreplaceable . cheap yes , but cheap junk .
great looking keyboard . unfortunately all it takes is one minor spill and the keyboard is destroyed . that includes cleaning . and do n't think you are ever going to take it apart and dry it . the keyboard self destructs after you have the , count them , 10s and 10s of screws . i called their customer support . they were n't like dell , nobody is that bad , but their resolution was to buy a new one from them for 50 % off their retail price . shipping was extra . so you save maybe $ 10 off street prices . all-in-all they are no longer the good company they were in the past . they need competition . so i 'm pulling out my old logitech from retirement . too bad they do n't make those old keyboards anylonger
i ordered this item after reading the positive reviews here . big mistake . upon setting everything up , it all worked great for about two hours... then the dreaded " unplug/protect " screen came up . now it wo n't turn on but for a few moments before returning to protect mode . ( and no , it 's not a short in the wires or overheating... it protects even when stone cold , and with no speakers plugged in ) i called sony and they say it is a short in the box . so now my two options are to unhook everything , repack exactly the way it came to me and reship back to the online store i bought it from ( with enormous hastle and expense ) or take the receiver in to a sony authorized service center ( which happens to be across town , and only open monday-friday , 9-5pm . so much for being convenient ) . this thing is brand new and already needs repairs ! ! on top of that , even out of the box , none of the video inputs worked . audio was fine , but video was dead as a doornail , right from the start . and even on top of the fact that this machine came broken... it sucks even when it works right ! the dvds take forever to load , and it comes with hdmi out , but no hdmi in ! so if you 're an hdmi user , i hope you have multiple hdmi inputs on your television... one for your cable box , one for this crappy system . this is a piece of junk . for the love of god , do n't waste your money
why would you want this item ? amazon is charging $ 50 more on this item than the 2nd generation shuffle ! and , according to what i have read , this shuffle is n't very derable . it does n't even last a year ! i do n't know about you , but i 'll get a 2nd generation shuffle
one day it just stopped working . i got the dreaded " orange and green flashing lights of death " ... the contents of the file space were un-recoverable... and i ended up just pitching it after extensive attempts to revive it . apparently this is yet another one of the bad products that apple likes to keep hush-hush
my shuffle suffered the blinking green-orange lights so i took it into the apple store . a salesman took 15 minutes to figure out that he could n't do anything , and said i would have to sign up for a appointment at the " genius " bar . at that appointment , the " genius " said he could n't fix it , and because he said he did n't know anything about engineering he could n't say whether the shuffle was not working because of a software or a hardware problem or both . apparently being an apple " genius " does n't involve understanding how things work , though it does appear to require having a trendy haircut . the 'genius " then offered a $ 10 discount on the purchase of a new shuffle - but could n't answer the question of why anyone would want to waste money on such a poorly designed thing . perhaps it should be retitled the " idiot bar .
the extendable arm breaks very easily . i had two of them and they both broke within the first month . the company does have a 3 month warranty but you have to pay for shipping to send it back to them and i have been waiting over a month for my replacement . very poor product . do not buy
i 'm the consumer of sandisk usb flash drives . i have used couple of sandisk flash drives ( i.e . 512mb mini , 256mb mini ) before i bought this product . performance wise this particular product is not doing good . it 's taking long time to copy files from my computers . even it 's taking long time to delete files from this disk . so i returned to amazon and looking for mini products from sandisk . i doubt all the micro products which is having capacity more than 512mb . now i 'm planning to buy 512mb or 1gb sandisk mini usb flash drive . better buy some good one than wasting your time on this product
these disks would not work with my sony brand dvd writer . i have tried several other brands and so far everything works but memorex .
to back up my personal dvd collection i burned 200 discs . 100 on these memorex dvd + r 's , 100 on philips dvd + r 's . every memorex had flaws during playback . every philips was flawless . i 've been buying memorex for years but i 'll never buy memorex again
overall the recorder worked ok. a moderate inconvenience was that once in a while the recorded dvds could not be finalized for unexplained reasons . however , that is irrelevant now . a few weeks ago , the unit stop working . i does not turn on at all . what a waist ! it is out of warranty now
here is the original review of this machine i wrote on june 17 , 2006 :  we bought this machine just over a year ago ( a year and two weeks , to be specific ) . we had another very similar panasonic dvd recorder ( dmr-e55 ) in a different room and wanted to be able to record and watch dvd-rams on both . for a long time , the es10s recorder worked fine . recently , though , it has begun making noises when starting up and shutting down , and now it occasionally has problems reading the disks , ejecting them , and even playing them . at first we thought this might be because we 'd recorded over the dvd-rams so many times . but today we tested one of them in the other machine , which has never made any similar noises , and the e55 had no problems with it . needless to say , we 're not happy that the es10s seems to be dying , especially since the 1-year warranty just ended . if you buy or own this machine , follow up on any strange noises as soon as you hear them if you 're within the warranty period , because the noises and problems just get worse . panasonic is usually a reliable brand , one we 've used for many years , but this machine seems to be a lemon . we 're actually going to write to panasonic about it--i 'll try to post again with the results . here is my update , which i wrote november 3 :  this is a follow-up review to the one above , which i wrote on june 17 . i wrote to panasonic after my machine had stopped working just after the warranty ended . they sent me a nice letter authorizing a free repair , including labor , of the machine at one of three places they listed . the places were all within a half-hour drive of my home . after doing some research , i chose one and brought in the machine . they fixed it by replacing " the entire internal mechanism " ( i do n't know what that means ) . we got the machine back from the repair shop near the end of july ; it 's now the beginning of november . the fixed machine worked fine for a while , but in the past few weeks , we 've been hearing the same old noises that were the beginning of the end for it before . i 'm going to try writing to panasonic again and asking for a refund , because this machine really seems to have something fundamentally wrong with it . it 's still working , but i know from the last time with these noises and efforts to read the disks that soon it wo n't . avoid this machine . again , the previous panasonic model ( dmr-e55 ) we bought has n't had any of these difficulties and continues to work great . we 're still big panasonic fans , but this particular model is a lemon .
i would only recommend this product if you need something that only lasts six months . there is a reason the warranty is only 90 days . the performance ( sound quality ) steadily declines over time . the ihome worked great when it was new , but it wo n't play songs from the ipod anymore , and the radio is a static box
so when i first got the ihome for christmas , i loved it . well , i loved it in spite of the glaring bright light , that even at its lowest setting has to be blocked for me to get to sleep . however , after awhile the ihome will not register my ipods existence at all . today i was able to enjoy thirty seconds of a song before it fell into disgrace again . i would not recommend this product if you want something that lasts . this device has become nothing more than a nuisance that wo n't even pick up radio stations . so , the alarm can only be set to a vaguely annoying beep when these functions are disabled . useless
we have had ours for almost a year - it still works great , but there is one big problem - the display is a white/violet bright light . great for visibility of the clock when you need it , but unfortunately , even when it 's on the lowest setting , it lights up our whole room ! my husband sleeps through it fine , but i need a dark room to fall asleep and i always have to throw a sweater or towel over it . we finally gave it up and switched back to our old clock radio
i like the features . i 'm satisfied with the sound . the user interface could be more intuitive . however , my overriding complaint is that the docking port ( as many other reviewers have mentioned ) is not reliable . the connection is poorly constructed , so just walking by the table on which it sits is often enough to make it think the ipod is n't there any more . if they could fix this quality problem , it would be well worth the $ 100 , but since it is very hard to get it to recognize the connection reliably you just ca n't justify it at any price
i mistakenly believed the hype that this thing would protect my computer from being killed , but instead , this thing has killed my computer for the second time in 4 days , emitting an un-stoppable ( i.e. , ca n't turn the feature off ) shriek alarm . how do smart , talented people idiotically convince themselves that a home product should have an ear-piercing shriek-alarm that ca n't be defeated / silenced ? in addition to doing far , far more damage than it can ever prevent , ask yourself -- do you want this un-stoppable ear-piercing shriek alarm going off in your house at 2a.m. ? i bought one apc product , and so far , they 're 100 % defective and 100 % deliterious to the use of my computer & it 's a matter of time before it 's deliterious to my sleep .
let 's be honest . this product ai n't cheap . it 's not something you can just throw away if it decides to stop working . i bought mine at cpenusa.com . delivery was great , only took them a couple of days . however , my c-pen cable was damaged . the connector to the c-pen was , for some reason , cut in half . without it , you ca n't recharge or connect the c-pen to the pc . i called their main office all the way in sweden during the office hours . no response . i sent three e-mails to cpenusa . no response . i do n't care if the product itself is great ( i 'll never know now , will i.. ) . if you 're unable to receive support when you need 'em , you 're screwed . if you 're just interested in electronic equipments , just want to try things out and do n't really care if you 're on your own , go ahead and try it . let me know how this thing really is . otherwise , buy a product that you can trust on with respect to after-sales support
i have been charged however i did not get a copy of the policy to date .
i bought this item like 2 months ago , and now it 's broken . i 'm sooo frustrated . i 'd not recommend buying this item
this was a great mouse for about the first year i owned . after one year is when all of the problems started . the mouse now loses connection sproadically and sometimes it does n't want to connect at all . i have changed the battery quite a few times and that does n't seem to help . it is very tempremental , and i have now given up and am shopping for a replacement . so , a word to the wise - in my experience the mouse will work great for a while , just be prepared to replace it in a year or so
this is a good product - sounds great , gets good battery life , everything you 'd hope for in an ipod dock . but it has one major flaw . the ipod docking port is really flimsy , and has no structural support aside from the actual electronics themselves . after a little bit of use , the connection between the ipod and the dock deteriorated to the point that the volume fluctuated up and down , and sometimes the sound cuts out all together . if they added some kind of simple support so that bumping the ipod would n't stress the electronics , i 'd give this thing 5 stars . but without that , it simply breaks quickly , and no longer performs its only job - to sound good .
this is a poorly designed remote . i have six devices connected to my hd television set . the software depends on the user assigning positions to the various inputs to the tv and , in my case , routinely activated the wrong device when i used the remote . i purchased a logistics harmony remote and it works perfectly . at this point the only thing that i use the remote for is to remotely turn on my satellite receiver at a certain time during the day to record to replay tv ( which can not turn the tv on and off ) .
with a full charge it does not last more than 10min , could not take more than more 15 pics in my camera canon pro1 . the original battery works well more than 250 pics on each charge . initially i thought this problem was because it was new battery but after several cycles it does not work at all . i 'll try to get a refund and check their customer service too
i am disappointed in this product . i was suppose to write to you from the weekend . my two rear speakers just stop working , and also my remote control . i have replace the batteries , but still does not work . i do n't have any other rear speakers to try on the system . pleasy me what to do . thank you epiphane flaviu
one out of every 4 discs would fail on me when i 'd burn to this media at 4x . slowing down the burn to 2x did n't help either ! i own a sony dru500a with the latest firmware . memorex is n't on their compatibility list . lesson learned : check the compatibility list before buying
i 've got a lite-on dvdrw sohw-1673s burner ( revision js02 ) in my fast g4 mac running os x tiger and burning with toast titanium 7 . although my burner is nominally 16x-capable , it only burns at about 6x in my setup , probably due to the slow ( ata 33 ) bus it 's on . i 've used a number of different brands of 8x and 16x disks , both + r and -r , and have had a verification failure rate of less than 2 % -- so few , in fact , that i often do n't bother verifying video dvd 's anymore when burning tdk or maxell discs . ( i always verify data dvd 's , since errors in those are not ignorable . ) but with memorex , i 've gotten about 20 % failures , including a couple of aborted burns ! in one case , the disc had a blank band between two burned ones ! the memorex discs i 'm referring to have manufacturer id " cmc mag , am3 " . according to videohelp.com , these are sold under at least 7 different brand names . the reviews there are rather mixed , which is not imho good enough ! i have not , btw , have had any problems with the memorex dvd + r discs i 've tried . but i stopped using them because one of my players wo n't recognize the + r format
i did the research on this product and it was one of the best . i do n't know that to be true due to the fact that the software that they sent me was a demo version that was outdated for use . i have to buy another software package to opperate the product that had stated in the description that the software was included . one if not the only reason i had purchased it . i e-mailed tiger.com and received no reply . if your going to sell something false advertisement is not the way
this model was intended as a replacement for my not-very-old and yet quite functional panasonic pm-series stereo . this is the kind of thing that happens when you browse amazon while drunk late at night . unfortunately , with the exception of a very slight advantage in audio quality , the sony is in all respects inferior ; ergonomics , appearance , and above all , fm reception , which is laughably poor . do not buy this stereo if you expect a quality receiver . hiss abounds , several local stations i heard previously are now unreachable , and to top it off , sony has stuck with their time-honored habit of using proprietary connectors , so when i went to plug in an after-market antenna to get better reception , i found a weird little plug that i had n't noticed when i put the damned thing together . grrr . so now i 'm going to sell this thing and buy a nice new panasonic with the proceeds . death to sony
i have owned five of these ups units over the past four years . i purchased three for my mac and pc at home . then i had to purchase two replacements for units that simply quit . currently only one still works ! i have very infrequent power outages , perhaps three in the past four years . these units work well to allow you to save your work and shut down . my g5 mac was so power hungry that i had to use one for the computer and another for the 23 inch lcd . i ca n't comment on other ups brands such as belkin , but i have seen many competing brands on the web and at the computer stores . there seen to be quite a few dealers selling refurbished apc products but this may be a reflection of apc 's popularity rather than the poor reliability of their brand . my experience over the past four years has been mixed . these are not inexpensive units and you have to decide how precious your data becomes . if you really fear the loss of data during a blackout then the answer is clear . i chose to switch to high quality surge suppressors and never work during potential storms . many users do not have that flexibility so a ups is essential insurance . the units i puchased were identical and only one unit is still operational after four years . i can accept the need to replace the battery every one to two years ; three of the batteries failed and alarms beeped until i bought new batteries . prices vary from $ 15 to $ 50 depending on the vendor . battery life depends on many factors so i do n't begrudge apc for wear and tear on the battery but to have 4 out of 5 units simply stop working is unacceptable . i bought apc branded batteries and ca n't explain why the recurrent failures . i 'm frustated with my apc products but it may be a problem with this model . just beware of the hidden costs of battery replacement when purchasing an ups
while the silicon used in the construction of the sleeve is very nice ( feels grippy but not sticky if you know what i mean ) , some of the features are just wrong . for instance , the opening for the hold switch on top was apparently cut wrong and does not line up with the switch at all - requiring you to have to push the cover around so you can flip the hold on or off . also , for whatever reason , the edge of the sleeve is right at the headphone jack which causes it to be somewhat difficult to keep some headphones seated during use ( the sleeve can work its way in and pop the jack out ) . the armband is satisfactory at best - it 's just a standard , no frills , velcro armband
i was tempted by the cheap price and got myself a 10 pack . they are rated at 2000 mah , but run out of juice after the digital camera has shot maybe 5 frames . my 2 year old panasonic 1600 mah in contrast can run the same camera for over a 100 shots . i tried these batteries in my mp3 player - and even there , it wo n't supply enough juice after an hr worth of playback . it is not that the battery does not hold any charge - that it has . but it just does not supply the peak current required by most digital devices . it seems to be all right for use in a flashlight . a set of batteries that will not power a camera will power a flashlight ( a bit dimly ) for hours ( yeah - i tested it ) . for the test , i had charged the panasonics and the lenmars for the same duration ( it is not a charger issue ) . i plan to complain to the state consumer affairs department regarding this brand and hope action is taken against shady products which are nothing but rip-offs . one last tip - nowadays , the best nimh batteries are made by sanyo . it is better to pay 2 - 4 times for them than for a lenmar . trust me
this product is not for the heavy handed after 2 weeks of use one of the slots was non functional because spring leaf to hold the card against the contacts some how managed to get bent into the path of the card , and seeing that the slot is for a flash card it is almost impossible to get any tool to fit to do any 'repairs' . on the bright side it did work with the stated flash types
this gps comes with us map on the sd card and canada map on the included cd but never the twain shall meet . by car i 'm a few hours from canada and several days from the eastern us but i ca n't swap out the faraway eastern us part of the map on the tomtom go 300 for a nearby canadian map . it 's either all canada or all contiguous us . this is a major functional flaw if you live near the us/canada border or live further away and like to take cross-border trips . oh , and if you do decide to swap out the us map , be sure to save it on your computer first - tomtom does n't bother to provide a backup on the cd so if you do n't first make your own backup before changing to the canadian map you ca n't later get the us map back
the tomtom has great features . but i returned mine . first , the maps are very dated . this makes it iffy at best . it has terrific potential , if it worked . you can use a pda stylus on the map sitting at home outside on batteries to plan a trip . it 's amazing . but i wanted to plan a 600 mile trip myself using it 's internal maps and waypoints . but i tried a local test first . i used roads as waypoints , main roads . this way i can force the tomtom to use my routes . i did not like it 's choices , since it is a dated map database . i set up a local route , and started to follow it . it took me to the first road/waypoint no problem . but it would not go past the first waypoint . i would go down the road ( first waypoint ) then it would tell me to take a u turn ! . i did . then it said take another u turn . it had me going in circles . perhaps it 's not made to use roads as waypoints , but all indications it gave were that it would . the manual was no help . support was no help . so it went back . i have ordered a garmin i2 . hope this is ok . i have taken the same trip from se fl usa to sc usa with a garmin c330 . the garmin has maps that you can not update , but got me to my destination no problem . i do n't recommend this tomtom . do research . go to manufactures websites and look at unit manuals . hope this helps
i have so for used inav iguidance,mapopolis,navigon navigator 5 and the blue logger & street atlas usa .out of all these the blue logger & street atlas usa is the worst and inav iguidance 2.1.1 is the best .blue logger gps hardware is good but v impractical to use bcuz of its strange onoff button... . i will not recommend it to anyone....simply waste of time and mone
this is a complete waste of money for a number of reasons . 1 . this hub will not work with any usb powered devices . so forget being able to charge your phone or running an unpowered external disk through this hub . 2 . extremely slow usb 1.1 . this device is not usb 2.0 compliant  3 . it is clunky  4 . does not comke with a power adapte
i have owned this little hub for at least a year . i have an older pc which came without usb , so i added a pci adapter . i soon realized that i needed more ports , and more convenience , than the two now located in the backplane of the pc on the floor . i shopped around , and this item looked appropriate . as for the short cord , i solved that issue by getting a usb extension cord at the same time . besides solving the immediate problem , this approach gave me the option of moving the hub to my laptop at some point , and using the extension cord for some other purpose . for a long time it did exactly what it was supposed to do . i attached an external hard drive through it . i used it for a compact flash card reader , and a digital camera . i connected an inkjet printer . everything worked , once the drivers were installed and everything was set up correctly . ( this was all with windows 98 se . )  but after a while , things started getting less reliable . the system would tell me that various " drives " ( on the flash card reader , or the external hard drive ) were not available . or the digital camera would not stay connected to its software . and the printer even started disappearing . playing with the cables and connectors would sometimes bring devices back to life , and eventually i deduced that there was something wrong either with the connectors themselves being too loose , or with wiring inside the device . either way , it has finally become a big problem , and i am shopping for a replacement . most of the devices i connected were self-powered , that is , they did not need to draw power from the hub or the pci channel at all . the hard drive , camera , and printer were all powered by batteries or ac adapters of their own . and the flash card reader , which did draw power from the hub , used to work fine . it does not matter what combination of devices i try , sooner or later the connection goes bad . it is of course possible that there 's something wrong in the pc -- but that would not explain why things are improved by messing with the connectors or the hub itself . so i have to recommend against buying it . i suspect it is discontinued and that this advice wo n't be necessary for much longer , but i want to prevent somebody from the bother i 've been through , just in case
this amazon listing also suggests buying the soundsticks along with airport express . if you 're thinking of connecting them to the usb port of express , apple says it wo n't work . ( apple airport express faqs
install went smooth on my w2k/dell inspiron notebook . everything worked fine for 24 hours then it just stopped . worked with customer support for about an hour getting nowhere . this thing is junk . i 'm sending it back
from looking at the d-link website and talking to five tech support staff , it appears that there are countless versions of this card , each with different driver software . the one i got came with a cd with the wrong drivers . with tech support , i finally found the 8 mb driver file i was supposed to download . however , they did not provide any instructions on how to install the new driver . the normal " automatic " approach did not work . and their instructions did not match the screens i was getting on windows xp sp 2 . so i called back again . and again . and again . despite being given a case file , each time i was asked the same questions , including what , exactly , is wrong . and each time i was told to do the same thing : install from the cd . reboot . remove the program . reboot . install from the new driver . reboot . remove the program . talk to a senior tech support person . install from cd . reboot . etc . it would have been easier to send the card with the right files on the cd . a clearly designed website would be second best . and tech support that knows what they 're doing and speaks intelligble english would be a nice last resort . i spent three hours calling d-link technical support and speaking to five people , and they could not tell me how to install the software for this card ! i am not alone in this experience ; see cnet 's web site user reviews of the dwl-g650 . another reviewer reports that this software damaged his operating system . i believe he is right . it appears to have damaged my screen font for windows message boxes . i have been unable to repair it . the dwl-g650 is bad news . i give them two stars cause they actually have tech support , though in this case it was utterly worthless . back it goes
i would like to believe that this hub works well- but i would n't know . i bought it to reduce clutter on my desk from all my devices hooking into my powermac . i hooked up my printer , ipod and digital camera and nothing happened . i called targus and they said i needed an a/c adaptor . it does n't come with one and does n't say anything about one in the manual or instructions , or their website . they said i could get it at radio shack and gave me the info ( 5 volt , 2.1 amp , center positive ) . i 've been to two radio shacks and online- they do n't carry it . i 'm upset . any advice
i have read all 181 reviews and decided that half the reviewers did not get the model that i did . or else they wrote their review too soon . i bought mine in june 2006 . it failed before the store warranty ran out . one down . the replacement lasted a month or two before it hung and would n't boot . two down . sandisk honored their 1 year warranty with a prompt free rma . that one also failed . three down . they replaced it with both a m230 and a 2gb c150 . the c150 hung after about 2 weeks . four down . i have been using the m230 for two weeks now and hope it lasts until the c150 replacement arrives . i have gotten quite good at the rma game and intend to keep playing it either until my warranty runs out or i get one of those that other people rave about . i do n't think i 'll buy another sandisk - unless it is free and has a lifetime warranty . i suggest that everyone with a failed m230 to exercise thier warranty rights . sandisk needs to know the true reliability of their products .
we have been unsuccessful with this e-reader attachment since we purchased it . cards read once and never again . does n't matter if we use the gb sp or advance . still does n't do anything . do n't recommend you waste your money
i just cam from las vegas and the sandisk has a disk error that does n't allow for more photos after only using 40mb . i have tried to format the disk using the camera and through windows xp . it does n't allow it to be formatted . bad investment ! ! ! would not recommend the product unless there is a way i can get a refund or an exchange
the second disc in this package was faulty , which i did not discover until i spent two hours recording a movie . there was what appeared to be a half inch bare spot on the outer edge of the dvd + r . not what i expected from memorex which purports to be the best . i have switched to maxell
replaced first spindle and still junk . will always stick with verbatim from now on
i bought this same brand of discs sometime last year on this very site . i was very pleased with the purchase then . i did n't have one problem with the discs . i bought another pack recently and i 've been using the pack i just bought . all of the discs are messing up for me . i can understand having a few problematic discs but this is insane to have a whole pack of discs and every single one of them messes up for you . i wish i could send these discs back and get a refund . this purchase has scared me away from anything else related to memorex . i thought memorex was a very reliable brand and they would make sure they were sending out top notch items to consumers . i guess i was wrong . and apparently you get what you pay for . do n't be fooled by the good price . you 'll just be out of your money and stuck with discs that would n't even be worth using as a frisbee . find another brand to use and avoid this brand
was a little hard putting it together . you have to be very careful taking the cds out or it would fall apart . i am not happy with this product
i have the older , larger version of this product . however , it uses the same software . the labels are great and the spring device that is used to apply the labels is great , but the software is awful . there is no direct macintosh program ; rather there are templates . they were written for old versions of software and really do n't work right . the windows side includes an actual print shop-style program which works awfully . if you do get this , make your own template on appleworks or powerpoint
they totally misrepresent this product . it does not work with macs . i feel cheated and lied to by memorex , shame on you
after serveral months of use , " card error " was shown on my canon digital rebel for my 512mb viking card , which was half full with pictures . fortunately , i just lost a few of pictures . i tried to format the file ; " card error " kept occuring on my rebel . this 512mb viking card is now used for my data files . probably , 512mb viking cards are not designed for high mega pixel camera and taking many shots in a short period of time ( i.e . 3 shots/sec. ) . my canon a40 has no problems when used with the 512mb viking card so far . probably , i am going to buy a 512mb card from sandisk or simple tech
i purchased this and am not impressed . note that " works with all click wheel ipods " is n't true . it does not work with photo ipods ( at least the 60 gb model ) . i 'm on vacation and had to remove the cover to get it to fit . i 'm ordering a 'photo dock ' since i ca n't see any way to get a cover that is made for the 60gb/photo model . if i 'd known this , i 'd purchased only the stereo cable and the photo dock separately , since i already have a charger ( came with it... ) . grr . : -
heres a new one....i have recently bought two spindles of these discs , and my computer ( imac w/ intel chip-hardly outdated ) simply doesnt recognize them-like i never put in a disc at all . the kicker is that this spring , i also ordered two spindles of these discs ( exactly the same as far as i can tell ) , from which i burned one hundred discs ( not a single faulty one ! ) for a freind overseas . i have no idea what the deal is , but have a feeling that the issue is not the quality of the discs . anyone got ideas ?
the card works as advertised but sandisk does not send in mail-in-rebate . even though i mailed it in with the upc barcode , sandisk sent me a post card stating that i needed to resubmit it with the barcode . how can i resubmit when they already have the barcode ? in my experience with sandisk , i got rebate back on one of two cards that i submitted - so you get mail-in rebate 50 % of the time with sandisk . i think mail-in-rebate is a big hoax perpetrated by these companies . do n't trust it !
i purchased 2 sets of these earphones for a 2 hour flight . my husband and i both used them , and we both took them out of our ears after 20 minutes . they were great at first , but after 20 minutes they really started to hurt our ears . the inside of my ears were so sore i could n't even adjust the earphones when they started coming out , that 's how bad my ears hurt . i had the foam pad over them too , and it made no difference . i would not recommend these
this was the worst purchase of any type of computer hardware that i have ever made . it felt very light and flimsy , the definition of cheap plastic . not just the construction but the performance was terrible . it would work perfectly for about a half hour and then go on a break and do nothing for about 10 minutes . this was very very frustrating . maybe i was just unlucky and received a defective one , but i would n't take that chance again . i wish i could give this device a worse rating , somewhere around -4 would be much more appropriate .
in each pack there have been several dvd 's that are n't any good . too many bad discs in my opinio
i bought the ads upconverter because i bought a hdtv only to find out that my cable co. did n't offer hdtv and after 3 failed attempts to switch to a satellite provider that did offer hdtv ( too many trees around my house ) . i was n't expecting the upconverter to magically turn my standard signals into an amazing hdtv picture , but for $ 550 + i was expecting the upconverter to do something that was actually noticable . when i first turned in on i asked my wife to look at the picture and tell me what she thought . she looked at the tv and said okay i 'm ready turn it on . i said &quot ; it is on ! ! &quot ; this is pretty much the reaction i had also when i looked at it . the image i got for my digital cable was certianly different , but that 's all it was , different . it was not noticably better . in fact , in some instances i though the picture was worse . i called ads tech support and they kept insisting i try it with my dvd because that is what the product is best for ( even though that 's not what i got it for ) . so i did and to be honest i really preferred the picture i got directly from my dvd over the picture i got after running it thru the upconverter . it did n't matter what display format i put it in it just did n't do anything to improve the picture . save your money . if you ca n't get hdtv do n't expect this box to give you anything close to the next best thing
i was impressed with the charger for about 1 month---than it stopped charging the nimh batteries it came with . i took it back to best buy only to find that all of the rapid chargers on thier shelf did not work either . a sales person and i tested them all , hoping i would be able to exchange my broken one with one that worked . it was more disappointing after calling kodak ---they were unable to replace it or get my money back . i thought purchasing a kodak was a smart decision , however , they did not stand behind their product which was very disappointing .
i did not read the prior reviews , i bought this item &amp ; loaded the software that came with it in the sealed box from target.com . the mfg software disc contains two viruses one in quicktime &amp ; the other in totally hip files . target has been notified that the software is corupt with viruses &amp ; that the mfg has gone out of business . this item is only useful as a drawing tablet thru other software programs like paint shop pro as there is no web site access or tech support available for this item
i just recently bought this and when i installed it norton caught 2 viruses on the install cd .
i purchased this item and was excited to get them , but burning my first dvds.. they 're all coasters ! arg.. pass memorex and go for a more expensive media , like verbatim
as far as i can tell this thing does n't work at all . i have now tried it on 3 cds and it did not repair any of them . i should have just replaced the cds
how do i assign a rating ? as several other people have experienced , my unit is also doa . i received it , plugged it in , pressed 'clean ' , and the motor started up . i popped open the cover , put in the disc i wanted cleaned , and pressed 'clean ' again . nothing . terrible quality control . what 's worse is the unit case is glued together -- no way to open it up to try to fix the electronics inside without mutilating it and voiding warranty
it did n't work properly from the time it came out of the box . the carousel would n't make a complete rotation , so cds and dvds would get 'trapped ' inside the unit . and occasionally , it would simply refuse to play a dvd altogether . panasonic has directed us to a local repair shop , so maybe they can get it to function as it should . if you do purchase one , please read the warranty carefully ; a defective unit will either have to be repaired or replaced with a refurbished one . panasonic informed me that they do not replace malfunctioning units with new ones , under any circumstances .
bad disc error - possible fix  after about 8 months just like the other reviewer it stopped working . i kept getting bad disc error on a new dvd i bought . i tried good discs that worked before but now got the same bad disc error . this is not the first time i had problems loading . previously , unplugging and plugging it in again sometimes corrected the problem . this time after two weeks of bad disc errors , i was about to toss it when i decided what the heck , i 'll check inside to see if it 's dirty or something . first i unplugged the unit . i removed the 6 screws holding the cover . you may have to pull the sides out a bit if it catches to lift it off . with my expertise knowledge . * eyeroll * i nudged the lense mechanism . it apparently slides to read the discs . i plugged the dvd in and loaded a disc again to see what happens . the lense slid under the tray and started reading the disc . i 'll take the elation of dumb luck over the satisfaction calculated knowledge any day ! lol  so hopefully this will last a little longer . but at least i can use it again for now .. . i am downrating it to 2 stars solely on the bad disc error . the viewing quality and performance is decent and covered by other reviewers
hi ! i bought my cyberhome 300 in april 2006 , and was able to set the region code to " 0 " to watch all dvd 's . after not using the dvd player for a few weeks ( and unplugging it ) , the region code has automatically set back to " 1 " and i can not change it anymore ! what happened ? ? when i try to change it now i can only choose between the settings " 1 " and " - " . anyone who has the same problem ? thank yo
this item worked for a while , but required fiddling ( unplugging and replugging repeatedly ) with the lighter socket each time i restarted my car . eventually , however , it blew out the fuses in both my lighter sockets . do n't waste your money on this piece of crap
the product not only did not work but blew out fuses in my car . the mechanic who checked my car out said the device had a dead short in it . i have written to your customer service department and asked for money back but to no avail . i will not purchase another thing from amazon until my money is refunded
this unit failed to provide reliable power to my new toshiba satellite a60 laptop . it cycled on and off every 3 seconds . it powered a 100 watt lamp okay , but would n't start a 250 watt heat lamp at all . product spec sheet says it can supply 400 watt surge and 200 watts for 2 min. , and is rated at 140 watts continuous . my laptop power supply is rated at 2a input at 100-240 vac , and if it drew 2a constantly i agree that it would need 200 to 230 watts , which exceeds the continuous rating of this inverter . however , even at that power demand the inverter should run it for 1-2 min. , but only manages 3 sec . in addition , i doubt that the laptop power supply actually draws a full 2.0 amps continuously . i talked to linksys support , and they suggested returning the unit for replacement or refund , so i did . it did not work for me . maybe it would work for a laptop that only needs 100 watts , but i would n't recommend it for more than that
i did n't notice any change in the operation of my cd writer after cleaning . the cleaner was supposed to play music while it cleaned ( 30 minutes ) it did n't
when i first started using this , i loved it . it worked fine in my car cassette deck and had decent sound . in fact , i bought a second one for my wife . then , after about two weeks , it stopped working . it would no longer play in my cassette deck , which ejected it as soon as i put it in every time . i tried contacting coby 's support on the web , but they were unresponsive . luckily , amazon took it back for a refund . note that they no longer sell these directly . bet they had too many returns. .
when this adapter first arrived , i thought it was great . the sound quality was excellent , and free of all the distortion and interference i get from using an fm transmitter-style adapter ( there are few open frequencies in the sf bay area ) . the first day , i used it for about 20 minutes total ( did n't have far to drive ) , and it worked great . the second day i had a bit farther to drive . after about 30 minutes , it quit . has n't worked again since . i did n't expect it to last forever , but less than an hour ? yes , it has a 1 year warranty : just send the unit back with a money order ( $ 6 ) to cover the return postage . of course , then you 're spending more in postage than you originally spent for the unit. .
this dvd player does play all types of dvds no matter how you burn it . but like other reviews , it stopped working after 3-6 months . in my case , it was 3 months . it just does n't turn on anymore . i unplugged everything and replugged it but it just went dead . i do n't watch dvds much , so it 's not like i overused it . go with another model . this one has problems . i thought mines would be the exception , but i guess not . and now i ca n't return it because it 's been over 30 days .
the panasonic cd player has a good sound quality , but does not automatically change from one cd to the next . it requires manual switching via the remote control to change from one cd to another . this feature was not explicitly stated in the specifications , and is misleading to a buyer who is seeking continuous playing of all five cd 's
i 've had the x2 for roughly 14 months . the x2 was used for watching movies ( about once every 2 weeks ) and big sports event ( ncaa/nfl finals.. etc ) . the unit worked up to about 1200 hrs , then the lamp blew . i was hoping to get to at least 1500 hrs before the lamp went out . good picture quality for the price ( 799 ) but short lamp life ( get extended warranty ) . check other units first
i had this card for more than 6 months , and it worked super in my canon powershot a510 . transfers went well too . then all of a sudden for no reason i kept getting " card error " on my computer and digital camera a week ago . my sd/usb converter could n't find the card either . i had really good photos i wanted to transfer to my computer and now they are probably lost for good . what a joke
i found that these dvd-rs did not work well in my system , were unreliable and slow . i can not recommend them
i have tried these dvdrs with the burner i bought from amazon and they do not work , i will try them again and send an email to you . i bought a few imation to try in the burner to ensure it wasnt faulty and they worked ! ! ! what is up with these dvds ?
i plugged my nano into this charger for about 10 minutes and picked it up to check it out - it almost burnt my hand . my nano is now toast ! i hope it just toasted the battery and not the whole device
i liked this when i first got it... very cheap , handy to travel with or leave at work , etc . after a couple months , it died completely... the little power light would n't even come on . i 'm really disappointed all i have now is a charger that does n't work .
i purchased this wireless card based on the price , figuring that even if it did n't live up to the good reviews here , i would only be out ~ $ 20 . the set up was easy and smooth , but the card wo n't stay connected to my wireless network . i 've got a belkin wireless router . the trendnet signal meter generally shows ~ 95 % signal strength , but the connection only lasts for a few minutes , and i have to keep cycling the connection to regain network access--very annoying . i know there 's nothing wrong with the network because my laptop 's connection is stable . i purchased a d-link card , and it has worked flawlessly . unfortunately , i threw away the packaging when the trendnet card arrived ; if i had n't , then this card would be on its way back to amazon now . like the title of my review says : you get what you pay for . . .
i have many linksys devices and this is by far the worst one . i love linksys stuff , which is why eveything that i own involving networking is linksis . but this thing is a piece of crap and now i cant recover the 60 gigs of personal pictures that were on my hardrive because of this things format . spend a little more money and get a dedicated network attached storage hard drive
my company supplies these cordless headsets to its employees so i have alot of experience using headsets . this is the latest upgrade and it is the worst unit i have ever used . it works great for about 3 or 4 months on average . after that , the voice unit stops working . i can hear others speaking to me but no one can hear me . i have gone through 4 of these units in 13 months and the longest lived unit lasted &lt ; 5 months . one broke after &lt ; 2 months . other colleagues have complained about the same thing happening with their units . after the experiences i have had with this piece of junk , i would never buy anything from plantronics with my own money . avoid this rubbish
i 'm a cartoonist . i need to be able to print color images for clients . i bought this printer two years ago from staples , for $ 2500 ! worked great for a couple months , after which the toner cartridges started leaking and the print quality rapidly dimished . do not buy this printer ! i 'm reluctant to buy anything else from hp , knowing that how it performs on the sales floor can be markedly different from how it will perform after a couple months of light use
we 've had this printer at my office for about 2 1/2 years . it 's a giant waste of money . magenta cartridges spew toner everywhere . cyan cartridges streak . it 's even worse when you use the manual feed . hp has no answers because they deny all the issues . hp 's support is lackluster at best anyway . the first time when this machine was under warranty it took me three weeks worth of phone calls to get anything accomplished with them . stay away from this printer at all costs . if you own one it makes a nice doorstop or paperweight . this is totally unacceptable considering toner and printer costs . i expect more from a product with the hp brand stamped on the box . to bad you ca n't give 0 stars
obviously hp has a design flaw on the magenta cartridges . i have also experienced leakage from only the magenta ( why only this one ?
powder from the toner cartridges get all over the inside of the printer and then ruins every page that is printed . every page that is printed from my printer has a greyish color due to the powder dirt inside . it is impossible to clean it since the powder is everywhere . the only way to get it clean would be to bring it to a car wash ( obviously this would leave the printer with bigger problems than page color ) . what a waste of money ! ! ! good thing my office bought it and not me or i would be furious
we travel quite a bit , both business and pleasure , domestic and international... so the idea of a pocket wireless router was a god send . we bought this one at the beginning of our annual leave ( aka tour the us in a month ) . we 'd heard good things about the d-link but with the rebates , this one was practically free.... there was a reason it 's always on sale . it took forever to set up . the old firmware is buggy , the new firmware is difficult and touchy to install . the router itself does not seem to be compatible with most personal cable/dsl modems . out of the eight houses we were in , it would only work with one , although it appeared to connect with several others . it did work with the ethernet connection of about 70 % of the hotels... but that 's not a great average . it also gets very very hot and than will quit working until it cools down again . frustrating . after the first week we went out and got the pocket d-link.. excellent- plug it in and it works everywhere : personal homes , questionable modems , hotels , etc... we have used it from alabama to bangkok and everywhere in between . it 's also about half the size of the netgear . save the hassle and get it first . ... also a tip , pick up a little usb wi-fi adaptor with your router . you will find that many people without a wireless router already , will only have a desktop , and you will need to make it " wireless " as you will be connecting their modem to your router .
i hoping to use the wgr101 to provide wireless , encrypted access to two laptops from a wired ethernet connection in a hotel . it worked fine in single-user , no encryption mode but that is not what i needed . i experienced severe problems trying to use it in single user mode with wep or in multi-user mode with and without wep . one or both laptops would lose the ability to connect to the internet at seemingly random intervals . sometimes cycling the laptop wireless radio would restablish the connection , sometimes i had to reboot the laptops , sometimes i had to reboot the wgr101 , and sometimes i had to reboot the laptops and the wgr101 . stay away from this product unless single user , unencrypted access is what you need
my sangean dt200v pocket radio failed after 2.5 years of infrequent use . i kept it in a padded pocket of my briefcase where it experienced no significant shocks or temperature extremes . it worked perfectly on the few occasions when i used it over the 2.5 year period , until yesterday . the buttons , switches , and display still work perfectly , but only very faint white noise can be heard , whether via speaker or via earphone . the volumn of the faint white noise is not significantly affected by the volumn control . the batteries are new , and there is no corrosion from the previous batteries .
perhaps i got a lemon , but i feel wary of buying another dt200v for 2 reasons :   1 . from the day i got it , the power button was so sensitive that a tiny waft of air ( no kidding ) would turn it off ( or back on ) at whim . right in the middle of a song , or talk , this shortly became maddening . since this is unacceptable for a $ 50-range radio ; and since i did n't want to spend as much money mailing it to and fro as it was worth , instead of sending it back - ( oh looking back , how i should have ! ) - i opened it up myself , and had to physically shave down the plastic underside of the on/off button where it touched the internal power switch . as i could n't conversely move the guts further from the button , this was the only solution . thankfully this worked , and the on/off button did not give me further problems after this . however ,  2 . not many weeks or months of use in , the radio developed this habit of shorting out or something to where my pre-set stations just scanned as blank 'fuzz ' ( no station , not even 'intelligent ' fuzz/crackle like it knew a station existed anywhere on the planet ) and i could get zero stations of anything at all--not fm , not am , and no tv . this would happen right after turning the radio on , and i should note that i always used headphones ( not the ones supplied ; as with most , throw them away , they 're not worth it ) . it seemed to me through trial and error that just turning the radio on was fine , but the act of plugging in some headphones joggled some connection or shorted something out , and did this . i tried several different pair and types of headphones ( some with noise cancelling switches , some without , and with these on and off ) , and used the 'lock ' switch on the radio both in the on and off position while plugging in my headphones ( as the company i bought them from recommended turning the lock switch on when changing batteries , to prevent shorts ) , but nothing i have done has prevented this from eventually happening again...repeatedly . it is really annoying when it does , as removing the batteries ( which always will lose all your presets , by the way ) and waiting several minutes rarely clears the short . weirdly , the thing i 've found which clears the short or re-makes whatever connection is messed up correct itself , is opening up the back ( screwdriver required ) and kind of pushing the guts ( board ) one direction or another , kind of scooting it ( there 's minimal movement available , though ) , and saying a little prayer and putting the whole thing back together again . most of the time , that has worked . occasionally , i 've had to repeat the process 3-5 times before it will . sometimes it lasts several weeks before this 'll happen again , other times , it happens multiple times a day . the day i ca n't fix it ( i do n't even know what i 'm doing that 's fixing it ! ) , i 'll throw it across the room , against a wall , and i probably _won't_ buy another one . ( if i do , i 'm keeping the receipt , never opening up the back as it voids any warranty , and returning it ( not for repairs--for a refund ! ) the split second it gives me any trouble of any kind . )      for all this , i grudgingly say that it does have very good reception quality of fm ( i almost exclusively listen to this ) , pulls the stations in nicely , and has very low amount of static . when one particular station does , it 's usually more the fault of distance , or we 're getting out of range , or the batteries are very low- that 's at fault . indoors in a computer-saturated office-cubby environment and not near a window , though , i 'd have to say , it has had some significant problems pulling in any more than 3-4 strong-signal stations without major static . but your office environs may vary . ( some are more electrical field saturated than most . )  the fm ( musical ) sound quality itself is good/decent , and i might say better than many...but my 1 criticism on it is a certain 'canniness ' of sound quality ( across various headphones i 've plugged in ) . it 's lacking some fullness of the midrange , and warmth . also , the bass is not what it could be . i 'm not sure given its overall sound quality signature if the addition of a bass boost button would have helped it or not . for me , clarity and volume have helped me ignore some of the lesser aspects of the dt200v 's sound signature . however , shopping for my next purchase , that will move up higher in importance
this has to be the worst keyboard i 've purchased . it 's my first wireless . i 've used and sold several keyboards and none have fealt as cheap as this . with the added snap-on plastic palm rest it sets the base up too high . without it there is a 'hump ' where your palms go that puts your hands an an uncomfortable angle . the plastic is really bad . it feels really cheap and slick . before i purchased this i had been trying to get in tough with logitech about their products and compatability but they never bothered to respond . so , bad product....company on the slide.....does n't add up to a good value . logitech used to be the best company out there...or at least one of the best.. .
though i like the keyboard , i 've found two serious problems with the mouse . first , it is very sensitive to movement . i 've tried making some adjustments but it is still difficult to control . finally and more importantly , the mouse burns a set of aa batteries about every 8 days . i only use the mouse about 6 hours a week so i should be getting a lot more battery life . i 've bought other logitech products and have been pleased with them but in this case i wish i had bought another brand .
note to everyone who is having problems with this card--i reformatted it in my camera and it works fine now ! ! initially i wrote : i was very disappointed in the shot-to-shot speed with this card ( using a minolta xg ) . the panasonic card that came with the camera , which i thought would be cheap , is three times faster than this " upgrade " . this card is useless to me as it cripples the camera i bought it to work in . it takes fourteen seconds from one shot to the next with this card . with the original card , it 's less than four seconds . the claim that this is a " high speed " card is dishonest . this is the slowest card i 've ever used . i will throw this card away rather than curse someone else with it .
the first card i received was defective . even after formatting it in a camera , the image files could not be transferred to any of 3 computers with 2 different o/ses via usb cable to the camera or card reader . i 'm waiting on a replacement . hope it works
after reading the detailed reports here for how to setup this linksys gaming adapter unit , everything worked great for several days . i setup the fixed ips , and all the rest of the settings through the web interface , all seemed well . note : i 'm a network engineer , so the dual-fixed-ip recommendation [ one for each segment ] is actually pretty normal in other network bridging appliances . i suspect the ms game adapter simply performs the dhcp handshake better than this unit and that is why it is so easy to setup . then the weird stuff started . after having had this unit turned on for several days , i notice the connection would become slow and not quite as fast as when the linksys is first turned on . yet , the xbox still shows the signal between 48 and 54 mbps . strange . i have reproduced this several times , booting the linksys device , then playing all kinds of games online for hours , running xbmc and playing media through the network perfectly . all is good for several hours , but come back the next day after leaving the linksys on all day/night , turn on the xbox , and the network connection is spotty again , but the link details show a full speed connection in the xbox wireless interface details . a swift power cycle of the linksys unit solves the problem immediately , but why should i need to do this ? i suspect some nic buffer is being filled on the linksys and the power cycle clears out the unit 's network buffers . if anyone has figured out what settings to use to keep this thing stable , i am ready to listen , maybe i should select a g-only network and set the speed at 54 or 48 fixed , maybe that will work ? anyway , i am getting tired of power cycling this thing every day . good luck , f .
i purchased this device to add to my wireless network , which uses a belkin wireless router . i had to connect the router directly to the game adapter since it could not be detected by my wireless router . after configuring it , i could never find it once it was disconnected from the ethernet cable from my wireless router . i made three attempts at customer service - my first call was disconnected after 20 minutes , the second call was working with a woman in india , who 's headset had a ton of static to add to her accent . i had to end that session because we could n't hear each other . i then used online chat , and after 90 minutes i still had not solved my problem , and that session was disconnected for unknown reasons . the lady from india did mention that mixing their product with any other wireless router would be a problem , and now i believe her
do n't buy it ! i bought a koss dvd player and it broke in 6 months . i was told i was out of luck because the warranty is only 90 days . they do not do repairs . my only option is to buy a new one and was n't even offered a discounted price for it . i have seen several complaints like mine about koss on the web . they make junk and they make it to last just to get past the warranty period and then it breaks . oh , by the way i loved it until it broke
i recently purchased a refurbished toshiba gigabeat f40 for about $ 150 . quite a bargain for a 40-gig mp3 player . however , upon reflection , i regret the purchase . the gigabeat hardware seems to be ok , with good sound quality etc . the major failing is with the included software . as other reviews have pointed out , the gigabeat will only play encrypted tracks . the gigabeat is supplied with gigabeat room application software to provide the necessary encryption . gigabeat room starts automatically when connected to the pc via the usb port . from the time the gigabeat is connected till the gigabeat room application is displayed on the screen is 30 minutes . if you switch from viewing the gigabeat file directory to the pc file directory , the application hangs . if you try to update your track library , the application hangs . i have yet to get through a single operation from beginning to end without the program hanging . every time the gigabeat room hangs , you have to restart the application , with yet another 30-minute wait to resume . the file directory on the gigabeat is usually out of sync with what is actually present on the hard drive . microsoft media player version 10 may also be used to synchronize the gigabeat . i have a 35-gig library . it took media player 18 hours to encrypt and copy all 8100 tracks to the gigabeat . in short , be prepared for a maddening and time consuming experience with this player . software that gives error messages such as " the program is quitted " and with such obvious fragility may have been expected in 1986 but is absolutely unreasonable in 2006 . in my estimation you would be much better off purchasing an mp3 player , even at greater cost , that can play mp3 files directly , with file maintenance provided by windows explorer and or media player .
even the slightest bump cause the casette to pop out and stop the cd . i will be returning this to amazon for a refund
the picture shows the cassette feature along with the car kit . the cassette did not come with the kit . very disappointed
i purchased this to have a stereo for my ipod for primary use in my office , but to take with me other places . i have the 30 gig video ipod - it fits loosly . the entire system seems cheaply made . as i mentioned , i wanted to use it in my office - well , at the lowest volume control , it is not very quite , so i would annoy my co-workers if i turned it on . bottom line - save your money ! !
i replaced a siemens 8825 with the motorola 7081 and was , unfortunately , really disappointed . the 8825 while rich in function , is quite lacking in quality . so what 's good about the 7081 is :  1 . great design and feel , especially the handset . 2 . nice look to the unit . 3 . well-lit displays . 4 . easy to understand voice prompts when accessing remotely . 5 . reasonable range . 6 . nice feel to the buttons . 7 . fairly easy to go through the setup . 8 . ability to sort the phonebook alphabetically . 9 . base has phonebook that can be shared by the handsets . 10 . motorola customer support ( excellent ) . now what 's not good :  1 . even at maximum volume , you can barely hear the speakerphone on the base . 2 . sound on the handset is distorted , fuzzy . the person on the other end hears a hiss . the volume is adequate , but barely . 3 . can not search the phonebook . if you sorted it alphabetically and need to access a name starting with " z " you have to scroll through the entire phonebook . 4 . ca n't record an outgoing message remotely . 5 . battery level indicator on handset is useless . when the handset is in the charging cradle , it shows a charging indication at all times . when it is out of the cradle , it does n't show anything . i really wanted to like this unit because it has such a nice look and feel to it but the poor sound quality is a showstopper .
i have had this phone for 20 hours - and am returning it . there is static noise on the line when people talk on the other end . the echo of my voice from the earpiece is very distracting - i find it very disconcerting . the wall mount bracket causes the base to stick straight out from the wall - and as a previous reviewer mentioned , is usually up to your nose given the location of most wall mounts . this strikes me as an unexcusable oversight on motorola 's part . either make it desk only - or do the wall mount right . the speaker for the speakerphone feature is in the back of the phone - while the microphone is in the front of the phone . dumb design - i feel like i 'm either not listening or not being picked up when talking . the volume on the base speakerphone is too low at highest setting . i 'm very disappointed in this phone . much like a previous reviewer , the 1 star is only because i could n't give it a 0 star rating
after using rca and creative ( both suck ) , i decided to try an ipod--this one since only a moron watches video on a 3-4 inch screen . itunes does n't like m $ too much i guess . itunes is really crappy software . if you have a big wma audio collection , go elsewhere . conversion causes sound quality loss especially if you ripped at 64kbps . protected files ca n't be converted so you have to burn to a cd then let itunes rip it . if you do n't use itunes to buy music , 5 stars . if you do , 1 star . the ipod , which i returned after discovering it would take months to convert to ipod compatibility , is flawlessly designed and takes a licking . google " itunes problems " and you 'll find a lot of hate for itunes . my problem : why not support wma files ? ipod would grab 99 % of the market if they did and kill the upcoming m $ mp3 player that will even play itunes stuff
when i put this device in my mp3 player , i espect listen the music but i need a room completly silent and obviusly that no was my intention .
i was using this power cord in conjunction w/ the belkin fm transmitter during a recent 4 hour car ride . when i unplugged the ipod , it was incredibly hot , and now it does not work ( i get the folder w/ the exclamation point on the display ) . i tried to restore the ipod , but it is toast
i was extremely excited when i received this product and have had good success with samsung products . however , when i made all the connections , the unit did n't work . i was disapointed and frustrated . all the connections and settings were correct , but it did n't work . i have an older dvi connection instead of the newer hdmi digital connection . i returned the product and bought the humax brand hdtv tuner . i bought a dvi to hdmi cable and connected the unit . it works like a charm ! i do n't know what was wrong with the samsung sir-t451 , but i would n't recommend this product to anyone . i 'm also having second thoughts about samsung products now . it seems like the reliability/quality factor of samsung products has declined now that they are more mainstream
this player worked for 2 months . then all of sudden it started failing with " no disk " message . please do not go for cheap players
i 've had it for one week only and i 'm using 3rd pair of duracell batteries right now ! i was using it for 3-4 hours per day ( i have another mouse at work ) . stayed switched off for the rest of the day in order to save batteries . nice mouse when it works. . mine is piece of junk , maybe the latest batch they 've got was not up to standard . so i totally agree with mr. loftin.. and it 's silver one in my case , not a black one i 've ordered. .
i can use it for about 5 working days and ka-put ! ( even though i switch it off when i 'm not using it . ) there is no intelligible low battery indication or warning either . also when i changed batteries , the battery contacts fell out . poor quality
i wanted an original apple usb cord for my ipod , and the description said this is , but it is n't . so if you 're like me and you want the original , do n't buy this one
this product is not very good . there is no display on the tv , just a black screen . the remote , which is just a pause button anyways with no menu functions , does not make a difference because you are unable to see your small ipod screen from far away . the overall video quality is quite low , even with an s-video cable
avoid this product at all costs ! ! ! i should 've listened to the other reviews but noooo , i just had to see it for myself . this product worked ( barely ) for 2 weeks then just totally died . in the short time that it worked , the sound quality was just horrible . no matter what free channel you play it on . i have a good 40 mile drive one way ( not city or metropolitan driving ) and in that span , i 'll have to switch channels between 3 to 5 times . kudos to amazon 's hassle free return policy , i was able to return it and get the belkin tunebase fm which i highly recommend
not at all durable due to very , very cheap construction . i had to massage my batteries to get the speakers to play . a total waste of time to purchase , try to use and return . could n't even give these away
i have a voip setup with voicepulse . this phone works great as long as i do n't assign phone numbers to the presets . when i do it stops ringing after a few days . the lights flash indicating an incoming call and i can answer the phone if i notice the lights flashing but it does n't ring . if i reset the phone to defaults , erasing all presets , then it works ok . i got a new one from at&t and it does the same thing . i love the headset button to switch between speaker and headset . let me know if you know a workaround
callers can barely hear me , even with the mic right in my mouth ( volume adjustment on cord doesnt affect it ) . and even worse , callers hear an echo of themselves , the mic picks up the caller in the earpiece enough to resend it ! ( echo ! ) . must be because its all on the same arm or something crappy . this makes it basically unusable , so waste of money , throw away , going to buy a better one
this item is not described correctly . this item is not for garmin c550 or any of the c line . i had to returned it at my own expense . amazon please correct the description of the item
on the back of the package it says - 1 ) transparent sound and powerful bass . - the " transparent sound " part is true and " powerful bass " part is totally untrue . 2 ) metal stabilized system for high levels . - what was that again ? metal stabilized system ? ? it has antiroll crossbars i guess ! ! when companies start making vague claims about their product - thats when you know that there is a problem . these sounded terrible at first - no bass - period . the sound changed for the better once i put on the foam covers . i could hear some bass at that point but even after equalization , it was clear that this product is designed to deliver a lot of high frequency , decent midrange but little by way of bass - even though it claims to have frequency response going from 18hz to 20khz . it fits my ears properly , so that is not a problem . this product sounds far inferior to a pair of " aiwa " ear-buds that came with a " made in japan " walkman purchased in 1990 ! i would n't even compare the sound of these mx400 to the excellent koss over the ear headphones i purchased recently . maybe they are better than the ipod headphones ( which suck even worse ) , and the reason people give this 5 stars . really - no more than a 2 star product . expected much better from sennheiser . with this experience , i 've decided not to go for their noise cancelling headphone and instead go with the one from panasonic . reputable companies should think twice before selling junk in the marketplace
i agree with the previous review . this phone cord worked twice . now , it only retracts about half way , and keeps getting worse . i 'm returning it for a refund . do n't waste your time with this
if you have problems with your flash drive ( like i did ) do n't count on any technical support . lines are all automated and wait is always over 20 minutes for live support . not to mention that it disconects you when it is done telling you this . pny tech support is a joke
i 'm mad . i bought this one to replace my old one . this one and the other one are doing the samething . i had a chat with an hp service helper and they determined that it was broke . their customer service is top notch thought ! they are sending me a new one for free and apearently i get to keep the ink cartidges for free because of my troubles
i like the dish networks technology and the potential that it could be . one dvr which covers two rooms is great . the picture is clear when it works . the menus/programming are intuitive . the pricing is reasonable . but , my complaint is reliability and support...for the two years i have had dish my tv picture seems to go out every 6 months or so . everytime i talk to dish customer service i get a different reason why it could be out . several times i have gotten new dvr boxes mailed to me and there is always a dispute about who should pay . several times i have had dish net come out to my house and they have always tried to make me pay until i told them i 'm tired of the hassel and just cancel me . now my dish is out again this weekend and i am missing the ohio state / michigan game because my tv says no dish signal ( reason tbd ) . anyway , if it worked consistently as advertised i would give it 4 or 5 stars . but due to reliability i give it 2 stars . and with murphy 's law it always goes down when you want to watch that big event ( prompting me to write this review instead of watching the game today ) ! ! i may have to switch back to cable . - j.clark / san jose , ca
this product stopped working a few days after purchase . 5 phone calls and 2 emails were not returned by sandisk . this product did not work as advertised and no technical support of any kind is available . i would not buy this brand again
the voice recorder meets all my expectations and more easy to use , easy to transfer great results
all ports began running slow after just 6 months of use . followed linksys rma process and they sent me a hub in return by mistake . i followed yet another linksys rma process and had to wait two months for the replacement switch covering their mistake . the replacement switch died after 1 week of use . the latest rma unit ran excessively hot until the smell of burning plastic left the air and then it would not power up . this is what i have learned about linksys : # 1 ) this should be a simple network pass-through device and it should not fail unless manufactured poorly - linksys apparently can not make a good one . # 2 ) do not even think about turning a broken unit into linksys under their rma process , they will simply send you a refurbished unit and it can not be trusted . if these cheap switches fail they can not be fixed and the original manufacture was flawed in the first place . # 3 ) choose a competitors product - i have had other brand switches running for years with no issues
purchased this for my laptop ( it was supposed to match the rangemax modem ) . the adapter was not being recognized by my machine , and i contacted customer service . the customer service rep was obviously from india ( suprize ! ) . unfortunately my inquiry was not resolved and i returned the product back . probably would explore other brands next time around .
i do n't like it because it is always saying " low power " and i do every thing it said to trouble shoot the problem with out and luck fixing the problem
i just purchased this mouse . it has a good feel . it does not scroll as smoothly as i would like . contrary to what microsoft says , the buttons are not programmable -- you have to select from a predefined list . i chose to use the small silver buttons on the side as " copy " and " paste " . neither one works.another irritation , i am already getting a popup that says the " signal " is weak -- about 18 " away , yet the menu says it is fine i got a great buy on it at officedepot ( half price ) , otherwise i would return it
interference from other electronics is a severe problem - i had to return this item for a refund . if you can locate it several feet from any other electronics , it might work for you , but who wants a phone that you can not place on your desktop , near a computer
i am a long time pc user and pc gamer . i wanted this for a 1. tv 2. pc gaming monitor 3. xbox gaming monitor 4. dvd veiwing device . here is how i rate this monitor on these four levels on a scale of 1 to 5 : 1. tv = 2 2. pc gaming monitor = 2 3. xbox = 1 4. dvd = 3  the ghosting for normal operations is almost too much to live with . i returned this item just so you know . the rca inputs gave me only black and white images . this could have been because my monitor was defective . i am not sure . ghosting during gaming was very bad . worse than that was it 's lack of good brightness control . this is not for gamers
the only reason i bought this unit when i saw it in the store was for the ipod controller feature . i really looked forward to being able to control my ipod from the deck and hiding my ipod in my dash completely out of sight . boy was i disappointed ! the ipod adpater works and all... but barely . it takes forever to scroll through the songs , artists or albums . why the hell would alpine put out a product that has an inferior scrolling mechanism and then lock you out of the ipod so you ca n't even select songs from the ipod itself ? i have over 3000 songs on my ipod... by the time i scroll to the song i want i 've already reached my destination... and that 's if i even find the song at all ! so now what i have to do is unplug my ipod , scroll to the song i want , then plug it back in . ( luckily the reciever continues to play whatever song was already playing when you plug your ipod in . ) but again... that defeats the whole point of having the controls built into the deck . bottom line , the ipod control feature flat sucks . the deck features a " quick search " function... but it is uselss... it is n't used to search through artsts or albums... only individual songs and there 's no way to skip 10 , 20 , 30 or 100 songs at a time... only 1 by 1... what 's " quick " about that ? i have 3000 songs and hundreds of artists and albums and alpine thinks i 'm supposed to go through them 1 by 1 ? ? ? ? another annoying thing about this unit is that when you skip through songs while the ipod is playing , the display just says " song up " or " song down " instead of just showing the name of the damn song ! who thought of that ? what possible help could " song up " be to anyone ? just show the name of the song while i 'm skipping through... that makes more sense right ? there are a bunch of other problems i have with the practicalness of this unit when used with the ipod adapter and ipod... but the sound quality is great which is the most important thing... but then again... who cares if the sound is great when it takes you all day to find the song you want to listen to
i bought an alpine 9847 and the ipod interface . i works but it totally hijacks your ipod . the beautiful intuitve , fast controls on the ipod itself are locked out and you can only control the ipod from the car stereo . it is therefore very hard to deal with especially if you have a large music catalog on you ipod . it is very slow , not at all intuitive . even after getting used to it it is no good . the info on artist , album or song title imports from the ipod very slowly . turning the volume knob is equivalent to circling on the ipod but one turn eqauls about 3 spots on the list unlike one circle on the ipod which equals dozens of spots on the list . therefore if you have a large catalog you have to spin the volume knob 100 times to get thru a long catalog list which takes forever........very annoying , very slow , very cumbersome . if only it did not deactivate the normal controls on the ipod itself . a better and much cheaper solution is to find a car stereo with some form of line in , either stereo mini plug or rca jacks . the just connect directly and use the ipods own controls which are infinitely better . i replace an old stereo to get the ipod option and am very sorry i did so
the only thing this item is good for is charging your ipod . the transmitter is so weak all you hear is static buzz with muffled music in the background . do n't waste your money . and , do n't expect any help from the manufacturer who refuses to answer emails or accept a warranty return .
terrible design did not fit my car 's electical outlet , it does not work with my jeep liberty . the jack construction is defective does not even power on
mine worked pretty well for about the first 50 labels that i made . then the font size got stuck ridiculously small so that the message only covers about 10 percent of the tape surface . if you want really small labels with a hard-to-read font size , you could use my pt-1750 to print them out and then cut down with scissors to eliminate all of the wasted label area
i just purchased this product . in the instruction manual , it states that only the brother ac adapter should be used and any other will invalidate the warranty . why is it that only a brother adapter can be used when ac adapters are supposed to be standard ? a tactic to increase sales ? the adapter itself costs an additional 15 to 20 dollars . in addition , i agree with some of the other reviewers that a significant amount of label is wasted with each printing due to the empty space on either side that must be cut off . the 2 line printing does look very nice . i have not used many of the other features and so can not comment on those
do n't even accept it as a freebie ( as i did ) unless you are prepared to pay $ 1.15 per sheet for color ink . that was my experience with the first color cartridge , which was fully consumed on a total of 20 sheets , 12 of which were heavy color , the others being mixed color and text or very light color . at $ 17.99 per color cartridge and $ 14.99 for black i calculate the outrageous , obscene $ 1.15 per sheet figure for ink . this is about six times greater than the average ink cost for my old hp720c , which unfortunately does not work with my new hp pavilion pc ( no printer port on this model , among other issues ) . i have vowed to not purchase any hp product in the future if i can possibly avoid it . i just ordered a canon pixima to replace this ink hog . on the positive side , the print quality is good , speed is excellent , and color fidelity is fair . the software installed without incident , and the machine is easy to operate , but the hp software is overbearing and constantly trying to sell you something--worse than daytime television
bought this all-in-one printer and the install disc was bad . prints test page every time i turn it on . wo n't print . jobs get stuck and can not cancel . spoke with customer service for 1.5 hours ! yes , that long . they would not refund me and told me that i should have did a better job researching their products . they got that right . all i could get was a refurbished replacement that also performs like crap . hp has lost a customer forever , and i am making it my mission to share with everyone how terrible they are with products and customer service . canon , meet your next customer
this bracket will not fit the etrex vista cx . this is because the battery cover supplied with the bracket ( replaces the original battery cover to provide attachement lugs ) will not clear the microsd card socket . this is very frustrating because the garmin website even shows this bracket , part number 010-10361-00 , in the etrex vista cx accessories list . so if you have a cx , do n't purchase this item
the first few times it worked great , after that i have n't been able to use it , for some reason incoming audio is good but the mic does not work , i have to use my computer 's which is anoying so i stopped using altogether . waste of money
we have bought 3 of these vtech phones for our house . since the begining we have had battery problems . it is really annoying when you have to make a phone call and your phone does n't work because of the battery . at any point in time , at least one of the phones constantly reports a " low charge " or " no battery " message , which means you ca n't use that phone . of course , you can hear the ring from the phone that is never at the same room that you are , so you have to run to pick up the other phone , since the one in your location has the no battery problem . as other reviewers have noted , this in spite of the fact that we make minimal use of the phones and leave them in the charger most of the time . on the beginning we used to take the battery out of phone and put it back in . that does n't quite work anymore . i tried to get support but you ca n't get a live person at the vtech number . on their website they suggest replacing the batteries , but they are rechargeable , so how many times are we really supposed to buy new rechargeable baterries ( i have already replaced it once ) ? i know we wont buy vtech products again .
it 's not often i find a product that 's as disappointing as this . the interference problem is very serious and makes most conversations a pain . moving around the house and outside of the house , standing on your head holding the phone at a 45 angle , etc. , are part of the daily ritual in trying to hold a legibible conversation . but that 's not the bad part . the bad part , as at least one other reviewer has noted , is that each of the phones constantly reports a " low charge " message or something similar . this in spite of the fact that we make minimal use of the phones and leave them in the charger most of the time . the only solution i 've found is to take the battery out of phone and put it back in . then it will work for a day or two . i suppose it could be just the batteries . but if so then we were shipped batteries that were already on life-support . i read a few good reviews of this phone , and of course there are a number right here . but out experience has been the opposite . the phones have been nothing other than a pain
i picked up this headset telephone because i am spending more and more time on the phone . almost immediately after plugging it in , everyone i called asked me to speak up , repeat what i said , and that they could not hear me very well . when i attempted to setup a new voicemail system , i found out why . the headphone is amplified , but the microphone is not . no matter how loud i spoke ( or shouted ) the audio is severely suppressed and barely audible . simply stated , this product is not usable .
i had this for approximately 2 years . it worked fine for couple of months but suddenely started to activate the alarm without any disturbances . one day i left my laptop attached the alarm in my office for about half an hour . during this period , the alarm was activated and i was embarrased to face my office workers . this is without increasing the sensitivity of the alarm . i sent it back to targus and they were nice enough to give me a new alarm . but after several months , it started the same problem . so , now i am afraid to use this security system with my laptop . but i did not face problems like changing the combination by its own . you can use it without the alarm activation ( i.e : without batteries ) but the cable is so thin , it is not recommended to protect any valubles
i bought this item after seeing the almost uniformly good reviews including the one that says there is good macintosh support . unfortunately the player does not work well with the macintosh . the included software often crashes and does not seem to be able to import dss files . the software can move the files between the recorder and the computer but the files do not appear in the software window . the use interface is also fairly crude and looks as if it was ported directly from windows 3.1 . the ds-2 appears to the finder as a standard usb disk and i have been able to copy the dss files from the player to the compuer using the finder . it is then possible to play the dss files by double clicking them , but it will only play one file . if you want to play another file it is necessary to completely quit the dss player and relanch it . exporting the files to a format usable by other software such as aiff is also nearly impossible . there is an export function in the menu , when it is selected it asks were the new file should be saved but no file ever appears . unfortunately there is no other macintosh software available to read or convert dss files as olympus refuses to allow others use the the format on the macintosh . search of the internet reveals that others have found extremely painful ways of converting the dss files such as playing the entire file and re-recording it with another program
great sound , but the build quality is just not there . on a recent trip to europe , the left bud completely fell apart and the leads became disconnected from the bass driver . they are only two months old and i always keep them in the case ! i had to solder it back together and then super glue the bud back together . since then i 've also had to superglue the right bud as well . also , the cable sheath is fraying over one bud lead , revealing the fine speaker wire underneath . i do n't expect these phones to last much longer which is too bad . they are great sounding and comfortable , but unfortunately they seem to have cut some important corners . be warned
these headphones are so expensive and they are aweful ! i dont remember if it was the left or the right but one side of the cord is longer than the other ; its very annoying ! i tried to loosen it and the wire was showing , what a piece of s * * * . its very annoying because the ear bud fell out when i listened to music and it doesnt feel comfortable . also the rubber on the ear bud falls off very easily . they are too expensive for a piece of junk ! the only reason i rate it two stars is because the sound is great on the headphones . instead purchase the sony srf-hm01v s2 sports walkman street style headphone radio . i purchased those after these fell apart and they are much better : )
i so wanted to love this thing . i have an ipod that i am seldom without , and my car is n't ipod compatible . i bought a monster wireless fm transmitter/charger so i could listen to my music on the way to my class reunion . unfortunately , the thing just did n't work for me . there are 8 preset stations ( low on the dial ) and if all of them are in use , you 're out of luck . i do n't live in a huge city ( maybe 60,000 with farmland all around ) , but only two of these stations were available . although i was able to tune in to my ipod , it was n't crystal clear . in fact , it was n't even plastic clear . the static sometimes overrode the music , which drove me nuts . this is like a fax machine - the original may be spotless , but the fax will be a little fuzzy . if you have a cassette player in your car , there are adapters that go through the cassette player and are much better . if your car is n't ipod compatible and you do n't have a cassette player , you 're better off just burning a bunch of cd 's
if all you want is a carrying case that is transparent and unable to use the stylus with the case closed , then this is the perfect item for you ( sarcasm ) . the palm z22 air case states that you are able to use the sylus with the case closed , this was the selling and purchasing point for this item . problem is , this feature does not work . affortable , but what is the point if you can not utilize the item for it 's selling feature.. .
i bought this even with the bad reviews . i have one of it 's predecessors , a black one and it worked fantastically for 5 or 6 years . it still does but the on/off button finally died . i figured... how bad could it be ? the one i have worked great until now . it 's bad . it 's awful . it 's worthless . i 've had to enter the codes for my tv and vcr 3 times today . the batteries are brand new... that 's the first thing i tried . do not buy this . i only gave it a 1 because you ca n't give it a zero
product is light duty , over time it will not hold up to being flipped and opened often , if longevity is your goal purchase elsewher
from the photos and specs i thought this was " the camera " to have ( both my wife and i loved the look of the camera from the photos we had seen ) . there 's always exceptions to rules , and the rule , " the more you pay , the more you get " is the exception to the rule for this web camera . after getting it , i had difficulty in getting the software to load but eventually had success . i was very disappointed in the video quality . there seemed to be a lot of noise in the picture , and tweaking gave no improvement . i returned it to amazon and took a lose in the return shipping cost , but considered it worth it just to get the price of the camera back . amazon lived up to their part and refunded the price paid ( less return shipment ) with no hassle
this webcam is not compatible with acer ferrari , with windows xp . i do n't know why . i just returned it
if you got a crappy brand tv like the samsung the east meadow guy got , you might need a super-expensive cable like this to make the image quality acceptable , but if you have a namebrand tv like sony or sharp or philips or toshiba or panasonic , a $ 15 hdmi-dvi cable totally suffices . this monster cable is no better than the $ 15 guy ( also available on amazon , just search for " hdmi dvi cable " ) . do n't waste your money
i have a canon s2 and these batteries last almost as long as the cheap costco non-rechargable ones . they do take upto 8 hours to charge and amazon is correct about that . does anyone know of good long lasting 2500 mah rechargable batteries ?
i hate dese kind of phones . day have em at mi skool n da r turrble . they hav ok sound but day feel turrble lik puttin too much pressure on ur ears . they f--king hurt dog . do n't get dese , get sony h.ear dose r alwayz da best
these seemed like good headphones at first - but problems with portablity were huge ! the sound was good but 3 months into ownership one earpeice died so the phones are useless ! ! not worth spending time and money on these phones
not a particularly easy lock to use ( combo part rotates freely when not in computer , making it difficult to set the combo ) . also changing combo is very easy to do accidently . however this is usually not a problem because it is incredibly easy to figure out the combo . i am not a professional lock picker , and i am able to break the combo without any difficulty ( which is a problem with many low quality combo locks , but this design try to avoid it at all ) . i 've noticed a lot of people have a problem with the lock " spontaneously " changing combinations . it 's probably not because the lock is defective . it 's probably because they inadvertently changed the combination because the mechanism to change it is so easy to engage . i would definitely never suggest this product to anyone ( unless i really wanted their computer )
like other people here my lock spontaneously changed its combination on me....surprise ! my laptop is currently locked up at my desk at work which ruined my day and is ruining my night . another stressor i do not need to deal with...do not get this lock if you value the mobility of your laptop over a theft deterrant
wiring broke at interface box - poor design
i read all of the reviews here and thought these would be the best option for easy transport and low ambient sound i-pod headpohones without breaking the bank ( i 'm on a plane frequently ) . i wanted something that i would n't cry over breaking or losing during my many travels . i found that the uneven cord lengths are very irritating- especially if you like to use only one plug ( like maybe at your desk at work ) . the weight of the shorter cord pulls on the longer cord and it is quite uncomfortable- even when sitting still . so then i thought these will be great workout headphones ( wo n't be upset if i break or lose them ) , however , the cords produce noise in the ear pieces everytime they rub on your clothing or your hand . the effect is very loud and disruptive to your music listening experience ( even when you are sitting stationary at your desk ) . it is similar to wearing a stethescope , which defeats the point of wearing in-the-ear headphones ( which are supposed to reduce the ambient noise ) . i do not recommend these headphones , because of this stethescope effect- i could get over the uneven cord lengths for certain uses ( they are after all designed to wear behind the head ) . i 'm on the hunt for better quality headphones
i like this style of headphone radio ( especially when i jog ) , and have n't found any similar models that i like . this is my third purchase of this radio . each of the three have had problems . first died completely ( although it was used a lot ) . second still works , but last number does n't show up on digital display . i wanted a backup in case second died , so i ordered another one . this third works least well of all . at times , entire display is off , radio does n't work at all , or it wo n't change channels . then other times it worked . seems like might be affected by heat outside . however , i know have another persistent problem . that being , it wo n't let me program the preset stations . again , i 'm limited in my choices , and i use this type headphone a lot . so i suffer through poor quality
agree with the prior reviewers . i can not get it to retract any longer and that was only after 3 uses !
i agree with the previous review . this phone cord worked twice . now , it only retracts about half way , and keeps getting worse . i 'm returning it for a refund . do n't waste your time with this
this mouse was barely functional . it did move the arrow across the screen , but it was in a very random fashion . i went to the macally website and downloaded the latest drivers . still no luck . i 'm sending this back . guess i 'll have to stick with my reliable kensington . too bad it 's so ugly and does n't match my ice keyboard . oh well... function over form
the product description for these speakers is misleading . they do not plug directly into a dvd player or game console . then , after buying the adapters and doing the initial setup , three of the five speakers did not work . perhaps these speakers are a good solution for pcs , but that 's not why we bought them , and we immediately sent them back
isolation : i had to use the foam inserts because the plastic ones were a little too large for my ears . with the foam , it completely sealed my ear canal and blocked out most noise . my commute home on the j train ( light-rail ) was quite silent . i was listening to classical music for the first time on the train . with earbuds , i had to put the volume level around 50 % . with the sony mdr-ex71 model , i could to keep it around 40 % . the noise attenuation was n't that good with the sony model , but definitely better than earbuds ( but the sound quality was quite terrible though . )   sound quality : superb sound . the partnership with etymotic research is evident . everything sounded great : rock , grunge , classical . the sonys sounded really muddy while these had a really bright sound with good bass ( when the seal was good ) . very balanced sound . cord/construction : i string my earphones through an rei one jacket , so this was more or less perfect length . the cord is symmetric so it 's not weirdly strung behind your neck like the sonys , and the connection to the ear pieces is solid , not fragile-looking like the er6 . the earphones connect to the replaceable eartips very tightly . the included case is ridiculous though ; it 's way too bulky for portability . comfort/fit : sadly , this is primary reason i 'm returning these . both the flanged rubber tips and the included foam tips were too big . the foam models got the seal , but they were too big , so i felt an uncomfortable amount of pressure in my ear canals . those were my only two options with the included package . the other problem is that i can not find replacements that are smaller , anywhere on the web , including the altec lansing site . documentation : another reason i am returning these is the documentation . the manual says that i can get replacement ear tips and accessories at alteclansing.com/inmotionearphones , and i get a 404 error when i visit the link . that is pretty pathetic . update : ( 1/19/2006 ) i emailed altec lansing regarding this issue on 1/10/2006 , and i have yet to get a response from them . bottom line : if you have large ears , these may suit you . but if you know that you have smaller ears , then stay away from these , and go for something else
i bought these to replace the standard ipod and sony ear buds . i was under the impression that i would get a much deeper bass response . i was wrong . the bass reproduction is simply horrid . i read somewhere there is a " break-in " period . i have found this not to be true . they sound just as bad after 50 hours of listening as they did brand new . this is my first pair of sennheiser and am very disappointed . i know they are low-end headphones - but i expected more . my recommendation is to keep researching
cons : defect : the backlight does not work . shortcoming : has palm os 3.1 , an early version for handspring visors . neutral : ( expedited ) shipping time : 5 days pros : price  ps : vendor customer support contacted me and provided a replacement unit with a working backlight , free of additional charge : )
item was advertised as white , but it was really grey . as a result we had to return item and assume the cost of mailing it back
i bought this phone for use in my home office based on the rave reviews on this site for its speakerphone . unfortunately , i have had nothing but repeated complaints that the voice is distorted or goes in and out , with the beginnings and ends of sentences frequently cut off . i am in the market for another phone after just 2 months
during the installation of the software on my pc running windows 2000 server , the installation program froze my pc completely . i had to turn off the pc , and now it does nothing when i turn it on . the lights on the front light up , but nothing happens at all . i called netgear , waited on hold for 15 minutes , and then was connected to a gentleman whose english was not very good . i explained my problem about 5 times before he seemed to get it . he told me that the problem is that the product is not compatible with win 2000 server . i told him that i had never before encountered a piece of software that ran on 2000 pro , but not 2000 server ( perhaps there are some ) , but he insisted that this was the case . i explained that , typically , installation programs that encounter and incompatible operating system would display a message to the user , and exit , rather than freezing and disabling the computer , but he held firm , and advised me that there was nothing he could do to help , and that he recommended that i contact my computer vendor so that they could restore my initial configuration . i went around and around with this fellow , then finally asked for his supervisor . after another 15 minutes on hold , another guy came on the line , who was pretty fluent in english . he explained his understanding of the situation , which was still wrong , and i explained the whole thing again to him . he had me turn the computer on and off , which of course i had already done several times , and check the monitor connection . after this analysis , he determined that the situation could not possibly have been the result of the frozen software installation that occurred just prior to it , and must be some other problem with my pc that had previously been working perfectly , that , coincidently , occurred at the exact same time as the software freeze . i expressed skepticism towards this explanation , and asked him if he would believe that if it was his pc . he said that absolutely he would , and reassured me that there was no possible way , ( emphasis his ) that his software could have caused these symptoms . since i understood that it would be difficult for him to actually fix a computer in this state over the phone , i suggested that i could take it to a local technician , and send netgear the bill for repairing my system . he declined that offer . so , at the end of the day , i 'm left with a dead pc , but , according to netgear , a perfectly good wireless card and installation cd . no more netgear for me , thank you !
i am totally stunned that this could be sold as ipod compatible . nothing , absolutely nothing , works as you would intuitively think it would . pause does not pause , forward arrow does not forward to the next track ( just starts the same track over and over again ) , and heaven help you if you actually want to find a specific song or artist . there is no way to actually speed through a menu - you have to advance one artist at a time . this is fine if you love aaron neville but chances are you will be in a limb severing accident if you are trying to get to zz top . i am taking this back tomorrow and demanding something that will allow me to control my ipod again from my ipod
i guess for $ 50 , this is an ok product . i am usually very against monster products , but i 'd seen this for almost double at big box retailers , needed a surge protector for my new dlp tv , so figured what the heck . it arrived without incident , i hooked it up and so far so good . it basically a power strip with labels that also happens to be purple... for the " neato " effect i guess . anyways , no idea if its worth more than your run of the mill surge protector . but the claims of independent circuitry to minimize cross-interference is what i was really interested in , as i have my reciever , cable box , dvd player , and subwoofer all connected... all in all a good buy i guess , at least you paid a lot less than retail... :
i bought one of these a few months ago . it worked perfectly with my old thinkpad , but not long thereafter i got a thinkpad t60 , thinking , " hey , universal means universal , of course it will work " . but no : six months after the t60 was introduced , kensington still has n't gotten their act together to produce a " smarttip " for it . they have n't even added lenovo to the list of manufacturers on their web site ! all customer service can say is that they do n't have one , they do n't know when or if they ever will , and they suggest that i check back on the website someday if i still hold out any hope . so , i have a $ 100 brick on my hands . very disappointing , kensington . it 's really too bad : the unit is lightweight , sleek , and functional , and ( unlike some reviewrs ) i think the 5-inch cord was brilliant ( and it does n't get tangled up in my briefcase ) . the cables are much nicer than on my 70-watt igo supply , and the connectors do n't break like they did on the igo . and it 's not like there 's some technical problem : the t60 needs 20 volts , 90 watts , well within the 24-volt , 120-watt capability of this unit . however , six months delay in supporting a major business computer brand is just unforgivable , so i can no longer recommend it
i wanted to get something better than the standard earphones for my ipod . i saw some good reviews and this brand has been known always for great headphones . bought these and was shocked at the terrible sound quality . yes , the sound is clean , but too clean . the highs are too high leading to tinny and over-brassy sound . voices have too much hiss . there is virtually no low end bass of any type . very disappointing
dvds are less than 30 dollars now with 16x speed and look at amazon ,it is still selling then above 40 ( only 8x speed
then buy these ridata disc
bought 100 dvd blanks - so far every one a coaster . never had this kind of problems with any type of discs . tried different software and burn speeds but nothing good . very disappointed - at least they were cheap ( ... ) .
i am looking for a system to replace a siemens 8825 . the 8825 has , in my opinion , the best set of functions of anything currently available but i have some reliability issues with it . i first tried the motorola 7081 and found that unsatisfactory . my next attempt was the panasonic kx-tg6700b . this phone has decent volume and clarity at the base . the handset has good clarity and range but the volume could use a little help . the base layout is ok but the way you turn on the answering machine at the base is silly . the handset feels light and chintzy . the clarity of the outgoing messages on the answering machine is poor . the base is ugly ; what were they thinking ? anyway , it ok , not wonderful . but since i could n't get the answering machine to save messages on either line ( it 's defective ) i sent it back . back to the drawing board
it did not work at all and amazon would not take it back saying it was my responsibility that it did not work . i would never buy this or any other product from this seller
i was excited about consolidating 3 remote controls i regularly use plus my fan and light controls . however , the harmony 890 has proved to be a big disappointment . i was much better off with the 3 remotes i was using before . it was much simpler than fooling with the harmony remote which requires so many key presses for basic functions . i never have been able to get the harmony to control the fan and lights . some reviewers have said that you just need to take time to do the programming properly . even if you do , in my case it 's just easier to juggle my 3 remotes and press one button to do what it would take with several key presses on the harmony . my harmony is now going to sit with the other remotes i never use and i 'll just stick to the 3 that work for me
before you buy this drive , be sure to google " cypress at2lp rc42 " and " western digital " . until yesterday , i recommended this drive to everyone . then my drive failed , prompting me for new hardware and to install a driver for cypress at2lp rc42 . it appears that there is a chip in the drive housing manufactured by cypress that is failing in drives left and right . ( class action suit anyone ? )  the western digital support staff is no help . act like they have never heard of this error . offer no option to just switch out the housing . will replace drive- but you lose all the data . there are $ 30 replacement housings available - but you void your warranty . bottom line - if you buy this drive , be prepared for it to fail . keep everything backed up , because there will come a day that this drive will fail
while convenient and a nice , lightweight unit , the voice pickup is very poor , regardless of how you adjust the set . this is not only with the set i have used , but with others i have talked to - you can tell if the person on the other end of the phone is using one of these units because they are so faint . i 've gotten so i just ask if they 're using a plantronics cs50 when they are faint and the answer is invariably " yes " . also , if you are in a building with a lot of exposed metal ( window/door frames , high cubicles with lots of metal ) , the range deteriorates significantly
for some years i tried this and other monster products , to the tune of over $ 1000 in monster a/v gear . the more you learn about video and audio , the more you 'll avoid anything with the monster label . specifically , this s-video meets no ntsc , dvd or ieee standard ; it is common 30-ohm hookup wire with ineffective shielding and a poorly designed , low-conductance connect plug that can wreck your input jacks and gives poor grounding . has a sharp image , but includes a catalog of chromatic aberrations from off-color skin tones to color blotching , dirty grays , burned highlights , murky shadows , noisy reds , and poor color balance due to impedance mismatching that results in cyan errors and bleeding reds . makes video test patterns look great , but who watches test patterns all day ? amazon offers many other brands at good prices , why waste your $ $ on this stuff ? i removed every piece of monster from my system and replaced them with ar , belden , viewsonics and others from amazon . result : vast improvement in every respect .
i recently purchased this item from sharper image and was very disappointed . the video is faint , grainy ( even in strong lighting ) , and out of focus once you are more than 2 feet away from the camera . colors all but disappear . it 's practically black-and-white video . the power supply weighs more than the device itself ( one pound , including cord ) and is huge . it also gets very warm after an hour or so . i 've tested this product in every type of lighting situation and the results have been unsatisfactory in all cases . the only thing the device does well is detect motion .
i bought this adapter along with the linksys wrt54gl broadband router . i managed to set them up and install them properly . ( the best advice i got from the " home networking for dummies " book was to get a 100 foot cat5e patch cable so that i could put my router in the place i where i wanted it , and hook it up with a wired connection first . i actually only needed a 50 foot cable , and got it for $ 20 from a local electronics supply store . )  so i got everything up and running ( remember to install your router first , and then your network adapter ) , surfed the internet for awhile , and then shut down my computer . here 's where the trouble started... .  as other reviewers have noted , the linksys installation makes changes to your windows xp configuration , de-activating the welcome screen and the feature microsoft calls " fast user switching . " this happens with no warning . when i went to turn on my computer again , i got a new start-up screen for windows , demanding a password . i freaked out , because i do n't remember ever setting a password for windows . i called linksys , and was extremely unimpressed with their customer support . the young woman seemed to be amused by my problem , and was actually laughing at me . she began to start me through the process of completely re-setting the router to the factory settings ( this would not have helped ) . what finally helped was figuring out ( with no help from linksys ) that if you never set a password for your windows xp logon , all you have to do is hit " enter " at the password prompt . that 's all there is . linksys could have told me this , or better yet , warned before installation that these changes to windows xp would take place and suggest setting up a user password in advance . another gripe about this network adapter and the linksys router--neither came with instruction manuals . there is a 60-page instruction manual on the cd rom that comes with the product , but you 'll have to print it out yourself ( do it before you install or try installing the product ) . in the case of the router , i also had to do deep searching to actually find the instruction manual on the cd-rom--it wanted to start up the setup wizard automatically and the instruction manual was not easy to access from the cd-rom . i guess this may be the norm now with computer hardware , but it still stinks . i do not recommend the linksys wusb54gc , primarily because of the unannounced changes it makes to the windows xp system , and because of linksys ' non-existent or non-functional and rude customer support
i have owned the tomtom navigator 5 for almost a year now . while the program is well thought out and provides a good function , it does not work well with my tungsten t5 . i have contacted customer service 4 times now and they have always been helpful in trying to fix my issues ( listed below ) , but to no avail . some of the issues i have had :  any time the software has to redirect or think , it locks up . if i stay on the original planned route , it sometimes works properly.. . in a 30 minute trip from orange county to long beach , i had to pull over 7 times to reset my device after the software locked up . voices lock up mid sentence giving a stuttering sound until you are able to pull your car over to reset the device . in a 20 minute trip from san francisco to oakland the device locked up 5 times . i finally gave up and called a friend to guide me . bear in mind , i have had no problems with my t5 in the 1.5 years of ownership...it is only with this software . customer service has acknowledged the problems and given solutions that have solved little to nothing . in summary , it 's not worth spending the money to have to print out mapquest directions to have when the device crashes...stick with mapquest
essentially once tomtom has your money they 're finished with you . . . until you want to spend more money with them . the product is okay . the map data is from teleatlas , a vendor to many of the map software producers . what makes tomtom different is its gui ( graphic user interface ) that the user interacts with . it really is a work of art most of the time . the map presentations are rich and may be viewed as 3d or 2d . the planning interface is icon driven and easy-to-use . unfortunately tomtom really did n't think it all the way through . there are several irritants , all of which vie for first place . one is that tomtom does n't give you the option of using its maps without a gps . there are many instances where i know where i am begining from and going to and i do n't need a gps fix . tomtom ignores such desires and annoyingly keeps prompting for you to start your bluetooth connection . there is one mode that you can use to plan a route without a gps and it simply does n't work very well , often informing you that tomtom ca n't route you from a point beginning on an interstate to another point further along the same highway . that 's just plain dumb . this is a mapping application . if i want to use these expensive maps for walking directions without a gps , i should be able to . tomtom certainly does n't think so . another irritant is the documentation . probably in an effort to make tomtom appealing to the casual user , the documentation is dog simple . . . and often wrong . it appears that they did n't update the documentation to the newest version . although you can load maps by region , tomtom makes no allowance for travelling from one region to another . you have to calculate your route to the ending point within one region and then begin it anew in the next region . again , this strikes me as a silly omission . if you are in wisconsin , which is one region , and drive to minnesota , which is in another , you have to create two routes . not bright . there are a number of idiosyncracies , anomalies and bugs that drive me up a wall . however , overall , tomtom is still better than the competition . it computes routes quickly ( when it is capable of figuring a route at all ) . annoying , however , it tends to prefer expressways , regardless of your preferences . in a major metro area laced with expressways going in all directions , this can create some incredibly convoluted - and ridiculous - routes . creating alternative and more logical routes is possible , but tedious . the worst part of the tomtom experience is its customer support . well , perhaps support is the wrong word for it . i encountered two problems installing the software . it was obviously that the tech support person was clueless and was simply guessing and grasping at straws . ( i had resolved the issues before the rep called and already knew what the problem was . ) the tomtom rep did n't listen , kept interrupting and when it was pointed out that he was contradicting the manual , he just kept moving . ( the manual in at least one instance was correct and the rep wrong . )  the tomtom packaging itself arrived in broken condition . the rep denied it was their packaging , claiming that i must have bought a third-party repackaged product . talk about insulting : i have the package in front of me with the tomtom labels , the whole works and this guy is telling me that my lying eyes are deceiving me ? a fax to tomtom management about my experiences has gone unanswered more than a week later . tomtom is riding high right now but i suspect in a couple of years as competitors introduce better products with better support that tomtom will be history . it wo n't be the first company that offered a good-enough product without support and possesing contempt for its customers to disappear and it wo n't be the last . i know that if i find a marginally better product with adequate support , i 'd abandon tomtom in a flash . jerr
the tomtom navigator is a nice enough device , until you get to the maps activation . the maps activation ? why should i have to activate my maps if i have paid for the product ? good question , well , i activated these maps on one pda , and within 2 weeks my pda died and i had to obtain warranty service . well , i decided that i would upgrade to a new device and then sell my old device when i got it back from the manufacturers ( i tend to switch my pda every 3-4 months anyway ) . so i installed the maps on the new device and it asked me to activate . ok , i figure...no problem , i will be able to activate it 1...2...3 because after all , only i have the activation card/code . no such luck , tomtom wants proof that i have brought a new device ? what kind of nonsense is that ? what if i lost my pda in 2-3 months ? what if i 'm a nut who likes to change pda 's every 3-4 months ? what , you mean i have to show you proof that i switched ? is n't the fact that i have the activation card proof enough ? i do n't know too many people who pay $ 269 for a product and let other people use the activation codes . avoid them at all costs . you will regret your purchase if you change devices frequently . one other problem with this product...out of the box it is not 100 % compatible with windows mobile 5 devices ( most of the new axims are wm5 . you really have to break your back to install on these devices . avoid
i agree , this is a flimsy piece of plastic that will not hold the gps unit over a few little bumps . i expected more from garmin . consider this : touratech mount for garmin 60c series . its a solid unit . it costs a little more but you wo n't be replacing your gps unit due to it falling to the ground .
my company car has a built-in gps unit and i have gotten to like it , sort-of . i have gotten lost in a rental car trolling around silicon valley enough to get a portable gps unit . after some research , the garmin ique 3600 is what i ended up with and i paid about $ 700 . the unique feature of this portable gps unit is that a palmpilot comes integrated into the package . i use a palmpilot , so this gps unit replaces my palmv . installation was quite awkward , and getting it up and running was a chore . i got the thing synced up and some maps loaded and have been using it for several months now . it does do the job , fitfully , and has several glaring issues . most irritating , the palm function and the gps function are not seamlessly integrated . if an address is entered in the palm part and then route to this address is selected , the ique 3600 makes you find the location . but the address from the palm section does n't transfer cleanly into the find section and you must retype the address . i 'm left-handed and graffiti has never worked for me all my letters are drawn backward . the gps can be engaged as soon as it recognizes where you want to go , but my unit takes a good 5-10 minutes to find the satellites when first exposed to sky . this means that i must have a good idea what to do for the first 5-10 minutes . sometimes i just drive randomly until the gps locks in and starts to issue navigation orders . also , the antenna must be deployed to get any gps reception and must be forward enough in the windshield to see sky . this is ok , except that the ique 3600 does n't tell you that the antenna has not been deployed . the ique 3600 does not work propped up on the passenger seat so a 5 pound holder is necessary to hold the unit on the dashboard . if the antenna is not deployed , the ique 3600 simply does n't navigate and does n't tell you why . worse , it acts stupid by going into a dangerous and unhelpful simulate mode . if i ever figure out what that means , ill tell you in a future post . i figured out the antenna problem the hard way in an ice storm outside of ottawa . i 'm a fan of gui design , and i must say that the ui here is very , very bad . not the worse i have ever seen , but very bad : non-intuitive , inconsistent , and arbitrary . the find function/button has an entirely different function in the gps section from the palm section . of course , the same icon is used . i can not imagine grandma using this thing to navigate . what little there is of the very pretty documentation is atrocious . about 10 times more information is needed here . it shuts down randomly on occasion for no apparent purpose ( battery savings maybe ? ) . the secure digital card is too small ( max of 256mb ) , so you ca n't put more than a few california counties in the memory . maps storage is managed with a rather hostile gui . this is not fatal , but is irritating . i would rather put a 1gb sd card in the ique 3600 and be done with it . the ique 3600 burns too much power to be used as a portable , so it must always be tethered to the car or resting in the cradle . i do n't find the power issue to be a problem . i understand that to get clear , bright screens it is necessary to use power . i agree with the tradeoff here .
summary........good idea , very poor implementation . good software and easy to use , major problem is reception of radio stations . i live in a major metropolitan area and have to practically stand on my head to get the radio shark to get clear reception ( even with a plug in antennae )
the price on the cases is cheap but you get what you pay for . i will never buy these cases again . quite a few of them were broke when i got them . even the ones that were n't broke are made of very flimsy plastic and i have a feeling they will break if i open them very often . they also do n't open and shut very easy . look elsewhere for good cases
i bought this and i 'm sorry . it sounds horrible . do n't waste your money because you 'll just have to buy another one anyway for any true enjoyment . this crap is barely good enough for my bathroom
they sell these at almost every dollar store , sure the sound quality might not be quite as good , but you 're going to have signal loss whatever you hook it up to . these things sell for $ 1.50 can at dollar stores and are worth every penny of that pric
alright before i begin let me just say i know quite a bit about wireless networking . i had already connected 2 wireless pc 's to my 128 bit wep encrypted router . i had initially set it up as wpa but opted to change it as this hunk of junk does n't support wpa . this card will detect your network no problem , just try connecting to it . apparently i am typing in the wrong wep pass... . i can assure you i am not . perhaps there is an issue between micro $ oft and d-link i am unaware of...go figure . i do not have the time nor patience to deal with micro $ oft 's customer support regarding this issue . back to the store this goes . do yourself a favour and do not buy this
microsoft has never failed to disappoint me , ( i suppose there is something to be said for consistency ) and this carries on that somewhat dubious tradition . i bought this with a the mn-700 wireless router , and both worked fine for a couple weeks . however , they both conspiratively proceeded to stop functioning . this card was the most maddening of the pair , because it would find the wireless network every once in a while , yet refuse to connect . i 've tried every channel , and made sure its on infrastructure mode , but it still refuses to work . i suppose i deserve it , though , expecting that a microsoft wireless card would connect to a microsoft wireless router with a microsoft operating system . do yourself a favor and buy your wireless networking from a decent company that has some expertise in networking , like linksys or belkin . whatever you do , give as little money as possible to this shoddy company
i returned this product after a week - it was difficult to manage , the screen way too small to read ( and i have 20/10 vision ! ) and just a very disappointing product overall . do not waste your money . i ended up buying a samsung and i could n't be more happy
i just purchased this printer last night at bestbuy and took it home . when i removed the contents of the box , i noticed that the usb cord was not in there . i read the directions and said that you had to buy the cord separately . i could n't believe it . so , i went to the store and bought one . this cost me an additional $ 11 . i went home , installed the software and plugged everything in . i printed off a few things and it looked great . today , i went to use the printer again and the power woud n't turn on ! i disconnected then reconnected everything and still no power ! i tried several more things and still could n't turn the power on . now i have to return it to bestbuy . this was the first and last time i will ever buy anything from hp ! !
we purchased this system less than two years ago . it has seen light to moderate use . several days ago , the speakers started intermittently cutting out . this afternoon , the subwoofer popped several times--then caught fire ! fortunately , my son was able to extinguish the flames before much damage was done . beware ! ! ! !
i do not recommend sennheiser 's mx75 headphones . first , the good features : 1 . as with all sennheiser products , these earphones deliver first rate sound for its price range . 2 . the earphones are very comfortable and easy to fit properly using the included pads . 3 . once inserted in the ear , these earphones will not fall out due to vibration , movement or sweating . however , the cord has ugly problems : 1 . the cord is unusually stiff and consequently tends to be tough to manage . this is especially true when the phones are first removed from the package , as the cord maintains a sort of corkscrew shape for quite some time . 2 . the cord running to the right earphone is substantially longer than the one connecting to the left earphone . the result is annoying slack around the face and neck . 3 . the cord is the ugliest possible shade of green . all in all , should sennheiser offer a new product using the same earphones , but with conventional wiring , i 'll be a buyer . until then , i 've given up on using these lime green annoyances
i bought this tv for my husband to take hunting but we ca n't get very many channels and the ones we do get have a terrible picture . the tv is an awesome size and the design is really nice with a good size screen . i did n't hook to cable so that may improve the picture but we do n't have cable . i tried programming the channels from two different locations 20 miles apart from each other . i tried programming with the antenna on the tv and with separate rabbit ears . it would only pick up one of the three local network stations . it picked up maybe 8 other misc stations which are n't popular . i could n't get a good picture on any of the stations and i tried adjusting all the menu items , brightness , hue , etc . it did n't even have a good black and white picture .... it was like a white screen with blurry images in the back . sooooo , sooo disappointed because i wanted to be able to use this at work too .
i wanted a keyboard that i could use in low light with both my pc and mac , and this one is reasonably o.k . those users who enjoy the backlight of a mac powerbook or macbook pro will be disappointed by the cheap approach saitek used to illuminate the keys , though . on the mac , each key has its own embedded light under the key . on the saitek light is splashed under the entire keyboard , reducing the contrast and making it much harder to see the keys . but it 's better than nothing , and is helpful in low light . it would have also been nice if they had an fn key , but such is life
i purchased my fuji compactflash xd card adapter elsewhere and it does n't work in my hp officejet 7130 all-in-one . it wo n't load in as it 's supposed to but will fit correctly backwards . except then i get an amber light that says there is a card error . this is supposed to work with my all-in-one but it does n't . for that reason , i 'd give it a zero star rating if such a rating existed . i 'm going to take this cp version back and hope the more updated cpf version works . i 'm a travel writer planning to take my own photos to go with my articles , but i 'm getting nowhere fast with this card adapter that refuses to work properly . this one is definitely a thumbs down . however , this is my first dud fuji product i 've bought and i love fuji digital cameras
mine worked fine for about a month before it stopped working . dealing with d-link is n't a pleasure either . do n't get it . get something better . spend a little more , avoid the hassles
if you have a tekxon digital camera do not get this because when you put the memory card in and you turn the camera on the screen goes black !
my brother got a lexar for christmas . he put it in his tungsten c and for 30 stressful minutes the card did not work . the device recognized the card , but you could not copy , format , nothing... just got an error &quot ; this card is read only and can not be &lt ; whatever&gt ; .&quot ; then all of a sudden it started working . 2 stars for the stress and for the fear that it will stop working again
everything your read about the picture quality is true... however , this product just is n't reliable . cost me another $ 600 to get it fixed and it is n't even 18 months old . i am sure i am not alone since you can see these on that famous auction site may with similar power issues . customer service from this company is also very poor . if i had it to do over i would not have purchased this product and i probably should not have spent the money to get it fixed . i think it will be just a matter of time before some of these 5 star reviews begin to change their tune
like most have pointed out , it 's a digital signal and there 's no need for all the gas-injected , gold plated , shielded stuff monster cables hype . for analog signals this stuff absolutely makes a difference because analog cables are highly affected by outside em interference . some people have pointed out that monster cables are more durable . so yes , if you plan on swinging around on your cables it might matter . if , like most people , you plug the stuff in behind your equipment then leave it be for months and months , do n't waste your money
bought this and plugged it in and backedup some files , went to transfer them to another computer and the drive was dead , i treid a few computers and no of them could regonize the drive . i guess i have one of the many " bad ones " . .
others have written about this phone not holding the charge , and i agree ! i ca n't tell you how many times a call has gone dead in the middle of a conversation , with no warning , no low battery message . i 've only had the phone since november . there is not a quick , convenient way to redail numbers--you have to choose from a list of options , 1-plus number , or the area code without the 1 , or no 1 and no area code . no easy way to speed dial . range is disappointing . i 'm looking for a new phone . back to uniden or panasonic
after burning one coaster , i thought , it 's just a fluke . i 'll burn my first dvd in no time . i was wrong . after updating the firmware on my new plextor dvd burner and downloading the latest version of nero 6 , i burned two more coasters . do n't buy these unless you want pain and frustration
plays fine on the first layer . but picture will freeze during layer switch . i either have to stop or skip pass the chapter but picture will be jumping and pixellated , pretty much unwatchable . you have to skip at least couple chapter away from the layer switch to get a decent picture on your screen . do n't waste your money . buy verbatim instead . i never had any problem with that media .
dissapointing . the sping-loaded connectors at the back of the selector are not particularly strong , so thick or rigid cables under tension ( e.g . twisted at odd angles ) easily slip out . the depth of the connectors is also not great , so wires can not be inserted very far to compensate for the lack of traction . connections might be better using monster cables ' own angled gold pin connectors , but i did n't try those
on the good side , it was easy to set up , and worked reasonably well if the phone ( tried both cordless and corded ) was plugged directly into unit . however , i could not get it to work on other phones in the house when i used the jack to plug it into the wall per the instructions ( so it would work like a land line on any phone in the house ) . i do not have a land line , so it may just need a land line to work since you are supposed to be able to switch back and forth . i even tried disconnecting the line outside the house but that did n't work either . i experience sporatic dropped calls that were not present before installing this device . i contacted tech support and was sent a driver upgrade v 1.20 ( not available from their website ) . this seemed to improve the dropped call situation a bit , but i still have more dropped calls than before . the dealbreaker for me was after i found out you had to be logged in as an administrator for it to work . with an " always on " internet connection , i was not willing to expose myself to that security risk
i bought this a few weeks ago so that i could connect a cordless phone to my office computer and use skype for my calling . when it works , it works well , and the sound quality is fine . unfortunately , much of the time , it does n't work . it drops calls at random . customer support is dismal , i emailed them several days ago and did n't even get a response acknowledging the email , let alone a solution to my problem . just now i have tried reinstalling the drivers but that seems to be failing . we have a vosky call center at home that so far has been working much better . i bought the the dph-50u because i was in a hurry and the store i was at only carried it , not the vosky . i wish i had waited and bought a second vosky
the connection keeps coming loose and now it doesnt work unless you hold it in place - useless and a waste of mone
i really wanted to like this mouse but so far it has given me nothing but grief . if you plan on leaving your computer on for extended periods of time and then coming back to it to do some work you may find that your scroll wheel no longer scrolls pages . i have had to on several occasions unplug and replug in my mouse in order to get the scroll wheel working again . this is absolutely unexceptible logitech ! what happened to logitech ? you used to be able to count on them for quality products now i am wondering if i should switch back to micro $ oft products . i may give the micro $ oft laser mouse 6000 a try and take the mx 400 back
like the forward/back buttons but they are located too far back on the body for comfort . like the scroll wheel and side-to-side scroll ability . pointer flickers a lot sometimes and often disappears over certain buttons . logitech website gives no help . comes with an installation cd for a logitech mx320 ! ! ! be prepared for a 50mb download to install the mx400 . almost makes microsot look good
i have the same issue as " misleading item description " below . the only reason i bought this is because i thought it was the complete set . what good is a headset without the base ? warning ! tigerdirect does not except returns on this headset ; so now i must return the headset to tigerdirect , then buy the full unit from tigerdirect or i lose my $ 70 . the headset with the base is about $ 35 more expensive than what i would have payed at buy.com . i expect a lot more from amazon . very , very disappointed
i bought this rikaline gps 6010 a month ago . i tried to make it work for hundreds times , but it only worked once . evertime when i turned on the gps , it was always telling me it was initializing and then it just stopped working.i hate this thing because it embarrassed me before my friends .
mine actually works and i still hate it . i have n't had all the problems others are complaining about . ---i run windows xp sp2 had no problems compatability . ---signal strength is fine . ---i had no problem installing on one computer....except that i installed the card before running the cd , just like every other card or peripheral i have ever installed . i 've never seen one that did n't allow you to install hardware before drivers . so i had to take it out , run cd and put back in . just a minor annoyance that cost 10 minutes . but c'mon linksys why the special order ? most people that are willing to open the computer and install a card do n't need instructions to know " take card and put in slot " and " insert disc " , so they do n't look at them . at least they put a warning sticker about the installation order on the disk cover for us non-direction readers . annoying but no stars deducted for this . ---told mom to buy one ( this was before i had installed mine ) . installed easy and it worked fine at first . now it connects to router but ca n't find internet ( yes other computers connect to net through this router just fine ) . would think maybe firewall setting issue ? ? ? but i used to work then just stopped . c'mon linksys if your connected to the router how hard it is to find the internet . deduct 1 star . ---stupid software only supports hexidecimal passwords . of course my router also support standard alphabet and my password had some g-z letters , so i had go change network password and update all devices attached to the network . c'mon linksys how hard it is to support a-z . annoying but no stars deducted . ---slow slow slow slow to connect ! ! ! ! on my other computers you hit connect and are online in 5-10 seconds . this thing takes 30 seconds to a minute . impatient , yes . but still unacceptable . deduct 1 star . ---ca n't hibernate or sleep computer or card disables . only way to get it turned on again is to reboot . so it 's either leave computer on all day long , or reboot everytime i want go online . deduct 1 stars . --overall bad product . deduct one star
i bought two of these cards to go alongside my wrt54gs . i though that they should work great together since they are from the same manufacturer . oh boy was i wrong . even the though i get full bars with these cards , i get very flaky connections with them . i 've tried many different settings and firmwares to try to rectify the problem . many hours have been spent trying to get a stable connection . no dice , very flaky . other computers with different cards work fine with the wrt54gs and never dropout . so there is something about this card that just is n't right , and i ca n't imagine both cards being defective . i have n't tested them with another router , but if it ca n't work with a wrt54gs v3 , then what 's the point
i got this toy for christmas . ilove it . i abanded this toy,and it got some brudle hits . it was still alive ! know i keep safe becuse i do n't want it to die . i do n't think this toy is a wast of money.mine is ginger . it came with a silver/grey newborn kittin
these speakers are o.k. , but do n't expect high sound quality ( i bought these as refurbs , so maybe that is it , but when you turn up the volume , they do n't sound good - i 'd recommend going to a store and testing units before buying new ) . also , probably the biggest failure in my opinion is that they appear to be line of sight - that is , they fade in and out when you walk around the room . this should not be a problem on this low bandwidth ( but it is ) , perhaps the antenna needs a boost
too much static with snapping and popping - even after making all of the adjustments possible . the speakers are only 10 feet away from the transmitter but still poor-to-marginal sound quality . do n't see how these could work 300 feet away ( ? ) i do not recommend this product
cheap piece of junk . probably has 2 cents of electronic parts in it . i 'm returning it to wallmart . it might work ok if you live like right next door to the broadcast transmitter . otherwise it 's just too weak in its signal pulling ability . also , when i turn the gain dials , they do n't seem like they are really variable . i think they are really just on/off switches disguised as variable dials , because i do n't see any difference between medium gain and high gain on any of the channels . i 'm going to now go to a real , serious electronics store and look for some serious tv electronics hardware instead of wallmart garbage . i 'm going to work on improving my roof antenna and its cabling and i 'm going to try using a variable gain preamp if i can find one ( a high quality one , not junk ) . i tried a preamp from wallmart ( which was n't adjustable at all ) and it did help a lot with uhf channels , but the vhf channels were much worse because it made the signal too strong . so i need a variable gain preamp , assuming there is such a thing . i would advise everyone to go read the information available on the internet about tv antennas and how to get the best picture with them . i did yesterday and there 's a lot of good stuff i never knew before .
i live in a particularly bad spot for tv reception and have been forced to use cable . this antenna brings in several local stations but the quality of the picture is unsatisfactory . so , unfortunately , for me it 's either back to cable or try an amplified outside antenna . miles kenned
yeah , they claim this thing works with ms powerpoint . but what they do not tell you is that it only works with part of powerpoint . it only works in slide mode . it does not work in presentation view mode . of course , most of my presentations are run in presentation view mode . so the remote is useless . and they have no fix for it . they can not even document that this is the case . i am going to look for something else . maybe the microsoft remote . * * * update * * *  it 's true , this presenter has problems with powerpoint 's presenter view because in that mode pgup and pgdown keys are used to scroll the notes . however , here 's a neat trick i discovered that makes it work again : - start the presentation in presenter view - pres " b " on your keyboard to show a blank screen - click the mouse ( anywhere in the blank screen ) once to resume the presentation and then again to advance to the next slide - magically , from this point on the presenter buttons work flawlessly .
i wish the description had beem better . somethimg like this phone needs another unit to work ! people who have never seen an expansion phone can be missled like i was . returned item
the antenna did not work at all ! save your money !
i recieved this unit 3 bussiness days after i ordered it . fast shipping . to bad when i recieved it it only worked for 2 minutes ! ! ! sending back tomorrow , not sure if i want another one . only comes with usb charger , no wall charger
phone seemed nice but i bought it to hang on a wall and it would n't due to manufacturing .
all i wanted was something to make the incoming audio louder while listening to a call and typing during an interview . i could n't find just a headset amp so i purchased this " system " based on plantronics ' good name . instead of just plugging it into the wall phone jack , you have to use a regular phone , route the receiver/handset cord to this , then back out to the receiver/handset again , which makes this light unit basically hamstrung between the headset and handset and does n't want to sit on the desk without taping it down . then you have to take the receiver/handset off the hook , place it on the desk ( assuming you have desk space , which i do n't ) then push a button to start up the headset . most importantly , listening sound quality was muffled and not very loud . if i turned up the incoming sound volume , it immediately put a loud annoying squeal of feedback into the microphone , making it totally unusable . i went back to my regular , unampflied plantronics headset which just plugs into the wall phone and is always on with no extra cords , ac adapter , or buttons to push . i 'm not very thrilled with that , but for $ 15 it sounds much better and much louder , without the feedback or the hassles . so for now i guess i 'll stick with that until i find something else that just improves the incoming sound
i never even got a chance to listen to music through these headphones . i could n't get them to stay in/on my ears . the loops that go around your ear are huge and just make them more cumbersome . these may fit men with bigger ears better but i would n't recommend them for females
i like the color and sony 's technology of the earphone itself . but the hanger that should be placed on your ear is worthless . when i put the earphone in the ears , the hanger part is just hanging in the air , not supporting the earphone to be placed in and steady . because of that , the earphones easily pop out of your ear
the device is well built but has one major flaw . the adhesive comes in 2 types , " removable " and " permanent " types . neither adhesive would stick to the dash of my jeep liberty . i 'm not sure what i 'm going to do with it now , it appears as though i 'm going to either have to find a more permanent mounting solution or find another type of adhesive
after two weeks of use , i returned the mouse because 3 out of 4 times i tried to make a right click , it would not work . i eventually got frustrated and decided to return it . i 'm sure it has to do with the way i use the mouse but i 'm not planning on changing my angle or whatever it is that makes it fail . i think a regular 2 button mouse is just perfect . i wish this mouse had a real mechanical right button because it would be perfect . i loved the scroll wheel and will miss it greatly
i had high hopes for this headset . i found that i could not hear anything when i attached it to my treo 650 . the treo uses a standard plug . i verified that my treo is working by attaching a stereo headset
my friend bought one and i tried to set it up for him . let me tell you , this thing is pure garbage . i spent a good hour and a half trying to get it to work . i tried to set it up using 2 laptops which were set up exactly how the booklet outlined . the direct ethernet connection would n't work and connecting to it through wireless was spotty at best . i could sometimes get into the setup page through wireless , but all of a sudden the setup page would stop working . stay away from d-link ! all their products are cheaply made and difficult to configure
i got this print server about a month back . initially it took me 4 hours to get this thing installed and running in the wireless mode ! after i got it setup , it worked fine for a week . but , then the wireless connection with the print server got flaky , so i switched to the wired mode . all was well again , but then after a couple of weeks the wired connection got flaky . it stopped printing and did n't recognize my hp-1200 . after fiddling around with it for a few hours i finally got the contraption working again . but , now my latest problem is that the print server prints garbage to the printer ! plugging the printer directly in to a computer works fine , but the print service somehow corrupts the data going to the printer and i end up with pages of garbage and error messages . summary : this thing was a beast to set-up and every time something goes wrong , it takes a phenomenal amount of time to debug and correct . that 's in addition to the questionable reliability of this device . i say steer clear of this thing . i 'm now shopping for something better and never buying d-link again
this thing does a horrible job at detecting wifi networks . i have to be within 10 feet of my router to get a 50 % signal ( even though i can walk out tot he edge of my house and easily still get a good connection ) . if it does detect bluetooth , which half the time it does n't ( regardless of it being active ) , it cancels out the wifi detection . so if you have a bluetooth headset , and you 're talking , the thing will just let you know that yes , there is a bluetooth device around . thanks . i was wondering
my husband bought me this for christmas because we were moving to a new city . he picked it out because unlike garmin and magellen it was created from the ground up for use on the road . the features are easy to use , the directions are great and when you need a new route because of roadblock or traffic - it really comes up with a great plan . however - my first one lasted 3 months before it died , i then replaced it with another one and it died 3 months later as well . i was very reluctant to buy a different brand - but had to for dependability . i still do n't like my garmin as much - but at least it works . come on tomtom - get the electronics working as well as the maps and directions
i 'm a longtime user of wacom intuos tablets and i was looking for something similar with wireless capabilities for my new dual 2.5ghz-g5 . there were no wireless intuos products available at the time of purchase , so i went with the graphire bluetooth . unfortunately , the product leaves a lot to be desired and after a couple of weeks of use , i plan on returning it . the major problem lies with the pen--both in design and responsiveness . design : the graphire series is cheaper than the intuos , and there 's a good reason why : the graphire pen is thinner , lighter , and has no grip . if you have very small hands this might be acceptable ; in my hand this feels like a toothpick . it 's very difficult to manipulate a tool effectively when it does n't feel like it has any durability . additionally , the graphire pen stand is little more than a piece of transparent molded plastic and slides around the desk whenever i put the pen back into it . responsiveness : there is a half-second delay whenever using the pen to click in any finder-related options--opening windows , selecting files , etc . 1/2 second may sound acceptable , but if you , like me , use the pen for everything , not just drawing , believe me it is utterly maddening . on the other hand , the mouse behaves perfectly with no delay at all , so i know it 's the pen and not my computer . the tablet is attractive and the mouse works fine , but the bottom line is that it 's more important for me to have a responsive , durable pen than a wireless tablet . if you 've never used an intuos you may not recognize the deficiencies , but for those who have , this is like going from a mercedes to a honda civic . you 'll get better gas mileage with the civic but the benz gives you the best overall driving experience . i need the driving experience , so i 'm going back to the intuos--wire and all .
i know that everyone else seems to love this , so perhaps my complaint is more about apple in general . my ipod mini ( pink ) is a lemon . the battery has never worked properly . it takes longer to charge than to discharge , and my current playing time per charge ( no changing settings , not backlighting , nothing but hitting play and waiting till the battery dies ) is about 2 hours . apple will gladly sell me a new ( $ 70 ) battery , but other than that tough . it is apparently my fault thet they 're selling shoddy products . i 'm not saying do n't buy it . there are n't realistically any better choices out there than the ipod , but buy it when you have a week to sit around and evaluate it and when they get around to opening a store near you . as for me , i think i 'm going to dig out my old discman
i returned this thing the day after i bought it . i should of been clued in when i purchased it at the store , all the transpod models had a little sticker on them advising them about the store 's return policy . i thought it a little unusual at the time , but after listening to the thing i understand why now . i 'm sure a lot of people had been returning this model . the sound quality was really bad . you have to turn your stereo way up to hear the music , and even then it sounds almost as bad as am radio . i 'll add that the files i was playing were 192kbps aac encoded files so they 're decent quality too
after only a couple of months of light use , the sub woofer started making loud thumping sounds and the system stoped working . as soon as power is connected to the sub woofer , the loud thumping starts . i exchanged the system and the second set had the same problem after 6 weeks ! ! a total piece of junk
while a nice product packed with great features when it works , the bottom line is that it does not support twain drivers , meaning you can not scan through any application other than scansnap . big minus . second minus is jams , jams , jams . i have barely used this machine , but the double feeds are incredible ( the rollers are new and the machine is clean ) . i even tried using high grade color laser copier paper , but still double feeds big time ! upon occasion , i get a good feed , and i am so thankful for that . if you are planning to do some serious office organizing with various types of paper , sizes and paper weights , skip this product and go for a adf flatbed scanner . this baby will jam up your day and consume all of your time with fiddling , reorganizing the misfeeds and clearing jams . think deeply before buying this one . also , with an adf flatbed , you can scan books , and unusual documents ( thin paper , very heavy paper ) that an adf ( and the scansnap ) wo n't process by simply lifting the lid of the adf and taking the scan directly on the glass . with scansnap , you are screwed
just plugged it in and i 'm ready to ship it back . creates an annoying , high pitched buzz
i was hoping that by getting this i 'd get a decent flow of air and i 'd be able to use it anywayer . but i was sorely dissappointed . it does n't give much air and all the air you get you need to be close to feel... plus its too loud to use in most places.. . if you really need it , you can get it... but i ca n't use mine often because like i said its too loud . not worth it , not enough air flowing
the battery life for this phone after one short year is abysmal . after charging it all night , it dies after a few hours of nonuse . the redial button simply has never worked . it is not user friendly at all although i could live with this if the two issues above were resolved . i contacted at&t and requested that they send me a new model that works since this phone is obviously defective . if they refuse then i wo n't ever buy an at&t product again and neither will anyone i come into contact with . it 's that simple . update...at&t refused to do anything about the phone despite the obvious flaws, . as a result , i will never buy another at&t product again . at&t , you are exhibiting the traits of a company that will go out of business .
we bought a set of these phones because they looked nice , and because at&t is a reliable company . but these phones are the worst . after having them for about 3 weeks , we began having terrible results with the volume/speakers in the phones . i took them back , and got a new set . these lasted about twice as long , before the battery life just became worthless . we are unable to leave these phones off the hook now for any extended period of time - say , 1 hour . and you ca n't talk on the phone for more than 30 minutes or so before the battery dies out , and takes 6 hours or more to get back charged again . and yes , we followed all the directions for letting the batteries charge , and all that kind of stuff . still...i have never used a more frustrating phone , nor will i ever purchase an at&t phone again . i bought a new phone today , and once fully charged , i will take these at&t phones out back and smash them with a hammer
i have to agree with many others about the poor quality of this phone . the battery life decreased rapidly and after several weeks i was forced to keeps both phones on their chargers . instead of gambling on replacement cells i bought a panasonic phone as suggested by other disappointed at&t model 2255 buyers
i also was suckered in by the monster name . i have an older sony adapter that i 've used in the past with no problems but could n't locate it right before a road-trip , so i bought this one also . this actually sounds substantially worse than my actual cassettes ( even though they 're all over 10 years old ) . the sound is hiss-filled , very poor signal-to-noise ratio . stay well away
i attempted to use this product in my 2002 chevy tahoe factory audio system . as others here noted , the deck would quickly error and eject the monster adapter . the monster adapter did work in my 2000 harley davidson fltri factory audio system . the difference is that the harley unit does not have " cut-tape " detection . the tahoe does . i returned this monster unit and picked up the sony sony cpa-9c . the sony device is a bit different as it has small link of simulated audio tape within the tape path . this little bit of simulated audio tape effectively fools the tape unit not to think that there is an error and eject the cassette adapter . there are other reasons that these adapters will auto-eject ( google is your friend ) . but the sony unit seemed to be the solution for me . the big reason for the zero star review is that monster has zero information on their web site or product packaging regarding device compatibility or troubleshooting .
i lost my adapter that came from walmart and was a generic brand . it worked perfect . this thing was expensive and it did n't work at all . i 'd have to turn the volume on both the ipod and stereo all the way up and then i 'd get some sign of life , not anything you 'd want to listen to . it 's worst than even the worst rf transmitter i 've ever tried . do n't waste your money , believe the reviews
i bought this unit a couple of years ago based on its features , but soon discovered that it ca n't normally do the one thing that all gpss should , tell you where you are . i used my e-trex vista for about a year and half and would estimate that i spent 10 % to 15 % of the time staring at some type of lost signal message . the unit is totally useless under any type of tree cover and often has trouble holding a signal anywhere on overcast days , which means about half the time in the seattle area where i live . i would not recommend this unit to anyone but my worst enemy
i had this gps device for only 3 days and found it to be no better than mediocre . although at one point i was able to track 6 waas satellites and the display claimed accuracy to 17 feet , while driving along a straight road for 5.5 miles , it indicated that i was traveling approximately 350 feet to the side of the road . on two occasions on this straight road , it said i actually crossed the road and traveled on the opposite side . i conducted a test by placing the unit where it would have an unobstructed view of the sky for 1 hour and leave it motionless . the trip computer reported that it had moved nearly a quarter-mile during that hour . i checked the accuracy at 15-minute intervals and it was constantly reporting accuracy between 12-24 feet . the base maps are crude and inaccurate - a major 4-lane road ( hwy 7 ) in tacoma , wa stops at 38th street . really ? ! ? if i drive down hwy 7 , it goes a couple of miles farther than the unit shows . while using the compass you must hold the unit level in order to obtain accurate readings - understandable . there is even a little message that tells you to hold it level if you are off a little - nice . i tried and tried to find " level " according to the unit and after about 3 or 4 minutes was able to determine where " level " was . it was nowhere close to actual level . now , if i am trying to navigate with the unit 's compass while it is mounted to my bike , there is no way it is going to be level and accurate . at 5.3 ounces , it does n't even pass off as a good paperweight . fortunately i was able to return it to the seller with no problems for a full refund ( thank you rei ! ) . i found out that wal-mart.com sells the unit for 50 bucks less than rei after i bought it though . recommendation : if you need a paperweight , get a rock - if you need a gps , get a different one .
garmin 's devices are pretty good . somewhat tempermental , but mostly reliable . it 's connecting their software and dealing with garmin support that is a nightmare . and , you will need to call them because their software has all kinds of bugs and an archaic key system . customer service hold time : 30-35 minues . response time for email tech requests : a staggering 5-7 working days . clearly garmin does not care about its customers
when these headphones are working , they are great . i never have trouble receiving sound . they are amazingly comfortable . great battery life , and batteries are rechargeable . long distance is great too , i can walk throughout the whole house on multiple floors without any trouble . but... it 's far to often that these are not working . as a matter of fact i 've gone through four pair in the last 2 years . the first pair did n't work out of the box . the second pair lasted two weeks and then the headset just would not turn on . the third pair lasted about eight months before the same thing happened , they just would not turn on . the forth pair lasted about a year and then yesterday the very same thing happened .
after having an experience with slow startup speeds ( and actually freezing a computer ) with the 1gb cruzer micro with u3 , i feel compelled to write this negative review . the mere existence of a software layer to access the flash drive defeats the main purpose of existence of flash drives : a fast and higlhly compatible interface . any hidrance to this convenience makes the device a liability . i work at an educational institution wher i am responsibel for organizing presentation sessions in which speakers often bring their presentations in a flash drive . as a matter of policy , we will not allow speakers to plug in to our computers devices that run any kind of software in the background
i bought the cruzer micro not knowing that it came with the u3 launch pad software preloaded . as soon as i tried to use it on my computer at work , the company 's anti-virus/firewall decided it was an intruder , preventing it from working at all . i was ticked.. . i had almost given up on it and was actually shopping around for another usb drive that had no software on it , when i ran into a website that lets you download an uninstaller for the u3 launch pad . i downloaded it , ran it and it took no more than 15 seconds to clean out the offending u3 garbage ! now i like my micro cruzer all over again ! oh yeah... the website to uninstall yours at is : [ .. .
i wish i had read the reviews before buying this piece of junk . as another reviewer says , u3 ruins it . i have a mac so that feature is useless , but even worse it can not be disabled . everytime i plug in the drive i get this cheesy cd image cluttering up my desktop and i have to eject it , along with the drive icon , before the unit can be removed . what clunky engineering . i 'll be returning this and scratching sandisk off my list of reliable companies . i also agree with the reviewer who complained about the packaging . it is impossible to open without tearing it apart , which is probably a strategy to reduce returns
spare sd card slots molded into the lid of this case prevent it from closing completely around the tungsten e. you will see a noticeable gap around the bottom edge of the closed case . slight pressure on the latch side side will cause the case to pop open unexpectedly in purse or brief case . i returned mine to amazon a few days after receipt ; still looking for an alternative
with a destructive toddler in the house i like to back up my dvd movies . having recently purchased a 25 unit spindle , i recently tried backing up several dvds with my sony dru-710a 16x dvd recorder . although the recording process initially did seem to work smoothly , when i attemped to play back the disks recorded at 16x speed , i would have read errors and lockups on dvd players usually towards the end of the film ( the outside of the physical disk , where maximum recording speed is obtained . ) i did have better reliability recording at 4x speed and suspect that 8x writes will work fine as well . given the fact that i paid a premium for this new high speed media , i am disappointed . i have had nearly 100 % reliability with memorex 8x dvd + r , recently making 25 successful recordings in a row with this brand ( asin : b0001mku4s
i bought this thing becuase i use voice recognition with my computer and i 'm on the phone quite a bit . it was supposed to eliminate the need to for two head sets . with the amplifier and the plantronics headset to go with it the total cost came to around $ 200 . yay ! the amplifier has a strong hum when used through the phone and when i use it witht eh computer it has such poor sound quality that it does n't work with my voice rec . software . i called customer service and they said i should send the unit to them and they would send me a new one . funny , i have read that in a few places online . i went out and bought the labtec equivelent , the dialog-301 at a whopping $ 15 ( headset included , the head set is cheap though ) and it is chrystal clear for both the phone and my computer . plus if you want to upgrade the head set you can buy any analog computer headset . save yourself $ 185 and just buy the dialog-301 you will be happy .
just a fair warning to all out there considering this card . after purchasing this card it worked great . then in the middle of my friend 's wedding the card no longer was readable by my camera . i could not believe it ! when i got home i put the original card in the camera and it worked fine . i reformatted this card and still the camera could not read the card . not worth the money for only one years use
i have the canon rebel . i had the same problem where files were corrupted . also , when clearing the card , some pics stayed filed . i am not happy with this flashcard at all .
it does n't work properly . i can charge the ipod but it does n't let me sync . sent an email to the seller but no answer so far ! i am very disappointed with my purchase
do not buy this crappy piece of junk ! ! i purchased this unit with faith in sony . well forget it ! ! after 4 months the unit failed and began reading " disc dirty " half way through each recording . i sent the unit back for repair . they claimed to have " fixed it " but when i received it back it still failed on each disc ( note that these failures ruin the disc ! ) . they sent me a brand new unit . guess what.. ? ! it failed after 3 months with the same problem ! ! i sent it back for repairs . again they claimed to have " fixed it " . well , it malfunctioned immediately ! ! i sent it back again ! ! this time they gave me a refurbished unit . i know you wont believe this...but the unit is worse than the other two ! ! they are currently sending me another new unit . but i have no doubt this one will still be a piece of crap . they simply do n't have this technology down . sony should never have put this junk on the market . beware ! ! - update - they sent they new unit . guess what ? piece of junk . fails on discs writing and when reading written discs . after trying four of these units i can assure you this is a lemon . please note these positive reviews are from buyer who had their units for two weeks or similar time periods . i have had four different units for one year and can tell you this is junk ! selling this crap on ebay and buying a real unit . not sony !
we needed to know if this unit ( philips dvd 782c ) was compatible with dvd + rw disks so i googled it and found this amazon listing . we were totally amazed to find the reviews we found ... and wish we had done this years ago instead of spending all this time struggling with this poor excuse of a dvd player . we have spent countless hours mr. clean'ing and skipdr'ing disks just to get them to play ( and sometimes even that did n't work ) . just in case anyone else comes along , take the excellent advice given several times in this collection of reviews ... run the other direction without question if someone offers you this dvd player . now , we do not believe this is a fundamental problem with philips . we have , and have had , many fine products sold by philips . we are guessing this particular dvd player was the result of some very poor product planning that went very badly before , during and after the fact . hopefully the person ( s ) responsible has ( have ) , per usual corporate practice , been promoted farther up the ladder where they can no longer inflict this kind of pain on customers . p.s . we tried to give this product " 0 " stars but amazon requires at least " 1 " star . probably a quid pro quo agreement of some sort we imagine
unfortunately my wife and i purchased this &quot ; product&quot ; without reading the posted reviews here . all are entirely accurate ! i can not calculate how many hours i have spent trying to figure out what is wrong . no loading , skipping , freezing , not opening when it freezes , all down the line , combined with 100 trips to and from the video stores to exchange their &quot ; defective&quot ; dvds . my wife was firmly of the belief the dvds were just &quot ; dirty&quot ; but i finally decided ( this agrees with one of the reviewers ) there is a balance problem in the drawer . when there is a no-load , jiggling/adjusting the drawer sometimes ( not always ) fixes it , but only until the next time , and will not stop the freezing problems . if my wife had a dime for every time i said &quot ; this thing is a piece of @ &amp ; * ! &quot ; she would be a millionaire . this is very late but if this product is still on the market in any form stay many miles away . and philips ' arrogant lack of response ( as reported ; i have no personal experience here ) is virtually criminal in this day and age
for some years i tried this and other monster products , to the tune of over $ 1000 in monster a/v gear . the more you learn about video and audio , the more you 'll avoid anything with the monster label . specifically , this s-video meets no ntsc , dvd or ieee standard ; it is common 30-ohm hookup wire with ineffective shielding and a poorly designed , low-conductance connect plug that can wreck your input jacks and gives poor grounding . has a sharp image , but includes a catalog of chromatic aberrations from off-color skin tones to color blotching , dirty grays , burned highlights , murky shadows , noisy reds , and poor color balance due to impedance mismatching that results in cyan errors and bleeding reds . makes video test patterns look great , but who watches test patterns all day ? amazon offers many other brands at good prices , why waste your $ $ on this stuff ? i removed every piece of monster from my system and replaced them with ar , belden , viewsonics and others from amazon . result : vast improvement in every respect .
~ i bought the mvsv3-1m cable and put it between my pioneer v555 dvd player and sony wega tv kv-27fs12 , i was unable to see with my naked eyes any improvement regading the visual quality , color , sharpness . same as the result as i used the composite cable came with the box . i really do n't know why . i have to say , my tv is a good one and the picture quality is already satisfactory even i do n't use dvd player . unfortunately my dvd player does not have component jack to let me try the next level video ~ ~ experience . i do n't want to say this expensive cable is a poor one , i was just unable to verify its alledged ultra high performance . we just do n't have a benchmark to evaluate it .
i bought these headphones based on the first couple of reviews i read here . i should have read further , because about two weeks after i purchased the earphones , the left side went out completely . there was nothing obvious on the outside of the unit and i did n't hear any " rattling " as described by other users . the darn things just quit ! i must say , however , that the sound quality for those first two weeks was excellent , but all in all , not worth the money and frustration
cowon aka iaudio have the worst customer service of any other major company i dealt with . no phone support , they have an 800 number but when you call it they direct you to their website . their website support gives you the option to submit a ticket or live chat . i waited over an hour on their live chat before i get a message saying that live chat is not available at this time . i submitted a ticket & guess how long before i heard a response . & the response was " ship the item back for a refund " . i also tried to download the latest firmware and the link was broken . i heard a lot about how bad their customer service was , but when i tried it myself it was even worse
these batteries are not sold by amazon . they are sold by an amazon re-seller called electrogalaxy . please read the reviews of this company before purchasing . i do not recommend this company due to their poor return policy and terrible customer service . you have been officially warned . do not buy anything from electrogalaxy
i went and got this keyboard after the first one broke . i found the keys were re-arranged . instead of hitting home - i wound up deleting my work . this is a keyboard i can not work with . model number 1 and 3 's were better .
problem # 1 - out of hte box , these units are assigned 192.168.0.10 as an ip address . find if your network is on the .0 subnet . so i had to change my entire network over to this in order to get it configured . problem # 2 - once changed , now i have ip address issues because of the existing clients picking up the .10 address . problem # 3 - if you incorrectly specificy the ssid/wep key or ip address , you have to put it back to the defaults and start over . there 's no way to configure the unit problem # 4 - it just plain do n't work as it should . easily the most difficult unit i 've ever had to configure . it 's a shame that i 'm swearing off linksys as their prices are good . despite it 's decent price , stay away from this one
i have a d-link router , and i could n't even get this thing to connect wirelessly . it works if connected with a ethernet wire , but that is n't really the point , is it ? i called customer support , and the call dropped 4 times ! ! ! ! even when i was able to stay connected , they obviously were n't listening to me , and were of no use in the end . i 'm off to go return . save your time , money , and aggrevation . avoid this like the plague
i bought this unit over a year ago and still have n't figured out how to work it . i have used the d-link wireless router with no trouble , but no matter what i do , i ca n't get the print server to work properly . this is after hours with their customer service people and doing everytihing possible . based on other people 's reviews this unit actually does work . it just has n't for me .
after 3 hours of banging my head against a wall i finally called tech support . they finally figured out that this is not compatible with multi-function computers . you can learn that on their support website but no-where in the standard documentation that comes with it
before you buy anything from creative , google the words incompatible + legacy drivers + sounblaster + windows xp  huge compatibiltiy issues that will have creative tech help telling you to flash and update your system bios , chipsets , leaving an entire pci slot between sounblaster card and any other card , update drivers , yada , yada , etc . read all of the issues from the aforementioned google , and ignore the creative employee reviews ( they are easy to spot ) . creative ignores the fact that its products have huge conflicts with windows operating systems
i bought this machine based on the good reviews i found here . i have had it for one month and it does nothing but jam . now the two week return policy at the store has expired and i am left with a jamming piece o ' junk . my advice - look for a different fax machine
i am shocked by the amount of positive reviews on this site . let me tell you about my experience . i bought this machine in june of 2005 . in one year , i have replaced this machine three times . all three times , i got error messages that the toner cartridge was out ( toner life end ) even when new toner cartridges were put in . i do give high marks to brother for its customer service , though . each time i had a problem , i called and they sent out a replacement by fedex along with materials for me to send back the broken one . but when the fourth replacement arrived last week and i turned it on and got an immediate paper jam message , i had enough . i had a similar issue with a brother mutlifunction machine i purchased around the same time . i am done with brother products
i ordered this keyboard/mouse combo and it turned out to not be blue tooth , so i returned it . i 'm sure it would have been great if i had used it but my mac has blue tooth and i thought i was getting a blue tooth kbd and mouse . i got an apple blue tooth keyboard instead and i found a logitech blue tooth mouse , which i also got . ( apple does n't offer a decent blue tooth 2 button mouse in anything like an acceptably reasonable price range )
i purchased this for my intel imac mainly because i was so frustrated with the mighty mouse . i wanted something with two separate buttons . i had tried the logitech mx 610 ( which i purchased as well for another computer ) and thought that the ergonomic shape felt wonderful . so , i purchased this desktop set because i wanted it to match my mac and so i could have a proper 2 button mouse . i figured the mac keyboard could use improvement as well so the keyboard could come in handy as well . in fact , i thought i would get added convenience since this was a keyboard designed for a mac and had extra shortcut buttons . other than having 2 separate buttons on the mouse , this keyboard/mouse combo has been an utter disappointment . first of all , the white does n't quite match . it 's close , but just a touch too cream . also , there 's just too much silver . especially on the mouse . secondly , it does n't have all the buttons the mighty mouse does . there is no button to switch to the widgets . luckily , you can press f12 on the keyboard . not quite as convenient , but still possible . however , i have yet to find a button that allows you to switch between various open programs . this is especially necessary if you have multiple web browsers open . thirdly , this mouse just does n't work as well as other logitechs . it is too light , lacking the " feel " and a bit of the comforting weight that the mx 610 has when you move it around . also , the speed of the cursor is off . no matter how i try to adjust the speed , it does n't quite match the speed of the original mighty mouse . it is either too fast or too slow . i think part of it is simply osx 's lack of adjustability compared to [ gasp ] windows for cursor speed . finally , the keyboard is simply atrocious . i do n't even use it anymore . it 's packed up in the box and i plugged the original mac keyboard back in . the keys make a horrendous clatter when typing . the pressure is nonexistant making touch typing just a bit more difficult than normal . also , the depth is quite shallow . this is a desktop keyboard . you can press the key down further on nearly all the laptop keyboards i 've tried . also , the texture of the keys is far too smooth and uniform . the raised dots to help you find the f or j buttons is too shallow . i ca n't find the asdf an jkl ; rows by touch . i have to look . as a touch typist , this is an unforgiveable sin . it basically transforms you from a touch typist to a hunt and peck typer who has to visually find each key before you can hit it . i 'm typing on a thinkpad whose laptop keyboard is far superior to this logitech . so , in short , save your money and avoid this keyboard/mouse combo . i rated it a two because the mouse did have 2 separate buttons , unlike the mighty mouse , which is why i purchased this in the first place . it hit my most basic requirement . otherwise , it really deserves a 1 star rating
love this phone.....if only the caller id would work ! it worked fine on day 1 , day 2 worked on and off.....day 3 caller id not working . tried moving the phone to different outlets , removing the batteries & putting them back in , tried new wire etc... . the phone works great otherwise . loved the caller id when it was working--much larger than most and easy to read . oh well
after having my old phone for 40 years i bought a new nwb phone due to remodeling . it lasted 5 months . you can not get through on their help line and they do not answer their e-mail . buy a nwb phone at your own risk . i had to buy another phone--at&amp ; t and it works fine
i am comparing these transfers to the hp transfers for colored shirts . these require a reverse image and are just not user friendly . after three unsuccessful attempts i just went back to the more expensive hp 's . the transfers did not adhere well and would flake off in little chunks even before you tried to wash them
these sound awful . i 'm embarrassed to admit i spent 140.00 on these . the earphones from my 1989 sony walkman are far superior . if you like your music to sound as if it came from the bottom of a well then these are for you .
bought these pretty cheap , from woot.com . the good : - great sound quality , all digital transmission so no hissing . - look good - decent battery life  the bad : - needs drivers ( most usb headsets - granted , not wireless - do n't ) - does n't work on the mac - if you are not playing music , they beep every 15 seconds or so . then after a couple of minutes they turn themselves off . this drove me crazy and was not configurable . - takes you ~ 15 seconds every time you turn them on and try to pair them . - not terribly comfortable . after about a month of normal use , the headset cracked in the middle and stopped working . bad quality o material . the logitech people said they will refund whatever i paid for after i send them a copy of the receipt and the broken product . too bad i get to pay for shipping and i 'm not even sure they 'll refund the original shipping . lesson learned
the toshiba vcr combo arrived , and was quite light in weight . it hooked up ok , but the orange ( nice color ) display , constantly stayed on zeros , and the vcr played tapes so bad , there was always a white static streak across the screen bottom . i sent it back after trying a few tapes ( all tested poor . ) better to get a good vcr for good vhs picture display quality
i bought this unit because a dlink sales rep said it would be perfect for my application . hah ! it does n't work at all ( i hope amazon will let me return it ) . the first thing i had to do was upgrade the firmware - no instructions on how to do this , but for the uninitiated : you have to download the .ftp file from dlink , move it to the dlink firmware folder on your computer , then get the ap manager to see your unit ( that 's another story involving ip addresses - again , no help from the install documents ) , and then you can install the update . i finally got the dwl-2100ap to see my network , but never could get it to talk back - it just sent gibberish . the net tech and i worked on it for most of two working days , to no avail . spent a lot of time on the phone with the dlink tech staff too , where everyone involved said we got some bad dope from the sales staff , but that we might get it to work , provided it is compatible with the existing equipment blah , blah , blah... my assessment of dlink and the dlink dwl-2100ap ? poor pre-sales support , poor post-sales support , confusing tech support , and poor documentation/install instruction for a product that may be ( but then again , may not be ) compatible with your existing equipment . what 's up dlink
when i got the moniter i said it was cool and alright but whe i plugged it in it did nat work and i was angry.i tried again but it did not work so i tried to send it back but it was to much of a hassle.i decided t see what was the problem and send it to a electronics store and the told me the the ic was bad.the only thing i could have done is to buy a new adapter.so i paid 800 trinidadian dollars to get it to work.i was furious
my family and i just relocated 3 states away from our extended family and wanted to get a good webcam to keep intouch with everyone and let our 2 year old see his grandmother once and a while . when i saw the microsoft lifecam at target stores and that it was compatible with windows live i thought it would be worth the $ 100 price tag to be able to keep in touch with family . i purchased the software and started the installation process on my computer . just so you know,my system is running a pentium 4 processor and has 8 active usb 2.0 connections , only 3 of which are being used for the keyboard , mouse , and this webcam , along with 512mb of ram which is more than necessary for this product to function . the software took about 10 minutes to install which i thought was a little odd , then it askes for you to plug in the camera . my xp system recognized the camera but told me that the hardware had encountered an error during installation and may not function properly . i uninstalled the software and tried the installation again with the same result . i then tried a different usb port just in case there was a problem . following a stepwise process i checked and updated all drivers for the usb hub , ports , etc . and i checked under the system manager tools to ensure that all were working properly . i then went to the microsoft website and downloaded the updates for the software ( this took another 15 minutes and the site crashed twice ) . by now i was getting very frustrated but hoped that the software update would allow appropriate conectivity with the camera . i went into the software and found that it was recognizing the mic , but it said that there was no camera attached . i again tried to find the camera through other means with no results . for the price paid and the 3 + hours i spent trying to install the hardware i can say with all assurity that this product is not worth it . i will be returning it to target for a full refund and will look into investing my money with another brand . as someone else said earlier in the reviews , " does microsoft ever send their products through quality assurance before they release them ?
dont microsoft ever send their software thru quality assurance checking ? they asked me to install a windows update ( kb something or the other ) saying that it prevented the software from running at 100 % cpu usage . lo and behold , it still gets stuck ! ! task manager dutifully reports that it is after all consuming all resources
i 've found these headphones to be highly overrated . the noise cancelling is primarily from the snug fit in the ear . when the noise circuit is turned on , the background " hiss " becomes incredibly annoying . to be fair though , this model does remove some background low frequency sound , even in addition to the the noise reduction from the ear plugs . the frequency response during playback sounds like an old am radio
in terms of sound quality , noise cancelling , and general comfort - thise headphones are top of the line . i absolutely love the way the sound and the ammount of noise cancelling that they provide . i used them regularly when mowing the lawn and when flying , and i always recieved the highest quality sound and noise cancelleation . i was even able to listen to drum-n-bass while mowing the lawn and hear all of the appropriate frequencies on the low end . however... inside of 6 months , i have gone through 2 pairs of these headphones because the right ear headphone has gone out on them . the worst part is - i ca n't even begin to imagine why it goes out . i keep my heaphones in a locked cabinet in my office every night . last friday , i placed back into the nice little carry bag that they come with , and placed them into this cabinet . this morning when i pulled them out for use , the right ear bud is out again... no physical damage is apparent anywhere on the headphones , and there is not a broken wire anywhere . in fact , the wiring is perfectly fine and still functional . it is the physical earbud - the hard plastic peice - that has gone out . if i squeeze the earbud hard enough , it will turn on again . something inside of the earbud is obviously designed improperly and i would highly recommend that noone purchase these headphones because of this
someone previously pointed out that these earphones did not filter out the highs well . it may be the highs all i know is the only thing it seems to filter well is my wife and kids voices and allow in every other ambiant noise around . now i may have gotten a lemon but the sound is poor . volume cranked to high on any device i put this on comes out low at best . put in any other set of earphones and it is painfully loud . the little inline triangle that has the on/off switch is cumbersome and is at a strange distance from the earphones . just seems to far from the earphones or not far enough . just does n't seem to clip naturally anywhere . either to much cord or not enough . i am not a music or sound expert by any means so it does not bode well that i think these earphones are poor at best
i got avaya roadwarrior up and running on my computer to use when i work remotely . my co-worker told me to get a gn netcom headset but i figured i 'd save some money and get this one . big mistake . there is a major problem with some laptops when the power cord is plugged in , the listener on the other end has what sounds like you in a an airplane during flight . the humming goes away when you unplug the power cord but that does n't help me , i need to be able to use it when the power cord is plugged in or not . anyway , i chatted with plantronics support and then informed me that it 's a known issue with no work around except to unplug the power cord while using it . so , it 's getting returned .
it failed dragon naturally speaking 's sound tests , tests easily passed by the cheapo mike included with the program . and just try to return it . antonline stonewalls , plantronics does n't respond at all
gave it one star because there was no option for zero . died after two days of use , would not turn on or reset . previous zen nano , same thing after six months of use . i guess that would be my last creative product
the first warning sign is that the drivers are not windows approved and unsigned . their installation instructions advise you to ignore the warnings . next , is the cheesy " cool " looking set-up program . please forget about the groovy graphics and just provide a usable interface . then , the drivers do n't work . my cursor slides all around the screen after i stop moving the mouse . i tried calling customer support , but there is no telephone support . i then tried connecting with their online chat support . no one helped me after 20 minutes . two days later , in response to an e-mail , they sent me 3 pages of instructions about how to adjust my system to accommodate their crappy software . too bad , because the mouse itself is a nice piece of hardware . solid-feeling , well-built , and comfortable . i 'm sending mine back for a refund
the router card does not work , my old one works with the new router but the new card does not work at all , so i need a refund for it , or a replacement , thanks
i bought it with my linksys wrt54gs wireless-g broadband router with speedbooster . the software installation procedure is really poor . when i ran the software first few times it constantly gave me error messages ( ca n't remember what they were ) so i had to reinstall it 2-3 time till it settled down finally . then i set up the network settings with my router and scanned for the access point ( infrastructure ) but it could n't find anything even though the router was only 5-7 feet away ! at one point it managed to connect to the router but it was still searching for the internet connectivity.. after several minutes it could n't find anything and disconnected from the router . i knew there was nothing wrong the router or internet because i inserted my old belkin adapter and it connected straight away ! do n't waste your money on this . if you wan na get a router , get the one i 've got which is quite good . if you want a wifi adapter then get belkin f5d7010 wireless 54mbps notebook adapter . i could n't find any 108g adapters by them but this one is really good . http : //www.amazon.com/exec/obidos/tg/detail/-/b000085bcx/qid = 1125546516/sr = 8-5/ref = pd_bbs_unbuck_5/002-4891207-7082407 ? v = glance&s = electronics&n = 17259
this product keeps changing home addresses ; none of which are the address i typed in the initial field . it does not stay charged so that it is actually able to function as advertised if you are gone from home any length of time and you put your dog in a yard . additionally , gravity takes it down to the lower neck area in common use so that when the dog is doing normal dog things , the device sinks downward so that the antenna is pointing toward the ground . the pictures are misleading . we tried all of the advise the company gave us . it 's just not a device that works when and where you need it to work . it was a lot to invest to have this many problems .
... it 's called a leash . or a fence . how about keeping your pet safe the responsible-- not to mention cheap-- way . i 've been a volunteer at a no-kill animal shelter for 5 years , and i 'm still amazed at the lack of guardianship people show for their pets . so your dog has this $ 350-dollar doodad on its neck . it 's not going to keep it from running out into the street and getting hit by a car , or picked up by somebody who wants to use it for dog-fighting bait or sell it to a lab ( yes , these things happen-- often ) . have some sense , people . this is ridiculous .
a nice device , but microsoft did n't include software that encrypts the fingerprint image . although very difficult to do someone * could * steal your fingerprint . to be safe i would not use this fingerprint reader for password protected websites that contain sensitive information or for network admin or computer bios privledges
this camera had some nice features like the ability to write to a network storage device , smart motion detection , etc . the recorded videos have their own codec so you can use it or d-vix . some videos are unreadable and if you dig deep enough , d-link has a utility to make them readable . i upgraded the latest firmware 1.06 , tried using the ability to write to a storage device and found it very hard to manage . motion triggering is touchy but works once you set it up . the wireless caused 90 % of my communication problems . ran a wire and things were fine . clock could not keep time for anything . set usa edt and it was fine and shortly after it feel back one hour . d-link knows of this and the only solution was to use atlantic time . it has all the right features and image is great but i have to vote thumbs down on this unit . one more thing , d-link hard codes an ip address so if you try and factory reset remotely or of you happen to be using a different network addressing scheme , you 're done . why for the life of me they do n't use dhcp by default is beyond me
camera will not stay up on wireless network with dlink router ! firmware has some serious issues . dlink support was worthless . i returned the camera and bought a panasonic and never looked back
it would be really great if amazon and other resellers did a better job outlining which accessories were compatible with which products . this is stated as a cf type i card yet this does not work with a nikon coolpix 4300--another , more expensive kingston card , must be used
i have several pairs of portable speakers for my laptop but forgot to bring them on a recent trip and bought these based on the glowing reviews posted here . however , when i received the speakers i found that they are much larger in size and much lower in both quality of build and quality of sound than for example the creative speakers . they have a huge and unstable footprint when opened ( about 9 inches long and one inch deep ) and are not particularly compact when folded either . the sound is not rich and they eat batteries amazingly fast , then begin to buzz . i do not recommend these speakers
i bought this for my 5g ipod . i drive a late model subaru with the lighter switch inside of the ashtray console . firstly the transmitter was completely dangerous to operate while driving . its impossible to use in park and neutral in my car . the controls are bulky . the transmission cut out in mountains , on hills , and on the highway whenever i drove over 60mph resulting in my ipod starting and stopping because it shakes and wobbles in the console . in short , it hardly worked and i was afraid to touch it while driving , lest i 'd knock my gear shift out of place . its cheaply made and all in all a complete piece of junk . this is hands down the worst ipod fm transmitter i have ever used . i 've previously used a basic kensington all in one model ( stolen by wife , worked well but awkward ) and ended up replacing this with a far superior griffin road trip . i reccommend spending the extra $ 15 on the road trip .
worked well for a while ( 2 weeks ) , the sound always had static , later the sound went really low and then it just died
i have the same problem some other reviewers had : the audio was extremely low unless i manually adjust the cassette . it 's not that easy - you have to stick your finger into the cassette slot while the adapter is in there , and wiggle it forward and backward until the audio adjusts . but that does n't always work . if that does n't work , you then have to turn your hand over and use your fingernail to catch a ridge on the adapter and lift it up a bit . i 'd rather not have an accident on the highway by either ( 1 ) fiddling with the audio , or ( 2 ) smashing the adapter into little pieces while i drive . hundreds of songs on the ipod and no way to listen while you drive.. .
after using this sd card only twice , it can not be recognized by any of my card reader . totally a waste of money and time . do not buy pny brand
i had dcs-900w from the same product line . it craped out after 9 months , and now i am on the fifth call to try to resolve the issue and get it shipped back . i do n't know where their support is located , but the line quality is very bad , they ran the same drill over and over , but just do n't want to issue you an order for you to ship back . this is the first d-link product i own and probably the last . the resolution looks crappy even when it 's new , and now it 's totally dead , even reset wo n't work on it
yesterday was the annual thanksgiving sale day . i got this 1g cf card from staples by $ 40 after easy rebate . with this price , i think it is a great deal . however , it worked for my digital rebel only half an hour before it was dead . all my photos in the card were lost . i am a graduate student majoring in computer engineering , i know how to recover data if a hard drive fails . but this time , i find i simply ca n't help . fortunately , staples have a good return policy and i just returned it without hassle . hopefully , this is only my case . my suggestion : make sure your dealer has a good return policy before you get this item .
of course as all things computer related , as soon as this was purchased the price dropped drastically . unit works great but buy the 2 gig . more bang for the $
the card failed after 23 pictures . amazon credited me with a full purchase price credit to my credit card account
i was on hold 50 minutes , 52 seconds before anybody answered . i heard " your call is important to us " at least 100 times , which was n't very convincing
i bought this reader for my laptop since it did n't have usb 2.0 . but to tell you the truth , i think this device is a little slower than usb 1.0 ! i am going to buy the lexar 32bit card and see if that improves the download speed , because this reader is so slow . it took me about 45min to download 2gb of photos from my extreme iii card . that is unacceptable
note : i am fully aware that compact flash cards have a maximum sustained upload speed which caps off the potential speed of the medium it is being transferred on . i purchased this product to use in conjunction with my sandisk ultra ii compact flash cards . i thought that pc cards would be faster than usb 1.1 and 2.0 , but thats not the truth . whenever i try to upload files from my cf cards thru the pc card , it slows down the entire system . i ca n't do other tasks while the card is uploading files since everything is acting sparatic and slow . i 'll admit , the card is a bit faster in uploading files than usb 1.1 , but i ca n't do anything else on my computer while the card is working . honestly , i would rather have a little bit slower performance with my usb 1.1 card reader and be able to work on my computer at the same time instead of having the card slow down my entire system . i believe this card is a 16-bit pcmcia card . i 've heard good praise for lexar 's 32-bit pcmcia cards , but i have yet to try it out . i 'm sure it costs more money than this pc card or a usb card reader , though.. .   all in all , i suggest getting a usb 2.0 compact flash reader over this product if you want to work on your computer at the same time as you are uploading files . otherwise , if your the kinda person who doesnt mind leaving the computer alone while the files are uploaded to your computer , this will work just fine for you
and the worst part is that i 'm actually glad about it ! i bought this set to replace a [ ... ] logitech wireless mouse/keyboard combo that was about 3 years old when the mouse scroll wheel stopped working . i figured i 'd treat myself to what looked like the best wireless set out there . here 's what i found :  1 ) the keyboard is huge . i have dell 19 " flat panel and the keyboard looks ridiculous in front of it . 2 ) even though the usb dongle is plugged in the dell monitor about 1 foot from the mouse/keyboard it still loses its connection and i get the message " usb device has malfunctioned . " i have to remove and replace the dongle and it starts again . this happens a couple of times a week , but of course at the most inconvenient times . 3 ) the keyboard goes to sleep like the mouse after a few minutes to save battery life . the mouse will wake up after a slight delay and i 'm used to that but i ca n't tell you how many times i pressed " ctrl-c " to copy something into the buffer and then discovered that it did n't " take " because the keyboard was asleep . the keyboard should never go to sleep or this " feature " should have a way to be disabled ! 4 ) the keyboard died ( stopped responding ) at less than 6 months old . i still use the mouse but dug out an ancient dell quietkey wired keyboard . frankly i do n't miss the behemoth ms monster at all , at least the old keyboard does n't take up the whole desk and when i hit ctrl-c it works every time . microsoft has made some good keyboards and mice , but this set is not one of them . buyer beware .
i bought this keyboard/mouse set hoping to consolidate most of my wireless devices onto a single hub and standard . setting up the set was easy enough in windows , but i immediately found that the mouse did not work well at all . the cursor would move in increments of around 10 pixels at a time . i even put the bluetooth adapter on a usb extension cord and placed it within inches of the mouse , but that did n't help at all . the keyboard seemed to work well , but i did n't use it for very long because the mouse was unbearable to use . i have several wireless networks in my area , which may be causing interference with the bluetooh though
speaking from real experience , do n't waste your money buying this cable which makes absolutely no difference from a cabe you can find with half or less the price . i bought a few top of the line monster cables once i got the top of the line sony xbr960 hdtv . later on i switched cables around , with other brand , cheaper component cables such as philips pts1000 ( the hdmi standard owner by the way ) , and also other hdmi cables ( even no name brands coming with my dvd player ) . you know what ? i see absolutely no difference even under close examination . the sony xbr960 produces the finest pitch you can find on any tv . you think about what that means . stop buying this ridiculously priced cables , and save your $ $ and buy somethinfg else on your shopping list . digital is digital . do n't let monster mislead you that their cables produce more 11010 ... than others .
basically a nice phone , but : a : i 've had three of these phones , and sooner or later the little repositionable hang-up tab snaps off , rendering it useless as a wall-mount , and b : i can hear well with the speaker phone , but have to shout to be heard .
i purchased the kensington after my casette adapter developed an annoying wheel noise . i heard and read a lot about the problems with fm transmitters , like static and audio quality but the kensington was the best rated unit . it arrived the day before i had to take a business trip and thought it would be a great test . the first day i used it , it seemed to work great . the next day on my return trip home , all i got was static and could barely hear the music from my ipod . i tried every station i could find with little or no transmission on it , but the audio quality remained extremely poor . i am not sure if there are just too many stations broadcasting in the nyc metro area or this particular unit is defective , but since my car has a casette player i will go with casette adapter for now . if you have lots of unused frequencies , it might work in your area . just be sure you can return it if it does n't work out for you .
i had a monster icarplay for some time and had givben it to a friend . so when i was looking for a new one i thought i 'd try the kensington . big mistake - my car could n't pick the signal up without manually tuning - very painful . go for the monster products over this in a heartbeat
using this in my wife 's expedition is very annoying . for some reason the cord must be placed in exactly the right position or static will drown out the music coming from the car 's speakers . note that no other electrical devices in this car ( and there are a lot of them ; she got every option available with the car ) misbehave at all . i would not repeat this purchase , not can i recommend anyone else buy one of these . i only gave it two stars because with continual minor effort it can be made to work acceptably - however , fiddling with the cord while driving is certainly not a safe practice
new are notorious thieves in the consumer electronics repair industry . i personally submitted for repair both a $ 1,600 video camera ( sony dcr-pc5 ) and a car cd player ( a sony cdx-c90 , a $ 1,200 in-dash top of the line unit . if you 've heard of it , you know what i 'm talking about ) . i was told that the warranty did not cover what was wrong with my video camera ( some ambiguous statement about logic board , power unit , etc . failure followed ) , and would have to pay ~ $ 780 to have it fixed . i naturally refused , and was forced to keep my dead 4 month-old handycam , an unfortunate testament to some of sony 's now widely publicized qc issues . the reason i did not send in the camera initially has to do with the fiasco involving my cd player . i was told , explicitly , that if new could not fix it , they would either return the unit or write me a check in the amount of $ 1,000 ( not even enough to cover the cost of the player ) . as an added insult , when they indeed could not fix the unit , they kept it , and i never received a check ! ! ! simply outrageous ! blatant theft , and i 'm not the only one who will tell you a story about new and such an act . they are impossible to get ahold of , and literally take your money and run/disappear . do n't expect to ever hear from them , should your camera stop working , and good luck getting ahold of them if you happen to send it in beforehand . chances are , you will have to eat the loss , as i did . this product deserves a negative star and should come with an automatic refund . i seriously thought it was a gag when i saw new was in charge of the coverage . what a joke ! whoever runs your company , new , ought to be both ashamed of themselves and held liable for all the countless damages and losses they have caused . the whole lot of you belong in an unfriendly prison
i originally placed my order with my a digital camera and this four year service plan . three days after , i had to cancel my digital camera order for personal reasons . however the $ 161.80 total i spent on this warrant did not refund automatically and nor have i received a confirmation that it will be refunded . after several phone calls and emails of providing information for the requested refund . they finally tell me that it will take 8 weeks for my refund to process . that is two whole months . horrible service i ca n't imagine how long it would take for them to either repair or replace my camera should it have faltered . i would not recommend this four year service plan or any other plan by n.e.w . customer service companies to anyone
the sound is really great , but there is one problem with this headphones they keep falling from my ears no matter what rubber caps ( they come with 3 different sizes ) i used . the design flaw makes them unusable for me
the absolutely worst headphones i have ever had . trying the different sizes , the earplugs just do n't want to stay in my ears ( even standing still ) . the headphones that come with the i-pod , and the earlier version of lanyard headphones were both much better . the sound was fine , but not any better than the standard headphones . a poor product . i was very disappointed , as i have had good experiences in general with apple in the past
ok , after reading the multiple good reviews on amazon i persuaded myself to buy these speakers thinking some people were just pessimistic . ok , i got these and immediately put a pair of batteries in . these things sound absolutely awful , it goes about the volume of someone quietly talking and the sound is distorted and fuzzy , forget about any bass . absolutely do not buy these things . oh yeah , whoever has been rating these things as good must be working for sony or something cu these things are terribl
to anyone who may like these , i am sorry to learn about your hearing disability . the t33 looked like a nice little package , but i thought , " how could it possibly sound even acceptable ? " i hoped for a sony surprise , but it did n't happen . when i returned them later that day , the clerk asked , " is there anything wrong with them ? " i said , " yeah , they suck " . she smiled and handed me a refund .
i was excited about these headphones because creative usually has great products . i was sadly disappointed . the connector is clunky and surely going to wear out it 's flimsy wire on the jack . the bluetooth signal is weak , take a walk down the street and it begins to distort like crazy . it also distorts at high volumes which you will need to use anyway because the sound is so low . it runs out of power after only a few short hours . and worst of all , the headphones are impossibly tight , causing real discomfort . after only two days of using these headphones , i could n't take it any more
i really wanted to like the tomtom navigator 5 . the gps itself is tiny , well-designed , and very sensitive . it worked fine from down in a underdash cupholder or in the glove compartment . the interface is attractive and easy to navigate . the voice prompts are clear and loud . the installation on a mac was problematic . search on tomtom osx for details , but suffice it to say that the installer included on the cds simply does n't work and a new one must be downloaded . once past that , it ran fine on my treo 700p . unfortunately there is one fatal flaw - the map database . in using the navigator in both california and north carolina , the maps regularly had misnamed streets , exits referred to by numbers where there were none , and directions that lacked critical information like heading ( i.e . take the 101 instead of take 101n when approaching a complex interchange ) . worse , the company seems to be actively hostile to updating these maps . if you go to the tomtom site , you can purchase maps on a city-by-city basis . are they newer than the ones that came with your unit ? who knows ? tomtom lists no version info and seems to expect you to buy and cross your fingers . there were just too many errors that i saw while traveling in areas that i 'm familiar with to trust the tomtom maps for any unfamiliar territory . everything else is great , but the whole point of a gps is accurate navigation . and sadly , that 's where the tomtom navigator fails
it is not as good as recommended . the image is really unclear when the light is not strong , and it 's totally white under strong light . the contrast is low . it 's not a good product , useles
at the moment i am in the middle of a 3-day ordeal sorting out outlook 2002 , which comes with the ipaq . outlook 2002 has many many many known bugs ( which only now i find out ) and i ca n't for the life of me figure out why hp would ship it with their hardware . do not install outlook 2002 on your machine . the ipaq itself may be ok , but if this is a foreshadowing of the fun to come. .
i 'll admit , i 'm not the techno wizard some on this panel seem to be , but then again , i do n't believe you should have to be to operate what should be something simple , like a handheld computer . in essence , the title of this review says it all . almost $ 300 and several months later , i am unable to get this hunk of junk to even turn on . let alone connect to a server . all of these things were supposed to be fixed by a 'patch ' that if someone can download from the hp website , i 'd love to see it . all downloads came back with an error message when i attempted to download . long story short , you 'd be better off buying a laptop . hp is not known for their handhelds , do not buy this product or anything similar to this from hp . you will be sorry .
i like the light that goes on when the phone rings but that is about all i like about this phone . friends tell me i sound like i am under water and i have had to terminate many conversations due to static and interference . one friend insists that i have a microwave running as we speak . i am actively looking for a new set to buy because these are worthless
it looked flashy and well-conceived on the web shopping sites that featured it ; however , after setting up panasonic 's kx-tg5576m , i 'm underwhelmed... first of all , even in this day and age , it 's not mac-compatible ( though the pansonic call center representative had assured me , after checking with her superior , that it indeed was . ) so , i can not comment on downloading ringtones , wallpapers , etc . ( meanwhile , these mobile phone-like features were the main reason i wanted this particular cordless phone ) . secondly , the built in digital message recorder is of the lowest quality . i was looking for an alternative to the monthly charge for voice mail through the phone company . this is n't it . if you prefer to record your own message in lieu of the generic built-in message options , your callers will here something sounding like a worn-out edison recording . it struck me as odd that with the included audio cable , you can connect the handset to an audio device with a headphone jack , to record custom ring tones , with good quality results . yet , to record a message for the digital answering machine , you need to speak into the dinky little microphone hole on the base unit , with the aforementioned low sound quality . finally , the battery life of the handset is rather short . this is despite the ( too ) low backlighting on the handset keypad . oh , why no backlighting on the base unit ?
i can not recommend hp to anybody anymore . the company introduced regional coding , which means printer cartridges from one region can not be used in another . for most this is probably not an issue , for those busily traveling around it is . also , it is an issue of principle , its bad enough for dvd , but printer cartridges ? hp has introduced this rather secretely and if you do n't read the box cover etc very carefully , you may not notice . the main issue is in europe . i got caught out . i bought a 3 catridges overseas - i could not use them on my hp printer . i asked for a refund , hp email support ( us ) was nice but ineffective . hp customer support ( europe ) was snotty and very rude . i think hp does not care about its customers and this cost me over us $ 75 , almost 50 % of my printer ( my sixth and last hp ) . do n't buy hp
i can not review this item since i have not received it so far at the shipping address i gave amazon when i did the purchase . i bought four items , and i only got two of them by mail . what happened to the other two items ? -koss stereo in ear ear plugs - the spark plug ( purchased on 09/15/2006 ) -apple ipod usb travel kit with car charger , travel adapter & cable ( purchased on 09/15/2006 ) who knows. .
i agree with the viewer preceding me . very tinny . the ones i was using from my old computer sound 100 % better . these are a complete waste . two stars because i do hear the music but it sounds awful
these speakers were a major disappointment . i have speakers that are about 5 years old , and wanted to replace them . but these sony speakers were awful - the sound was tinny , the bass was almost non-existent , and the sound was probably worse than that coming from my built-in laptop speakers . and these were n't even the " cheap " speakers - there were many sets that cost less than this . if you care at all about the quality of the speakers , spend another $ 20- $ 30 and get a decent set... do n't buy these. .
these ear buds are large and hard . they have sharp edges and hurt my ears . i have large ears and large ear canals and wear other earbud type headphones all the time which do not bother me . these were not only painful but did not enhance the sound , but actually reduced it . this product should be taken off the market
using rechargeable aaa batteries , with the battery saver feature turned on , about two hours . sometimes i get more using alkalines , but not much more . honestly , this unit is worthless , because i ca n't trust the batteries . order a garmin etrex legend instead . it is n't much more expensive , larger or heavier , and it includes a base map of roads , towns , and shorelines . the legend comes with a cable to transfer data from your computer . the legend 's screen is a bit larger , but shows much more detail . and - the batteries last hours and hours .
this did not live up to its price or my expectations . i walk to work and there was static on both am and fm -
takes 3 aaa batteries that in our experience run out too quick . other units we 've owned have lower battery drain . also the lcd display has poor contrast . all in all , i 'd buy another one that costs a few bucks more
i ordered this charger a month ago . since , they 've sent me three chargers all the same , all wrong . they 've sent me the shuffle charger three times in a row . do n't waste your money on this product , for a few bucks more you can get a company that will actually send you the right product the first time
bought a cell phone battery that , of course , died one week past their return/refund deadline . refused to refund or replace even though the product is clearly defective . this company is a ripoff and will never do business with them again . consider yourself warned
i purchased a unit recently and after a couple hours tinkering with it , i could n't get it to work . i called actiontec/vosky support and spent almost an hour on the phone with them . they advised me to uninstall their software and skype and to try reinstalling each product . when that did n't work , they told me the product was defective . unfortunately , they refused to take it back themselves and made me deal with the seller ( antonline.com ) first ( not a very good seller , btw , as they gave me a terrible time when i tried to return the defective product ) . hopefully you 'll have better luck . also , be sure to check out whether vosky is officially supporting skype 2.5 . when i made my purchase , they did not
if your cars dash is curved or sloping , this mount will not work . did not work on a 1988 mercedes 300e or a daewoo lanos . it might work if you have a perfectly flat dash . i had to return the item as it did not sit properly . even the slightest touch from a finger would make it slide down . those of you who are clean freaks like me , beware . products like armour all which leave a protective coating on your dash will further reduce the grip of this stand ! i would not trust a $ 800 piece of equipment on an unreliable stand like this when even a slight touch of a finger can make it slide down . what about jolts and bumps while normal driving ? i did not wait to find out using my $ 800 gps as an experiment
i bought this to run ethernet into my daughter 's room . the powerline etherernet works flawlessly , i 've had it up and running for six months without restart or problem into three other rooms . the wireless module however tends to overheat and drops the network after 24-48 hours of operation , so she has to unplug it every time she is done with the network , and plugs it back in whenever she wants to connect . i am going to upgrade her to another wired powerline ethernet module
i posted a review two weeks ago , but it has n't appeared , so i 'm trying again...i bought this lock two years ago . it has always been difficult to remove . ( note : despite what some other reviewers seem to think , it does not have a motion detector - that 's a different lock . ) recently , the lock decided to remain firmly inside my ibook , despite my efforts to remove it . after a fruitless call to targus 's customer support , i finally got it out . that took over 30 minutes of struggle . my next step was going to be purchasing a hack saw . apparently , the targus lock is not a good fit for ibooks . i 'm going to send mine back and demand compensation . if you own an ibook , i strongly suggest you buy a lock made by someone other than targus
we drink a lot of coffee all day , every day . so we decided to convert to a thermal carafe coffeemaker in order to keep our coffee hotter and fresher-tasting . we first bought the 10-cup capresso mt-500 which we loved except for the carafe which leaked slightly . the coffee was perfect everytime and the taste great . unfortunately the control panel burned out about a year and half after we bought it . so instead of another expensive capresso replacement , we decided to try a japanese model which we thought might be more reliable . we have been using the zojirushi for 2 weeks now and it works perfectly . no leaks and it just feels more mechanically reliable than the capresso . unfortunately , there is no water filter system in this model compared to others ( we had taken this for granted and not checked for it ) . and no reuseable metal mesh filter ( that i could find on the market ) instead of paper filters . the water also does not seem as hot when it goes into the coffee grounds . we are not sure why our coffee just does n't taste very good anymore , but we definitely have noted a real sharp drop in taste quality . today , we pulled out our very old krups proaroma model and have noted a definite taste improvement . we will use this and the zojirushi thermal carafe until we get a new capresso coffeemaker replacement . do n't waste your money on this zojirushi model unless you do n't care about taste . it was money thrown out the window as far as we are concerned . even mediocre coffee beans are too expensive to use with this machine
everyone has already covered the basics , so here 's the highlights :  the audio listening quality is poor , especially for 40mm drivers ( which normally sound good with strong bass response ) . this is due to the fact the speaker itself is far from the ear canal , since the outer padding contacts the side of the head instead of the actual speaker pad . the headphones are heavy , which means a large amount of pressure is required to hold them in position . they slide very easily off the head , and apply a lot of downward force on the ears . i have a big head , and even made some slight modifications that increase the pressure , now they do n't slide off , but are uncomfortable for more than an hour of use . at first , the volume slider is stiff , but then becomes smooth . after 4 months of use , the mute switch is getting loose , i do n't expect it to work 4 months from now . i really like the microphone portion of the headset , the angle is adjustable , and the volume is loud and clear . in the end , these headphones have a good microphone matched with very poor quality headphones . next time , i 'd grab the cheaper logitech headset , where they are nice and light and the speaker pads make contact with the ears , not some large outer pad
i purchased this unit not for gaming , but for making pc to pc calls . here are my observations :  pros : 1 . sound quality of the microphone on the receiving end is reported by my friends and family as exceptionally clear . certainly much better than what you 'd get out of a webcam . 2 . chord is robust and long . easily fits over my long desk to my cpu that rests beneath . 3 . controls are easy to use , although the mic on/off switch does n't click into place like i 'd expect it to . it just slides back and forth . i can see people accidentally turning it off . 4 . headphones produce good sound , although nothing extraordinary . 5 . the mic itself freely rotates , so you can position it however you desire . cons : 1 . first and foremost , if you 've got a small head do not purchase this ! ! my head is not big and these headphones are not adjustable ! these headphones are so large that they 're actually uncomfortable . their entire weight rests on my ears and i ca n't wear them for very long without my ears falling off . 2 . these headphones are very heavy , uncomfortably so . i 've resorted to holding them up to my head and listening through one speaker to take the weight off my ears . 3 . perhaps having the airspace between the speakers and the frame keeps your ears cooler , but it still feels like i 'm wearing a set of insulated ear muffs . chatting on hot summer days is limited to 10 minutes or less until i 'm dying of heat exhaustion . 4 . you need to get a y splitter if you wish to have these headphones and your computer speakers on at the same time . if you do n't have front headphone plugs on your case this is an issue . otherwise you have to crawl under your desk and manually disconnect the headset from your motherboard jacks and plug in your speakers again . y splitters are only a few dollars but it 's an accessory you will have to purchase , especially since front speaker ports on most computers ca n't be hooked up at the same time as your rear motherboard jack ( and most people have their main sound systems plugged in with the rear one ) . granted , this is more of a general microphone/headset combo issue than anything logitek related , but if this is your first microphone/headset purchase then you should be aware of this problem . i use onboard audio instead of a sound card , so i do n't have multiple output jacks . 5 . these headphones are designed to rest behind your neck , not over the top of your head . unfortunately , the plastic beam is too heavy and pulls the speakers back , placing all the weight on your ears . the plastic beam is also too short ( and just ! ) to go over the top of my head for a more comfortable fit . 6 . the design also does n't make sense . the beam is so short that it should rest behind your neck , yet the angle of the speakers through that air gap is better for wearing the beam over your head . it 's pretty uncomfortable . if the headset was adjustable it would be fine ! the earpieces are just too huge ! overall i 'm disappointed with these . if you 're under 5'10 " i say go with another model . the hardware works great , but the design is terrible . i 'm returning these and purchasing an uglier , but more functional , set of smaller headphones
the headset sits on the back of head , which is ok , however due to large ear rests it feals awkward and uncomfortable . i was not able to use volume control , as the headphones were only audible at higher volume level . the mic is poor . whether you want it for gaming or just general purpose use , its better to skip this for something else
i have been using the palmone navigator with my tx for about eight weeks . most of my comments are based on a comparison with the built-in navigation system in my lexus . software installation is fairly easy . however , you need at least a 256 mb sd card to load more than a couple of states ; i recommend a 1 or 2 gb card . while the concept of a tx doubling as a navigation device is intriguing , the realty of it is rather sobering . it is a cool toy , but if you have to plan routes for your job or any other meaningful purpose , this is not the right product . the pros are : - inexpensive in comparison to built-ins und stand-alone products - unit can be used in different locations and cars and even while walking - one device serves multiple purposes  the cons are : - it can take up to several minutes after starting the unit to acquire a satellite signal . this is not the case with my car 's oem navigation system . - the maps are outdated and not as precise as the oem nav system : i live in phoenix , az and my neighborhood ( built seven years ago ) as well as most of the freeways i take to work and back do n't exist on the software . more recent updates are not available ( i checked the tomtom website ) . - navigation is often not precise enough ( e.g . it tells me to make a left in 50 yards , when i have already passed the intersection where it wants me to make a left ) . i never have this problem with the built-in navigation . - look-up function for addresses and phone numbers is clumsy and does n't display actual address until you map it . - it tends to freeze at least a couple times a day , requiring a soft reset . - lost connections to the satellite receiver or lost satellite signals also tend to disrupt the navigation on longer trips with stops . overall , the unit is too unreliable to be used as your only navigational aid . if you need navigation to get to your travel destination , you are better off with a stand-alone unit . i truly wish i had better things to say about this device since i really like the concept , but the reality just does n't match the marketing .
the good news is that this is a full featured gps solution that is easy to mount in the car and can navigate to contacts in your address book . maps are detailed and the poi ( point of interest ) database is fairly extensive . the bad news is that it all too often fails to connect via bluetooth . installation of software and maps is error prone ( do not follow any of the 'advanced ' hints in the manual - they scrambled my sd card ) . only buy this product if you like puzzle solving and have a great deal of patience . if you are expecting an out of the box solution that is 100 % reliable - look elsewhere .
i have a 5gb but a lot of the h10 's are having the same problem . i can play all of the songs that i owned myself but everything through the subscription service has run out and ca n't be reinstalled . i 've done a little research about the disappearing mp3 player and it appears to be a problem that is affecting a lot of the h10 's and 1 other model i ca n't remember right now and iriver ca n't figure it out ; although i 've been told they are trying desperately to find the bug....so buy with caution... .
i went looking at fry 's for a mapping software and bought this before looking online at reviews . i 'm now stuck with a bazillion ( ok , just 17 ) cds and a product that takes minutes to load once you initiallize the program . i still ca n't figure out how to access any info on hawaii or alaska and i 'm waiting each time an average of four days before " tech support " haha will write me back . do n't buy this .
sorry , the speakers do n't attach well , and the quality of these stands is not what i 'm used to with a bose system
these cds burn fine but they wo n't play in most cd players . i 've tried it in two car aftermarket cd players , brand new mazda , and a brand new f1500 - they all did not read the cd . most computers can read them , but other than that they are not very usable
for over eight years ( nearly 9 ) , i had an acer 17 " crt & loved it . i use a kvm to switch computers , & the crt kept all of my adjustments for that computer , every time . when it started showing signs of age ( about four months ago ) , i decided to try a flat screen , or lcd , though i 've heard horror stories about them , my laptop is great . i do n't mind the dark overlay associated w/lcds , i have that on my laptop . i was amazed at how poorly this monitor responds to things . i still swap computers . i ca n't get the same clarity that i once did . i swap between me & xp , which should n't matter . do n't believe there is n't any flicker , that 's wrong . if you change the refresh rate , the monitor changes , not the computer . what happened to dumb monitors ( what happened to dumb printers ) ? best , should be a button ( turn on ) away . some tweaking is n't bad . fade out : i have the monitor , at the " proper " height , & the upper & lower corners fade . as looking at any lcd from an angle . you ca n't tilt this monitor very much at all  do n't spend much time on shut down or re-start in me , the lines & jaggies will kill you . i 'm sorry that i bought this monitor . the refesh rate for games , is fair . do n't play any games prior to me ! because me era games fade badly at the ends , nearly blacking out . post xp is n't anything to write home about really . i would suggest trying out an hdtv first . with a direct ( vga ) plug in . it 's a few dollars more , but if you 're considering an hdtv , as well as a monitor , i 'd chance it . you can always buy a 20 " crt for less . i hope this helps
the keyboard with this set is flimsy and cheap feeling . worse , the layout is nonstandard : they 've messed up the key cluster above the arrows ( insert/delete/home/end/etc. ) . and the right hand ctrl is not below the right end of the shift key , it is under the left end of the shift key , where one of the windows keys ( the context menu one ) normally is . they 've taken out one of the windows menu keys , too . the wireless features worked fine ( i 've used it two days ) and worked even without installing their driver software ( something i 'm always reluctant to do ) . i think some of the extra buttons ( multimedia controls ) on the keyboard do n't work for me , because of this . i use the computer it 's on for work , not screwing around , so this does n't bother me . ( i have it installed on a thinkpad laptop so i can keep the screen farther from my eyes , and my employer bought the thing ; it would n't have been my first choice . )  i 've given it two stars only because it worked great , out of the box , with no driver software . ( this is on a thinkpad running winxp . ) i 'm already dreading the battery usage ( based on another review here ) . thankfully , it 's not my main keyboard
ive had this unit for over a 1 + year and ran into problems with reception it would drop signal and it would eventual come back . i found out that this unit had a defect and the xm rep said i could get a replacement for $ 50 ! ! ! they didnt figure to tell anybody about this ? if this is true i would not recommend xm radio at all . thanks john
i have to admit , the price of this item got me . it 's now 40 bucks down the drain as it has failed to work completely . it worked for about 8 months but was very fuzzy . the quaility was that of an am radio station . recently , it quit working altogether so now i am back in the market for one that will work
unfortunately the item did n't work . the company offered to replace it but i just decided to pay more and buy locally
it is an okay printer ( i have n't done photos yet ) and pretty fast but i have to change the cartridges every 3-4 weeks . this is just home use i 'm talking about , not business use . the cartridges are small , run out real fast and cost up to $ 60 a month for one black and one color . i 'm thinking of going back to a lexmark
i bought this printer because i wanted high quality photo printing and i did n't need any of the bells and whistles that come with more expensive printers . it 's a canon , so i figured i could count on the photo quality . i was terribly disappointed though . i generally buy staples brand photo paper for general photo printing , and it always worked fine with my epson printer . but my first prints on this printer looked dull and muddy -- like i was looking at the images though a mild but annoying grey/brown haze . so i went out and bought canon paper instead . the quality was somewhat improved , but still not what i had expected . so yes , i got a printer for under $ 30 , but now to get even passably ok prints , i need to spend a fortune on canon brand inks and paper . not much of a bargain .
as best as i can tell the wires were too thin , and it could not handle any kind of bandwidth .
i installed the board and my pc ( running xp pro ) wo n't boot . i tested all the pci slots with other cards ( and mixed them up too ) and the pc boots fine . i returned the card and got a new one . same problem . i removed all of my other pci cards and left this one in there alone ... same problem . i 'm speechless . i guess it 's not compatable with some systems . by the way , i know my set-up is fine . i have 3 pci slots filled and 3 additional usb devices and all is well . i never had a problem like this before
this adapter will not work at all with windows xp sp2 - despite any promises from the linksys website , this can not be setup - buy the anycom adapter instead
i have spent time with lynksys and dell , both of which say they have done all they can do , ( from their manuals ) . because i have had to finish phone calls without without solving the problem , i call back and get conflicting oppinions...this keeps me coming back . it still is not working , they have that in common .
their quality is cheap . so do their price . out of the 25 cds , atleast 8 of them failed . the rest , okay . i would suggest verbatim . they are pretty good
pros * fits like a glove ( goes without saying ) * um... peace of mind ? cons * this case makes pushing the buttons harder than it already is . * there is nothing to protect the screen . * if you 're left-handed ( or like to operate gadgets with your left hand ) note that it is impossible to push the menu button . it would take a double-jointed freak of nature to comfortably push it . * the case is a dust and hair magnet . every time you pull it out of your pocket , it 's encrusted with lint you did n't even know you had . dust manages to sneak under every surface , and hair magically sticks to it . this case is a dna-sample paradise for forensic experts . one of the features of a flash-based memory player is the fact that they wo n't break as easily when you drop them . unless you 're paranoid about getting scratches on your shiny new sansa , do n't buy this
i bought this product from kb electronics . because of this product , my digital camera stopped working . on giving a bad review to this product , kb electronics offered me 10 % discount on my next product . so , i told them that i would give a good review to them if they can repair my camera . at this they went silent . so , basically this means that they would try to make someone silent with a few dollars , but if they have to fix their problems , then they would forget all morals and turn dumb . i do n't know about the current company , but beware of the same thing happening to you guys . it is possible that kb electronics has started selling the same product by the name of its sister concern - businesses do this all the time
i bought this player a little over a year ago , mainly for the ability to upgrade the firmware to region-free . played everything i put in it until a few days ago , when it started having intermittent problems- graphics were staticy and blocky , sound would just buzz and it would n't eject discs until i shut it down and restarted it . that lasted for two days before the problem became permanent . now it 's a doorstop . the apex web site appears to be down right now , but based on the other reviews here i doubt there 's much point in contacting them
the resaon i purchased this sport case is because it was an apple product . my thoughts were that is i was going to dive into the ipod experience i should invest in a quality case to protect it . i 'm sure that most people would think the way i do . i read the reviews and felt that even though it was a little pricey i would go ahead . this product is not a good one for the price . mine broke , specifically , the plastic slider on the side that locks the shuffle in . i know what your thinking... she abused the product but i swear i did not . i loathe returning things but , darn it , this is ridiculous . avoid this one and go for something less expensive .
though the concept is great , and the controls are straight forward and easy to use , the belkin reader falls short of usability . while out on a location , i was away from a power source and thought the belkin reader would be a great alternative to lugging a laptop around for file transfers . trying to transfer 1000 pics off a 1gb cf card was impossible . the reader would drain a fully charged ipod and still not finish the transfer . though it claims firewire transfer speeds , i did some tests from home and found otherwise :  100 compressed 2k pics transferred via :  usb1 card reader to computer 1 min 20 sec . pcmcia card reader in laptop 45 seconds . belkin media reader 6 min . 45 sec  this was just a simple example . you can see how hundreds of files would take 30 minutes or more . for the price , i 'd suggest buying a few more memory cards and not worry about the transfers until you get home , unless you 're in no rush and can charge up the ipod regularly
arrived today in a taped , ripped , and open box . it appears as though all the parts are there , but this is definitely not a 'factory sealed ' product . beware ! my suggestion would be to buy from someone else
this product came with an italian users guide . in addition the specification fails to state the thickness of this wall mount . it turns out its about 3.5 inches thick and with the thickness of the monitor itself it stands out very far from the wall . i returned this back to amazo
hard to figure out and organize music... battery life not what is promised and needs to be changed often... do n't recommend it . very " not happy
i adore my nano , but this armband is one of the worst products i have ever bought . i work out quite a bit with the nano and the band comes off multiple times during my workout . the spacing of the velcro dots means i never get exactly the right fit and the band gets ripped off anytime i do weight lifting close to my body . it is also as other reviewers mentioned hugely overpriced for what it is . i am ordering a band from a different company and this will go straight to the garbage .
either i am idiot or this product is very poorly designed ! it takes forever to get it just right , so that it wo n't slip off and still it feels uncomfortable and not quite right . now they have them in sorts of colors , do n't buy it , you 'll just get annoyed everytime you want to use it , like me .
i bought the armband when i got my mini ipod . however , the belt clip that comes with the ipod is perfect to clip to my shorts while jogging . you do n't need this large , clunky armband
i found the armband to be uncomfortable and inconvenient . i think the upper arm is just a bad place to carry an ipod . the added weight is distracting when i 'm running . even worse is any activity that requires me to flex my biceps at all , so lifting weights is out . put it on too tight , and i constrict the muscle . loosen it a little , and the band slips off . there is no happy medium . also , the earphone cord gets in the way more when it 's leading from my arm . the belt clip that came with my ipod mini works much better for me . i clip it on the waistband of my sweatpants when i 'm working out and it remains very secure , even when i 'm running on the treadmill . and the cord stays close to my body , where it is far less likely to get caught on something . the only advantage of this product is that it lets you advertise to the world that you own an ipod mini . big deal . my armband is destined to be forgotten in the back of a drawer at home
do not waste your money on this product ! ! whilst amazon has a very good price for it , the headset is junk ! i tried two different sets and both had a terrible hum . the hum was audible at all jacks in the house and on two different phone lines . it could be heard by the other party and made my hearing the other party nearly impossible . i work for the phone company and have used headsets over the past 25 years with no problmes . this set is very poor quality and not worth the money .
amazon quickly shipped this item to me and i was ready to rock 'n ' roll -- until i plugged it in . there was a distinct buzzing noise that both myself and the caller on the other end could hear . the buzzing noise stopped when i hit mute , so the plantronics rep said it was a microphone problem . amazon was very gracious about their return policy and i was quickly sent a new phone free of charge . well , the second phone does the same thing and i 'm returning it to get a refund . maybe just my phone line ? possibly . but i 've tried two phones now and have the same problem with both
bought c01u and was glad i could send it back after a testing period : tried it witih ableton live on os x 10.4.7 and a macbookpro . sound quality was okay but either the buffer was too small ( which caused the sound to scratch every few seconds ) or the buffer was too large which ended in a lag causing me to get distracted from my monitor-earphones . i tried for about two hours to find the right balance but it did n't work out . this microphone might have a nice sound but i ca n't recommend it for high standard voice recording .
the card lasted about 3 months then just died . i 'm disappointed considering the cost . when it was working it seemed to have better range than my builtin centrino web access card . i do n't know if i got a lemon but now i have to check the warranty .
the card worked really well except for one little thing . there is no way to enbale super g mode ( you need it to connect at 108mbps ) . without the most i could connect at was 54mbps . the quick install guide and the manual said it 's available , but it was n't . tech support was able to reproduce my problem , and tried many , many things . even though they were very helpful , they coudl n't fix it . my guess is that it 's going to take a firmware upgrade to enable super g. if you can wait for that , then you will be happy . i returned mine , and bout a linksys wpc54gx
like another reviewer , i had the srf-h3 model , and loved them - comfortable , secure , decent sound , and * almost * indestructable . i was hoping these would be " new and improved " . well , they are new.. . i really do not like them . the electronics/sound seem to be at least as good as the srf-h3 , which is fine , but the new design does not work for me at all , for 3 reasons . 1 . the bigger band that goes over the top of the head is almost square - flat on top , instead of curved , so the weight all rests right on the crown of my head . 2 . the smaller band , instead of keeping it secure , just loosens up rather than hanging on . 3 . the earpads , which were on wobbly stalks on the srf-h3 , to match the angle of the ears , are fixed on this model . so they push more on the rear edges of my ears , and push the headphones forward . the quality of the electronics and sound do n't do much good if the things are a pain to wear . maybe they will work well for some head shapes , but not for mine . bummer... maybe i can find the old model somewhere .
i ca n't say enough positive about logitech mice . this device , however , was a dismal disappointment . the pc interface works well , and its knowledge of existing components seems impressive . unfortunately , that in no way translates into a good remote interface . the ability of the unit to reliably turn on multiple components was poor , and , for those with video recorder boxes , very important functionality like the ability to access or schedule recording lists is not readily available ( if its there at all , its hidden many keystrokes deeper than i care to know about ) . even when reverting to manual operation of individual components , changing which device is being accessed involves two keystrokes ( as opposed to just one on less complex universal remotes--a much more irritating trait than one might think ) . overall , for day-to-day functionality i actually consider the barely-programmable remote that came with my scientific atlanta dvr vastly superior to the harmony , which i 've given up on after only a few days of forced use . considering the ridiculous pricetag , i strongly advise you save yourself a lot of money and your relatives a lot of frustration this year by steering clear of this sad study in user interface failure
i have 2 10 year old natural keyboards with the old keyboard layout and when i saw this new keyboard with the same layout i bought one . sadly , this keyboard is painful to use . the keys - especially the space bar - require far more force to use that my previous keyboard . i am a software engineer and used to typing but this keyboard has slowed my typing rate and wears me out after 20 minutes . on the shelf it goes for emergencies as i 'll continue to maintain my old keyboard
used this unit for a few weeks and returned . annoyances :  sofware : with adf scanning , you have to enter scan parameters ( paper size etc ) again for every scan and it does not have an option to let you to continue scanning more pages then adf can hold . you will have to use " add to file " function and select all scan parameters again . there is no option to scan double-sided pages as well with using 2 pass scanning . so 3rd party software is definitively needed to get a real value out of adf scanning . color scanning : while b/w scans are fast , color scanning speed is very poor to me . scanning stack of color pages could take ages . slow color scanning speed was observed in both usb and network modes . fax : number of rings before fax answers is limited to 4 and i found no way to increase that . no good for soho
confusing light display ( looking in the manual ) told me there was a paper jam after printing three pages . there is no jam . there is nothing stuck in the printer . sending it back now . i do not have time to troubleshoot a new printer that fails to work properly after three pages . ( maybe you wo n't have time either ! ) i am very tech savvy and have checked the manual . the device simply is defective . i also noted that the top lid that folds down for packing to travel seems very flimsy . it 's hard to imagine it would not break in time , and since it 's the paper feeder , you 'd be out of luck . i 'd recommend something else
the description indicates that it works on mac platform . but it does not . and the funny thing is the instruction . it says " if it does not work , try different computer . " very helpful , is n't it ? so i had to use my pc and set up a network w/ mac and trasnfer . too much trouble if you have a mac . however , it 's easy to use . hook up and click , click . that 's it .
these are some great headphones , buy them from somewhere else ! i chose to buy them here because of the lower price , big mistake , what i recieved wase n't the item picutered . i do n't know if there an older version or some knock-offs , the sound is ok... but there very cheaply made and theres something wrong with the hinges they do n't fold properly . i have an average size head and even fully extended to put them on you have to warp the headband to the point that it looks like its about to break . returned them and spent the extra 20 bucks to buy them from the actual site
worked well when it was working...massive bass response , comfortable cushioning for big ears and funky styling . only complaint is the cumbersome battery case and cheap feeling plastic construction . however , none of this mattered when it just stopped working 4 months after purchase . gave absolutely no signs before hand , just working one day , completely dead the next . there are other reviewers here that shared my same fate , so if you want to gamble with these , go ahead , but know that the risk is a pair of dead headphones .
low volume ... people can not hear me at the other end . i therefore have to return it . i liked my siemens 8825 much much better . other complaints : 1 . no central office voice mail indicator 2 . all handsets display the same missed call messages ; so the same missed call has to be handled 4 times . a very stupid design . 3 . large heavy handset 4 . this is not a phone system . it is a collection of phones .
one of the two ends was broken
this version released late 2005 is obviously a cost-cutting result . this release drops the zipper which is essential when travelling . also the price have doubled compared to the previous style .
this is my second one of these ( i pinched off the cable on my first one with a storage console door and had to get another ! )  the display has two settings : very dim and off . the one i had before was quite bright so they must have changed something . that said , it works perfectly . you should n't be looking at the display while driving anyway
a $ 150 calculator that i am going to trash . i had the same problem with the keyboard ( terrible response ) ; i struggled with it for about a year and then called hp . my warranty was out , so hp suggested i install an update , which i did . now the keys are firing off 3 or 4 digits with one press of the button . this is ridiculous .
i am an rpn devotee and have owned two other hps going back to the original 11c . but this calculator is horribly unreliable because it seems to ignore key entries occasionally . ( although you hear and feel the click , nothing happens ) also , the keys themselves may " bust loose " and start to wobble even after little use . this is my third replacement in the last two years . be sure and save your receipt because quality control is absent on this one .
this was my first set of in-ear headphones and i bought them because they are cheap . well , you get what you pay for . being disappointed with the fit of the koss phones , i bought the slightly more expensive jvc ha-fx55v . at least for me , a much better fit , which means more comfort and better sound . and i am still shopping . the array of offerings is daunting : jvc and jplug at about $ 20 all the way up to shure 's top of the line at $ 500 . so shop around , but forget about the koss
this warranty is purchased through amazon , but it is actually distributed by another company . when you search for tv warranties on amazon , you will see 4 warranties that appear to be the same , but are different prices . i called the company that sells these warranties and asked what the difference was . they told me that there is no difference between the $ 119 warranty and the $ 499 warranty ; they cover the exact same thing . the girl i spoke with even asked her manager and he said there is no difference . warranties are a tricky item to review , because it all looks good until you actually need it . so , on this one , i suppose only time will tell . the one difference between the amazon warranty and the electronic store warranty is that the amazon one will not replace the first bulb in the tv ; but i figure if i need to replace the bulb within those four years i will still be saving $ 100 because i can get a new bulb for around $ 200 .
bought this as a back-up for the internal hard drive of the laptop . my experience was sadly similar to many others on this site . worked fine for two backups , then the drive stopped being recognized by my own or any other computer . little red " power " light is on , little disc whirls around , but no blue " data transmit " light appears anymore . these are clearly a dismally unreliable and poorly made product- just imagine the disaster if this occurred when you were trying to restore data to a corrupted hard drive on your primary machine . a free replacement would not be much of a compensation . avoid ! !
buy the " empty " player for 37 , then get a 128 mb card....its only 5 bucks mopre total.... .
the ipod is cool but ours ... as we 've found has happened to many other owners ... went on the fritz and our nightmare began . apple 's customer service is the worst cs that we 've ever experienced regardless of the product or service supported . i could write for days about the awful experience but i 've wasted so much time with them already .. . i ca n't bear to waste more . the most notable point is that the ipod cs folks repeatedly stated that ipods are more or less disposable , commodity items and " breakdowns " were common . wow ! ! .. $ 400 bucks of throw away ! ? ! ? ! ? we still have n't recieved the return box for replacement/repair after several days even though it was promised in 24-48 hours . we also own an mp3 player that we refer to as a " dell-pod " from dell computer and have had to use their customer service as well . dell 's cs support was awesome . based on our experience with apple/ipod cs support ... this is the first and last apple product that will be owned in our household
i purchased this item on nov. 17 , 2006 . amazon claimed it was in stock . i then upgraded from free shipping to standard , which promises a 3-5 days delivery time . amazon now informs me that it will arrived on nov. 29th ! this is the second recent order with a longer than anticipated/promised delivery time . i do n't know if amazon is going down hill or what , but it 's discouraging . next time , i 'll just buy the item locally and pay a few extra dollars . and by the way , do n't even try to call amazon customer service at 800-201-7575 . they ca n't do anything to resolve a problem and barely speak or understand english . another great american company moving towards metiocracy ; what a shame
short answer : the microphone volume on this is set too low relative to the speaker volume , and can not be adjusted independently--either through the device or at the o/s level . i spoke with tech support , and they said this was to keep the echo-cancellation software from having issues . so as a speakerphone , this device is useless . i 'd have given it one star , but the rest of the device is actually very well designed , easy to setup , and so on .
compared this cable to a philips performance component cable and i am not impressed it was the exact same in picture quality . all your paying for is the name. .  why spend 50 $ when you can spend 20 $ on the philps and get the same thing ?
i was fairly satisfied with this phone until i had to re-arrange my office and move my phone . once i moved it and then tried to reconnect it , i no longer had lcd functionality or speakerphone functionality . i looked on their website and this is what it said on their faq :  problem : no caller id information received does the lcd screen on the handset show anything ? no your telephone is defective and needs to be sent in for service  since it is on their faq i would assume this is a common problem . in trying to exchange my phone they were insistent that i send my phone in first so they could look at it and then refurbish it / exchange it . since i use this phone for my home office this was problematic for me . i would not recommend this product . i personally will not by panasonic again due to the quality of customer support ( or lack thereof ) that i received
i did n't have the same experience as the " great support from lexar " review below . the rubber caps on the sport jumpdrives will quickly split open and you will probably loose your jumpdrive when it fall off your keychain . unlike the person below , lexar would not send me a free replacement . they said that i could go to their web site an purchase another rubber cap . poor support for a poor product
everyone knows terk makes junk , and this multiswitch is no exception . i needed a multiswitch quick , went to best buy and paid , get this , $ 154.00 for this terk ms ! ! yeah , i know , but i needed it asap . one week after installation , one of the satellite inputs crapped out , dead . and i do have surge protection on the lines . also , the unit runs very hot . i 've had three other terk products do the same thing . avoid terk at all costs and go with monster or even radio shack in a pinch . will never buy a terk product again . ever
the item i bought had to be returned due to the fact it did not wor
yes , i burned them in for at least 25 hours . they sounded muddy . smooth as caramel , but veiled . the bass was heavy and indistinct . the high frequencies were not clean , and not abundant . having listened to stax headphones for years and years , i know i got used to a superclean , almost clinical sound . but still i can not believe how completely different the hd600s were . i borrowed these from a friend , who bought them new and had hardly used them . frankly , i get more pleasure listening with my sony mdr-w20g sports headphones that i bought for less than $ 10 . i am at a loss to understand the glowing reviews . i would love to hear a headphone that sounds as wonderful as people are describing . but the one i heard did not . not even after break-in . never would i consider one of these phones without auditioning them . perhaps i truly heard a rare , defective unit . but if so , both drivers were defective , because they sounded the same .
-small button size -recording time is crap when used with the best batteries -hold button , many bugs with -bugs ; files often end corrupt in various ways , meaning you get f * * * ed over -software is crap , also it cant convert to mp3 , o and did i mention you have to convert in general not true for all ic recorders , which others record directly in mp3 for example -mic is without noice reduction -device is the most fragile ic recorder ever -a consumer grade product , not a professional grade product go with the following : ds-2200 made by olympus , it smokes this ic recorder by a mile , and its tough and goes for about the same price perhaps cheaper .
will not charge the micro zen , but will power the unit . will toss it in the car for those times when the battery is dead and i just need my music .
it is rather ironic that this device was so cheap that despite the fact that it will not charge an ipod shuffle...it cost more to ship it back than i would get in a refund . bought from an amazon associated store ( tiger direct ) for $ 4.99 . i also bought the matching car charger for $ 3.99 . neither works with the ipod shuffle . oh well . belkin makes a ipod dock connector to usb adapter that allows you to use your existing fw based stuff for charging only.... , i think that is the ticket for charging the shuffle on the road
...while this device does power your usb cable it seems to fail charging my blackberry or my ipod . maybe the 400 ma is not enough for that . i would not suggest to buy this item for these devices . for the ipod you better get the usb charger from the apple store for 25 $ that even comes with a standard ipod cable
i recently received an ipod photo and after loading in tons of cd 's i said . . . hey why not buy an all in 1 adapter for my car . my transpod arrived but i had difficulty inserting the adapter into my car 's charger . after working that out and using it everyday for a week , it stopped working . i realized that the fuse had blown . it 's small and relatively compact unlike the griffin roadtrip , but it 's a whole lot of drama for the price . with regard to the quality of the sound through my vehicle 's audio system , i am extremely disappointed . what sounds like a million dollars through headphones does not translate to what you hear through fm radio frequencies . i have adjusted the ipod 's equalizer and played around with some options inside my car , but i am extremely disappointed . if someone has a better alternative . . . god bless you but do n't waste your money on this product
my first mouse broke after only a few uses . when i sent it back for repairs , they sent back a refurbished mouse that did not work at all . avoid buying this mouse at all costs
when it works , this mouse is simply wonderful . small , accurate , easy to recharge , easy to carry . under those conditions , it 's probably my favorite mouse . i 've found that it 's equally good for both mac and windows . one complaint is that when it 's tethered to the usb port for recharging , it works nominally , but becomes very slow and awkward . it 's not at all the same behavior as seen when it 's completely free to move . my first incarnation of mouse lived a long life of about 10 months . my second incarnation of mouse , however , just died at the tender age of 4 months . i 've attempted mouse-to-mouse resuscitation , but to no avail , having found that iogear technical support exists by name only . i have sent multiple requests for help , and have received not a single answer . both mice died identical deaths . suddenly it stops being able to hold a charge , and freezes after about 5 minutes of use . even when tethered to the usb port for a recharge it freezes . i 'm sad that a technologically good product should have such terrible quality assurance in its manufacture . and such terrible customer support in dealing with its lack of qa
what a waste of money . for $ 300 you should n't have to buy a protection plan for the 2nd year of a products life ; unfortunately the poor quality of ipods makes it a necessity . but , the protection plan is riddled with clauses that exclude any number of reasonable issues . i 've bought apple for the last 15 years , but never again will i send them my money
although this policy is thru apple , it is 2x the price of similar policies available from other companies that also have very good reputations . one is crutchfield.com which has a 2 yr. plan for $ 29.99 which starts * after * the standard apple 1 yr labor coverage ( for a total of 3 years ) . apple extended warranty is a total of 2 years for $ 59.99 , rather than a total of 3 years for $ 29.99 thru crutchfield
after receiving this boon mic , i found it did not work consitently . losing contact with lost words , and the mic had to be held to the lips , therefore it was not truly hands free . i require a mic that i do not have to touch to work and can be used with vo
i received the camera and was not happy when i found a cheap mic that was attached to the cord of an ear peace instead of the the superior sound mic advertised in the ad . i called amazon , they had no appolgies and said the most they could do was refund my money . on another note the picture quality was ok but froze at least 2 times or better per use , as for sound i had to put the mic up to my mouth before the person on the other end could hear me . not very happ
the z-5450 has good points , reasonable cost , ease of use and ease of setup . it has a major fault in a buzzing noise made when the unit is turned on . give this item a pass , wait for the next generation and a guarantee that this problem has been corrected
this thing looks great - but it still has tracking problems as these cheap units tend to . do yourself a favor and buy the cyber home - it 's the only cheaper unit that seems to have some quality to it
i searched amazon.com for a multi-region dvd player so i could view dvds that i have purchased overseas . this dvd player came up . there are no instructions within the packaging that state how to watch non-region 1 dvds . i called the manufacturer and they told me how to " rigg " it to play region 2 dvds . also , the remote control did not work from the very beginning and the manufacturer said i would need to pay money to replace it . they also let me know that the dvd player will not work without the remote control ( not compatible with universal remotes ) . this is not a good product
maybe 2 1/2 stars . software and wireless setup for this card went fine , even great , and have continued to work for over 1 1/2 years now but . . . here 's the rub . seems the housing on the card that receives the threads of the antenna was not properly attached to the board . the antenna would not work properly - 0-50 % signal strength from the access point in the next room when it was n't falling off the back of my machine ! futzed with the thing getting half- * * * performance with it for toooo long until . . . had to remove board from computer , use plier to remove antenna from the recept and verry carefully place the card in a vice and use vice-grip/clamp tool to forcefully slide the 1/2 " housing in place onto the board . did this once and it did n't seat far enough ( antenna fell off ) and a couple weeks later had to repeat the process . apparently it needed to be pressed on even further and it actually snapped ( securely ? ) the 2nd time after using more force that you might imagine on such a delicate device . it has worked as advertised since then ( about a year now ) . there are other reviewers who have suffered from " antenna drops off " too . be warned . when one pays extra " for quality " they should expect better than this . it 's time again to add to my network and will try a different board ( for half the price ) .
this charger is flimsy . 1 ) as other mention , the " retractable " unit quickly became tangled , and without significant attention every single time ( not feasible while driving ) , does n't retract . 2 ) the plastic covering the wire at the base of the jack pulled loose , exposing the wires . 3 ) after a few months of very gentle use , the white plastic cover of the jack cracked and fell off . as a result , i 'm back in the market for a charger , just months after buying this one
i tried them on a sony dcr-trv33 , and they clogged my heads in about 10min . of recording . the camera has worked fine for about two years now , and it 's the first time i use other than sony . this camera went to the sony service center for a full cleaning/service about two months ago , and worked perfectly fine until i tried these tapes . i read somewhere that the tapes have a surface compound that lubricates the head , and that it is incompatible between brands , clogging the tape head when the different compounds mix in it . i did n't believe it then , and stil not . according to that , maybe they are fine and you only have to stick with the brand . and i 'll do , but another one
after purchasing my canon zr-90 this summer , and using the four pack of tdk tapes abc warehouse gave me with the camcorder , i went online and found these tapes and bought two ten packs due to the great price and the jvc name . they have only done one thing , clogged up my video head on the camcorder . i videotape my sons basketball games for their coaches and it was only after the first couple of games and bad recordings that i got onto canon 's website and realized my video head was clogged . i purchased a head cleaner and the first tape after the cleaning taped great , but the next tape clogged my head up , so to use these tapes , i highly recommend you clean your video head after each use , which is not good for your video head on your camcorder
it worked okay for about a month and then froze up one day when i was running . i popped out the battery so it would turn off and when i turned it back on it had deleted all of the songs .
do n't waste your money . what iriver does n't tell their customers is that once the battery goes dead , the system is useless . i will never buy one of their products again and i 'm doing my best to inform everyone out there that they 'll be tossing their money in the trash by purchasing any iriver products . my system cost me $ 340.00 and it is now as useless as the customer service department at irive
the features , size , and design of this unit are what drew me in . but after just a few uses , i quickly came to realize that this was nothing more than cheap electronics wrapped up in an attractive , but completely unusable package . to start with , the unit is small - the smallest of its kind . but the bulky external mic makes the overall footprint just as large as some of the palmtop units that this was made to replace . second , the unit has a built-in rechargeable battery that can not be removed . so , when it crashes , which it does frequently , there is no way to " cold-boot " the unit by removing the battery . this is also a problem because it reduces the unit 's true portability because you can easily get stuck with no remaining battery life and no ac power to recharge it . then , what you have is a paperweight . oh , and by the way , when you do have it plugged in to charge , the backlight is always on ( even if the power is off ) . so forget about using this unit as a plugged in desktop recorder either . but , all of this aside , the firmware simply does not work . it locks up incessantly and , with no way to reboot , you literally have to unplug it , wait for it to auto-power-off , and hope that you can start the machine up again . and , to add insult to injury , the body is a cheap chinese-made piece of plastic with absolutely no meat on its bones . overall , do n't be taken in by the low price . paying any amount of money is too much for a unit that does n't work
the microtrack will not hold a charge by itself or even operate very long when hooked up to an external usb battery pack . it just drains away under charge . the concept for this a pretty good , but the implementation woefully lacking almost to the point where i may not reliably recommend to others .
i bought this product twice . now i have two of them and none works . this router is not able to get itself an ip from the cable modem let alone sending out a wireless signal . first time i thought the router was defective and i ordered a new one hoping to return the first one , received the second one before i could return the first one , and the new one was no better than the other anyways . avoid this product at all costs , or else
run winxp , sp2 with everything updated . i 've had this router for 6 months . it is the wgt624v3 , firmware updated . i never realized how bad the wireless was on this router until this week - dropped connetion 3 times in 15 minutes today alone , while reading the amazon.com reviews . my desktop pc 's graphics card went down this past week and i had to rma it... so about 10 days to send out and get a return . i have always used a wired connection for my home desktops . the wireless access was a 'it 's there if i need it ' novelty . i started brining my ibm r51 laptop home from work so i could get online , vpn into work , etc. . this is the first time i have used my wireless consistently for more than a hour or so . the last 10 days have been rediculous to say the least . i logged on my first day and lost connection 5-6 times browsing msn and yahoo . at first i thought it might be channel interference since 2 other routers in range were using channel 11 . i went ahead and disabled the 108g feature since i had never come close to hitting that speed anyways , and changed the channel. . i used the ibm thinkvantage software to scan my area for other wireless routers and picked a channel not being used . i changed channels and i verified my signal strength before and after i changed , 95 % signal strength . the connection is still getting dropped randomly . changed channel to another channel not being used in my area and verified signal strength . no difference . scanned the networks again using the ibm thinkvantage software.. theres my router , 97 % signal strength @ 54mbs . unplugged router , modem , repaired my winsocks with winsockxp , rebooted pc . i turned on my modem first until is was ready to go , then the router until it was ready , and then my pc ( as per the netgear website ) and yea , no difference in the connections stability . the conection is still getting dropped randomly . i might expect this from a router thats on all the time and is getting tired from constantly being hammered . but i hardly ever used the wireless access ( yes , wireless radio has been off ) . after reading these reviews , i am pretty sure the problem wont go away . the part that upsets me the most , i payed premium money for a product that i thought was premium . if this had been priced ( at the time ) at bargain bin prices , i would n't of cared.. but it was n't and i do . the 'you get what you pay for ' saying does not hold true for this product . buyer beware
caution . creative used to have great support . now , 60 days of phone support . i have a 9 month old zen micro . it will not start , if i plug it in , it appears to charge but never completes , if i turn it on while plugged in i get to the creative boot up screen , it goes blank and never completes the boot up . useless junk now . i cnnot find my original receipt , ( who can ) . i can not be returned , and i can not get support on it . i will be returning my perfectly good running vision m with receipt , as i can not risk this device breaking down too . i have always hated apple , i am a pc guy , but an ipod will be my next mp3 device
i wanted to connect a computer to a router , and the computer was going to be pretty far away from the router . so i figured i needed a long cord , and decided to get this one , which is supposed to be cat 5 stranded patch ( which was what i needed . ) well , it 's long . that 's the only good thing about this cord . but the bad thing is so bad that the cord is useless . there is nothing on the ends ! it 's just a giant wire ! there are n't any connectors on the ends that i can use to plug the cord into my computer , or the router . so i have a cord , but no connectors . it 's completely useless , unless i buy the connectors separately , and attach them myself . do i know how to do that ? do i want to do that ? no . so i 'm returning this . maybe , if all you need is the cord ( it 's grey , by the way ) , and not the connectors , you might be able to use this . otherwise , it 's completely useless . if you ca n't find any cords this long that have connectors , maybe you should consider trying a shorter cord . . .
i agree with the previous review . this phone cord worked twice . now , it only retracts about half way , and keeps getting worse . i 'm returning it for a refund . do n't waste your time with this
i have really enjoyed my i pod until i started to get errors in january 2006 . i started to get an error that state that itunes ca n't read to or write form the disk meaning the ipod itself . that means i can not add music to or take music off of the iopd . this was very upsetting to me as i have had this item for less than a year . i finlay called tech support at apple . they asked for the serial # for my ipod . they told me it was out of warranty , that the warranty had expired in december of 2005 and there was nothing i could do , literally . i checked my purchase and found out that i had purchased this on april 7 , 2005 . i was so angry that they would tell me that it was out of warranty when it clearly was not . so , this is a warning to all ipod owners of this potential problem
dont buy and i had tough time in adjusting the ear piece as it falls out every time you hang it over the ear .
we signed up with vonage a couple of months ago . setting up the d-link adapter was a snap and i had a dial tone quickly . after several days , my line was ported and i thought everthing was ok .  that was until i tried calling my dad several times and he just hung up on me . i heard his side clearly , but all he heard was static . others complained about our connection too . vonage support helped me change a few things on my account to take care of those problems . however , i still have not been able to use my computer modem to fax . i have tried multiple tips to get it to work , and still no luck . calling vonage 's tech support is horrible . long wait to talk with someone who does n't speak good english nor has a clue about what to do with your problems . the worst part is that vonage makes you sign up for a contract . if it was n't for that , people would flee in droves . i think it will get better , but it has a way to g
these were expensive.... . these are a p. o. s . if you dont know what pos is google it , because i cant say it on amazon . basically , the layer has an offset . the layers do not match in position . this will give you crc errors if you have a file which is directly on a layer break , or at the end of the disk . do not buy , i repeat , do not buy . im not sure why memorex hasnt recalled their crummy product
these were not recognizable by my sony dual layer burner... maybe with more attempts and practice they will be
my wife bought this as a gift for me , thinking that it included an fm tuner . for ten dollars more , she could have purchased a product that does everything this one does ( it is essentially a $ 35 car charger ) plus the tuner . if you want to use this product to actually listen to your ipod in your car , you 'll need to purchase yet another device : either the cassette adapter ( old school ! part f8v366-apl ) or the fm transmitter ( part f8v367-apl ) . either one connects through a jack in the side of this unit . the fm transmitter is another $ 40 ( you 're now $ 20-30 over what the monster icarplay , which does all of the above , would have cost you ) ...and , surprise ! the transmitter takes aaa batteries ! there 's no way to power the transmitter through the auto kit . to power the fm transmitter without batteries , you must purchase yet a third accessory , the " mobile power cord for ipod " ( f8v7067-apl , just $ 15 ! ) ...except your car 's power plug is occupied by the auto kit , so you 'll need to buy a twin-plug adapter for that . are we having fun yet ? i 'm not , and am wishing i 'd skipped all this nonsense and just purchased the icarplay in the first place
i am the owner of a home day care and i had all of the kids bring in t-shirts so that we could all create our own unique father 's day gifts with these iron-on transfers . when i say that i followed the directions precisely i am not fooling ! i was so concerned about slip ups that i made sure i followed the directions to the letter , but every time i tried to pull off the cooled transfer paper off came half of the design and the rest styed on the paper ! very disappointing
very bad start , bad point for amazon . i wanted to get a good quality device and that is the reason i chose buying from amazon even it was more expensive than other sites . i just turned on the device and tried to search for broadcasts . it was like all the radios in us were shut down or at least in my region . by mistake i filliped the device and surprise : the device started receiving radio signal . after that everything seemed to be ok but some strange noise in headphones . cons : failure/malfunctioning while operating the radio . pros : - great sound ( with other than manufacturer provided headphones ) ; - long operating time using rechargeable battery ; - excellent expandable via sd cards feature ; - i love the flip display capability . i really love that device because of its features and i hope it was only my mischance getting a damaged one . however i requested amazon the replacement of the device instead of reimbursement . i also already advised some friends to buy that device . as a good point for amazon , the very fast answer when i requested the replacement of the device . i will come back with updates after i receive the replacement . hope a good one next time . thank you amazon team . coming back after receiving the replacement device . first of all it was a very good idea buying amazon fulfilled products even it was a bit more expensive than other sellers . the replacement came faster than the product . excellent amazon team and very professional . it 's a pleasure doing business with you . the device works perfectly . really a device you must have . more than that , my friends i recommended the mp3 player are very happy with their new acquisition . they were luckier than me . 5 stars for the product now .
yeah , the nano dock is useful ; however , be aware that it comes with no cords whatsoever . this means that you have to purchase yet another accessory for it to be of any practical use . boo apple ! there is absolutely no excuse for following in the footsteps of microsoft
just got this camera in the mail as a birthday present . installing the software was easy , but unfortunately the camera is essentially broken . it is only ( somewhat ) in-focus for items about 1 inch away . adjusting the focus ring does n't help , so this camera 's build seems to be defective . my brother bought the same camera and it does n't seem to have the same problem . anyway , returning mine .
i had a d-link usb adaptor before which was really good , but was old . i upgraded to a wireless g linksys usb adaptor , but i was supplied with old goods ( a linksys sales manager confirmed that ) , so i sent that back . i thought i 'd try d-link again . bad move . first , i tried to upgrade the drivers . my current version was 1.0.5.0 . i downloaded the version 1.12 from d-link 's site . after uninstalling and reinstalling ( several times ) i still had 1.0.5.0 . an hour and a half on the phone with d-link tech support and i still had 1.0.5.0 . another hour on google , and i 'm not the only one with this issue . seems to be a version-control issue with d-link . then , even more irritating , every time after i use my wired connection and go back to wireless i have to reinstall the drivers and reboot . and re-enter all my security info again . ( i believe this has something to do with using a different usb port from the last time , but whatever the reason , it 's unacceptable ) . this adaptor 's going back too . do n't know what i 'll try next .
the long cord simply did n't work . i returned it to maxell , using the address on the back of the package , and had the product returned to me because the facility has closed . i 've spent almost $ 5 trying to return an $ 8 product .
these discs are not really tdk - they are low-quality discs branded and priced as tdk . i have a samsung s182m dvd burner and it will not recognize these discs at all . it just spins them around and around forever . the one time i got it to recognize one of these , it reported that it was media id daxon0016s . avoid these .
sucks i had this right form the start with my compaq 7970 which is amd k7 processor and has the via chipset . the computer seemed to work for a while or at least had few errors when i first used it but i guess that was when i had windows 98 for 2 years . when i upgraded to windows xp it just got terrible i had frequent blue screens and errors . i thought it was my video card or my ram or irq sharing tried all that did n't seem to be it . eventually i was wrong it was this card as mentioned before by others apparently it does not like some amount of internet use and when the card gets stuck it shuts down and windows xp just says error or points to the video card or irq sharing ot page fault in non page area as the problem . the card was the problem buy another card other than fa310,fa311 the one i have and fa312 even if you have intel or something else i would not waist my money on this card it will probably give you problems down the road . i have tried updates from [ ... ] and updating my ram and video card have checked my irqs and reformating hard drive none worked . i put in a 3 com card i bought a few years before this computer and wow no crashes that other computer is now wirelessly connected to my home network
please ! for the love of god ! do not buy this product ! it is absolutly horrible . i 'll admit that since i bought my computer and go this card back in 2002 , i had n't had problems until the past few months . i play an online game - a mmorpg - and after every time the game is updated and i have to install the updates i am unable to log onto the game ! it freezes up , and either makes my computer crash or destroys my internet connections , forcing me to restart . as you can imagine , this gets rather frustrating , and if you play mmorpgs , you can see how it is even more frustrating . i am currently running xp home edition . i beg you , do not buy this ethernet card just because it is the cheapest one out there ! you get what you pay for ! now i 'm off to buy a new one
the photo on the target website shows a cable input/output for cable protection . the unit arrived with a phone line input/output-not much help for those expecting protection on their cable line
i have a g4 tower mac that did have a built in ethernet . unfortunately , a lightening strike took out the port and i was forced to get a pci card to replace the port . the first card i bought was the d-link dfe-530tx + . i was excited because the box clearly said that the card would work with macs and that the " minimum requirement " was os 10.2 . they lied . os 10.2 is the _maximum_ for this card . for most people , it wo n't work with 10.3 and up . d-link has no driver for 10.3 or higher , only 10.2 . a google search shows that some people have been able to get the card to work with 10.3 . i could n't . i tried several different drivers ( some users recommended a driver from realtek ) and none worked . it 's my guess ( and totally a guess ) that this card is really only for older macs that are limited to 10.2 . d-link does n't seem to have any intention of supporting modern macs . this is the second d-link product i 've used ( the first was a cable modem ) and i 've been disappointed both times . i ca n't speak for windows users , but this company does n't deserve mac business .
i started out with 2 gigabytes . and then after i had filled this card with about 500 photos , i downloaded all the photos to my computer . after deleting all of the photos from this card , the capacity had suddenly decreased to only half ! what happened to the other 1 gigabyte ? i 'm sure they pre-formatted this card to appear like it 's 2 gigabytes , but what a surprise when you start using it . not good
i canceled the order of velocity dvd-r disks since it took too long to deliver
these radios look nice but there are some problems here . first the batteries do not last long unless you do not talk . second the biggest problem for me was uncompatibility with other radios and brands . the receive quality is very poor and hard to understand at times . i also hace a t7200 and the difference is like night and day . the 7200 is the best . the 7400 i believe is an has flaws and that is why you see them priced so low . i paid $ 24.00 on ebay and also have seen the set at home depot clearance for $ 44.00 today . what good is any radio if you cant understand what someone is saying ? good try motorola but this is a poor product.not recommended to purchase
i ordered this radio back in may and i still do n't have them . it is now september . i have exchanged several emails with amazon , the first one i received a very nice but untrue reply . the second response was borderline rude but at least honest , they told me that they do n't have the product and do n't know when they will . if you are looking for something to use now , do n't waste your time with ordering this radio
the box says you can either " power " or " charge " your ipod with the powerjolt . to me , " power " means listening to the ipod while it is plugged in to the powerjolt . however , there is an overwhelming amount of buzz and static when the ipod is playing while connected to the powerjolt . maybe this thing works ok to " charge " while the ipod is not playing , but it is not an acceptable way to " power " the ipod while it is playing .
i commute via public transportation , the majority of that on a noisy train . earbuds and over ear headphones do n't block out enough of the noise to enjoy the music . i received these philips hn110 headphones as a gift . when i first got these i was pretty disappointed at how flimsy they appeared . i have some koss over ear head phones which are nice and beefy . these are scrawny but on the other hand take up less space . they use a single aaa batt . using them on the train i was able to turn down the volume on my music player a tad but a lot of the noise still gets through . i 'm not an expert on these but i guess this noise cancelling works mainly on lower frequencies . alot of the noise on the train is higher in pitch and thus gets through . the next thing i noticed was that with a cord coming out of both the left and right earphone you are limited in how you can put these on and take them off . my koss and sony headphones and earbuds use the single cord to one phone and the connecting cord from there ( or it runs through the headphone band ) . i realize i like this single cord feature very much . again these philips hn 110 do n't have this . i also noticed that when the noise cancelling is turned on and the wind is blowing you can hear the wind as if it were amplified . after about a month and a half the battery compartment door latch broke inside . now i ca n't open the battery compartment without doing some damage to these headphones . i checked philips website for info on these phones but i could n't find any . i called their customer support and they told me i had to call a different # . i called the different number and got the return merchandise authorization # but was told i need to send the receipt in . i got them as a gift so i do n't have the receipt . in summary , their noise cancelling ability is pretty week . better than my hefty non-noise cancelling koss over ears or my stethascope like sony ear buds but only by about 10 % or so ( just to put a number in their ) . flimsy design . cords from both earphones . hear the wind amplified . battery compartment latch broke after a month and a half and their warrenty sucks
after only having the cable for a week under very light usage , the cable stopped working intermittently . it makes crackling noises when the cable is moved . i am not talking about whipping or quick movement , just gentle movement of the cable causes crackling and loss of signal . i was about to scrap the cable altogether but i decided to resolder the connector to see if that would help . i cut off about half a foot of the cable and resoldered it , only to find that the same problem persisted . i got a bad cable , obviously. .
the im3c was a gift - looked like a great little portable stereo for my pod . first used it on a trip . started off playing ok and then the sound cut in and out . frustrated me for the week as i did n't know if it would play or not on any given day . when it did play it was ok but not great . finally , it did n't play anymore . returned it to the apple store where purchased to find that there was only a 15 day return policy and i missed it by 2 days . so , i tried to contact altec lansing . the phone number in the owners book did n't work although i tried for several days . then i emailed the altec support email . no response after two emails . sometimes a product does n't work and it 's easy to return or get repaired . on this one , it looks like this product will be finding the trash can . do not buy .
bought a cell phone battery that , of course , died one week past their return/refund deadline . refused to refund or replace even though the product is clearly defective . this company is a ripoff and will never do business with them again . consider yourself warned
i bought the tdk mojo 256 about a year and 3 months ago . it worked wonderfully for the first year - did what it was supposed to and the radio quality was great . then i upgraded to windows xp and that 's when everything started going wrong . this mp3 player needs propreitary software to copy files from your hard disk or cd to the mp3 player . unfortunately the software does n't work well at all with xp . right now , my player is piece of junk . i have tried copying files which it shows as copied but then when you reconnect the player , they do n't show up on there . what 's more , formatting the internal memory will also not release the space and so i have the internal memory full but it shows up in the software as free . however , it wo n't copy over any new files and gives me a " storage full " error . it does n't act reliably with xp either and i had to unplug and replug several times for it to even read the list of songs on the mp3 . it lasted all of 15 months . while it sounds like a great deal ( good features for price ) . do not buy this if you will be using it with xp and if you do , please do n't expect it to last more than 12-15 months
this player is a piece of junk . first the usb really doesnt mean you can hot swap . you can access the files only if the software is installed on the computer which means that you can not pick up mp3 from any computer . second , it gives errors with xp . it tries to install drivers every time . third , removing old and adding new mp3 is such a hassle . it takes minutes to delete old files and add new . seems like you are working with a floppy . fourth , its mojo software hangs all the time . fifth , it sucks battery life . sixth , if your mp3 is not in a directory , i.e . if copied directly , it wont show . then it wont delete and will show 200 mb as not free space . formatting is the only way out . seventh , it came with a mail in rebate which never showed up . overall , a bad experience
does the unit work ? ? ,...well yes to a degree . it takes 6 holes to lock on to the satellites and then does a fair job of giving distances . the display is poor and though they say " up to 40 objects per hole " there is normally 2-4 objects per hole . all this depends upon the skycaddie course recorder . the user ( you ) can not modify the course or add any objects that the course recorder did n't think was important . now the bad part . the unit attaches via button and belt clip ( like a cell phone ) . my button ( part that attaches to main unit ) has died twice in the first 30 days . when it breaks again,...which it will often,..the unit will probally hit the dirt . this is n't good . but fear not . it will be packed away weeks trying to get in touch with skygolf . and another week to get a replacement button ( which has been modified even weaker than the original one ) . now my replacement broke on the first time i clipped it to the belt . now back to skycaddie to get another . after being on hold for another hour , they need to transfer you to another tech that handles parts . this will take another hour . you then get a message to leave a message . normally within a week someone will call you back . by normally i mean about 35 % of the time you leave messages they return them . would i buy another,... duh,.... no
you do n't have to spend a fortune on expensive cables when you are dealing with digital signals . keep in mind that all digital interfaces have error correction built into them . did you know the internal components of consumer electronics are connected with tin and nickel ? there 's no gold inside ! so there 's no need for oxygen-free , gold tipped , multi sheilded , super mega supreme cables . if you do n't believe me , buy this cable and a no-name cheapie . compare them for yourself -- you will see no difference . with analog signals , a good quality cable may make a difference ( although the difference is usually only visible on an oscilloscope ) .
have you ever heard the saying that something would cost you " an arm and a leg " ? these cables cost that , your first son , and bidding rights to your estate . do n't get me wrong- monster makes great cables . let there be no confusion on this point . but they 're just incredibly expensive , and this is made much worse with these cables . several people have pointed out that the digital signal on hdmi cables must adhere to error-correction and certain standards ( even a $ 10 cable cable must meet some specifications to even reach production ) - and this is largely true . unless bluray implements new features that require new cables at some point in the future , there 's really very little difference between hdmi cables . yes , the gold-plated pins and other features will improve your connection a bit , but the improvement will be far less than you 'd see between any other " cheap " versus " designer " cables on the market . but monster cables really are made to a standard that makes some difference , and that 's worth mentioning . this cable is built sturdy , so that none but the most harsh of treatment could ever damage it . and the shielding is n't just the usual electrical shielding- monster cables are toughened to the point that i would n't doubt if they 're certified against nuclear fallout . if you have the money to blow and you want the confidence of knowing that your entertainment center could fare well in an emp strike , you 're looking at the right cables . but for nearly all consumers , these cables cost 4x as much as alternatives , with no real plusses . at the very least , you can pick up a mid-grade cable ( sony , etc ) at a mid-grade price ( $ 40 ) to get the increased sturdiness and the gold-plated connections . and over these products , the monster cables basically have nothing at all except their branding . please do look up a cheaper alternative this time , and spend some of the extra money on an extra set of whatever tools you use to keep your screen clean . you 'll get much better results with these tools than you will worrying about $ 100 hdmi cables
what do they say about fools and money ? hdmi uses tmds which is a digital transmission system with built-in error correction . tmds has been designed to work over cheap cabling and a $ 10 hdmi cable will meet the specification . if you spend 9 times more on this cable than another one then you have just wasted $ 80 . that 's all there is to it . you do n't need expensive shielding or gold plated connectors for a cable . the picture or the sound are not richer or more vibrant with a $ 90 cable over a $ 10 . in fact the signal is identical . let me repeat - hdmi ( & dvi-d ) devices talk digitally with error correction . this cable and ones like it are for suckers only .
if you ca n't abide an ever-present low hiss in the background , and louder interference in the presence of power lines , do n't buy this product . i wish i 'd read the reviews more carefully before i bought . a number of even the most favorable ones mentioned this annoyance . the manufacturer replaced the first unit after i complained , but it was no improvement . this may be the best product of its type out there , but it still comes up short .
i think this product design concept is great . i love the flexibe arm size . it fits great in my car . the crappy part . i live near metro st. louis and i could not hold a signal anywhere ! i always had some intereference . whether it was fuzz or the signal going in and out . this product did not meet my expectations , especially since the back of the package states i should have crystal clear sound . this is not true . i have returned this product after little success over the first week of purchase . i am now waiting to get my dlo transpod 2 in the mail to try it out . i want something to work !
i have to say , since i really started listening to music i have payed attention to a lot more detail of sound . with that said i am not a bass junky ; but bass and compression of the overall mix is what makes a sound a good sound . i currently owned a pair of sony mdr-ex81lp ( that cost me 30-40 dollars a year ago ) i am a medical student and i study all day and all night , but can not have my music blasting . conversely i needed to have a nice isolation of my sound . comparing my old sony to the new er-6 that i just got , i am extremely dissapointed with their performance . i was expecting a great sound with minimal noise from the outside and get almost no response at the level that i studied with my old ear buds . to be fair remember that these are not noise cancelling , they are noise reducing . there is no component involved here , they are basically really good earplugs with speakers in them . my wife just ran the vacuum and i barely heard it . the earplug reduced noise feature is great and comfortable ; however my other ones ( sony earbuds ) sound better . a combination of the two would be great . keep in mind that this is my opinion and make your own based on why you are buying earbuds . environmental sound reduction is great , sound quality is not as good as some others.....choose your fault and pay attention to pricing .
i was disappointed with these earphones . the sound level was low and higher frequency sound seemed attenuated . the $ 30 sony mdr-ex51 earphones i already owned sounded much better
i have had the 325 model for less than a year . up until recently i was satisfied with its performance using it to print less than 5 pictures at a time . recently , i needed to print a series of pictures ( more than 10 in one sitting ) and had an error message-print cartridge jam-i fixed the paper jam but continued to get the error message . i called hp and they stated this was a fatal error in the unit and encouraged me to purchase the updated model rather than fix my printer . i searched the internet for a solution only to find that others had encountered this and the solution was to purchase the " new'model- a not very cost effective solution as this was not supposted to be a disposable model .
do n't buy these things ! they go bad and sandisk wo n't replace them . buy ocz or a-data or something . these things are very unreliable. .
i bought the sony 128 mb memory stick ( msh-128 ) a few months ago , but i only used it once . when i was in my 20th picture , an error appeared in the screen of my sony p100 camera :  error c : 13 : 01 , memory stick failed  first , i went to sony service center , but they did n't know what was happening . then , i went to different sony stores , but the only answer they gave me was that my memory stick is failed , that it 's impossible to fix or format it and , the worst , there is no way to save the pictures ! ! ! ! finally , i tried to solved it by myself , and i " google " the c : 13 : 01 error . if you do it , you will find hundreds of people with the same problem , looking for a solution . that 's why i do n't recommend this product . if all of us have the same problem , you can be the next
a friend gave me this card for free , when i travled to arizona . i use this card in my dell x51v . from time to time , this card ca n't be recoginize by the pda . i have to pull it out and re-insert it in , and reset my pda . then oneday , my gps software showed " map data corrupted " . all the data in the card was wiped out , and the card 's space reduced to around 300m , have no idea where the remaining space goes to . do n't put important data on this one ! ! ! that 's my lesson
i bought this sd card on april 11 . unfortunately , the card does n't work properly , in fact , my camera and my computer never detect it . also , i recived a different card , it did n't like the picture on this page . i think i was swindled . well , i had to buy another sd card
i purchased the 1gb lexar card , and 5 hours after i started using it , i 've got corrupted data that no amount of formating or data deletion will remedy . given that i had already disceted the box into small pieces to send in for mail in rebates , i contacted lexar and sent it to them on a warrenty claim [ cheaper then driving back to the retail location i purchased it at anyway ] . i got it back yesterday , and it was suffering the same problem i sent it in for in the first place ! their solution , they pay for the return shipping of card # 2 , and swap it out for two 512mb cards . not happy . but at least they are somewhat responsive to fixing the problem
i bought a brand new unit directly from garmin . it worked for about a week , then it would no longer charge . i returned it and got a refurbished unit in exchange . the refurbished unit did better.. it lasted 3 weeks before failing . to use it , i must use the charger plug constantly , as the unit will not charge . sending it back now to try a third unit
i had bought this item due to good review before i went to a trip to bulgaria . however , it plugs in but does n't work . why ? i do n't know . how should i deal with it now ? is it a defect one ? i have no idea , to me i just lost 17 dollars for an experience . ( do n't buy electronic items from a book store , even it 's cheaper ) fortunate i also bought targus travel adaptor set that save me
if you have a 30 gig . video ipod , mabey . but for a 60 gig . it is too tight to it , got a mark on ipod after taking it out , covered up part of the screen on mine , and i 'm taking it back right away . it is a waste of money to buy this product and i made a mistake by getting it for myself . get a different case than this one
please , do not buy or use this product . the " hand-stitched , supple leather " scratched my new 60g black ipod video . the description says it " will fit all ipod videos " but mine was very tight . so far , dlo has not answered my complaints . neither has apple . i bought the speck toughskin ( have not received it yet ) and hope it helps me heal the pain . bad product
it was horrible , soon as i plug the speakers in it was making a constant noise , really annoying , the speakers were junk , worst purchase i 've ever made from amazon . i would 've returned them but i did n't want to go through the trouble of sending it back . so i just smashed them and went to best buy and got new ones . i know it was a cheap speaker , but hell it should atleast work properly . talk about trash
these speakers are unusable . they give off horrible feedback even when there 's not a cell phone or cordless phone in the room
this machine is great looking , compact , and seems to be the perfect combination fax/answering machine/speakerphone . one major problem : the phone is well below average in sound quality , and the speaker is absolutely terrible . the tiny , poorly made speaker is placed in the back left side of the unit and and is totaly inaudible at loud volumes due to distortion . the fax is great , the print quality is great , the speed is great , but you have to lower the volume and lean over with your head against the speaker to hear messages . this problem also renders the speakerphone useless . i returned this unit twice thinking it was defective , but spoke to hp and was told that is just the way this unit works . buy the panasonic kx-fhd351 if you need a great sounding unit . the only problem with the panasonic is that it does n't come in black , but is a much better phone/answering/speakerphone .
i bought it for my c340 but it does not work with it . maybe it was my fault for not reading the description in depth . i really thought it did say it is good for street pilots , though . there might not be anything wrong with the item but it needs a better technical description
i agree with the previous review . this phone cord worked twice . now , it only retracts about half way , and keeps getting worse . i 'm returning it for a refund . do n't waste your time with this
i am on my second one and i will be returning this one also . both of them worked once and then would not retract fully after that . i was so mad i almost threw it against the wall . i thought the first one was a defect , but then when i got the second one i realized it was a design flaw.. . if you buy the targus one keep your receipt because i guarantee you will be returning it . what i do n't get is how targus has the guts to release this product and also put on it : satisfaction guaranteed . what a joke. .
this card is on its way back to amazon . i purchased it as it was one of the " recommended items " with the camera i also purchased , never mind that it does n't work with the camera . i 'm not hugely tech savvy--i ( wrongly ) assumed that any items recommended with the main item ( a $ 500 camera ) would be compatible . check to make sure that any recommended accessories will actually achieve what you want them to .
this is n't the type of behavior i would expect from such a valuable and big company as amazon is . they cancelled my order same way as the other people 's . they did n't even send any notification email and i found my order cancelled by looking at the site . amazon must learn that this is illegal and they must ship all the orders placed , if they made a mistake pricing the item is their problem not ours and more after many customers confirmed the price over telephone . if amazon do n't ship the orders already placed they will throw stones over their own roof and make lots of bad publicity . i 'm one of many who wo n't be buying anything ever if amazon do n't send me my ordered items . count with me for any legal actions that may be taken
i bought these because i have an hp printer and figured they would be best for the shirts i want to make . i could n't get them to take for anything in the world . i put the pressure on it , ironed them longer , everything you can think of and they still would n't take . then when i finally got one to take it completely cracked and crumbled and started peeling off before an hour was up . it never made it to the wash , so now i am out the money i paid for them and still have no shirts . any other brands you suggest instead
it 's the most expensive cf card with absolutely no customer support . after a while the cf card stopped working - no power light as if the card &quot ; burned out&quot ; . i really ca n't tell you exactly what went wrong because it 's impossible to contact someone at socket customer support . i followed their web-site instructions but was never contacted . i 'll never buy another socket product again
connects to your microsoft pocket pc and will not work with a palm . if you mistakenly order , amazon.com will not refund your shipping . have a nice day
it states in the technical details that you can get 450 pictures from this cartridge . this is not true . after much discussion with hp , they finally admitted that it 's only rated for 150 4 x 6 pictures . my experience is that you actually get a little under 100 pictures from it . if you 're buying this cartridge , you 've probably already bought the printer , but you should know before you buy the printer that you 're going to go through a lot of expensive ink
i put this item in my cart -- it was one of the " buy both now " deals . the problem is , the first item was sold by amazon , with free shipping , the second item was sold by another company with outrageous shipping costs . i caught this easily while checking out but just wanted to post a " buyer beware " to check the shipping costs
i love the functionality of this armband . the problem is that it keeps breaking . the place at which the band loops through the holder keeps breaking. . i 'm on my second one and it is almost ready for another replacement. .
this lexar brand has had issues with it 's memory cards . i lost lots of pictures from a vacation to disney world and a convention . their site had software that was to help recover some of those lost images ! ! i have never had flash memory trouble until lexar ! i now only buy scandisk items . samsung invented this tecnology and sd is their product . the store i bought the lexar chip was in a hurry to give me another chip i could trust . he gave me the higher costing sd chip . i was n't the first to have issues from buying it in his store . he took a $ 50.00 loss to make me happy . people take lots of photos now that we went digital . imagine looking for some pictures you know you took and they are not there ! most think they messed up . with this chip you will have that happen so pay very close attention . most of what is lost can not be recovered . pay the extra money for scandisk .
the remote control is ok . but the earbuds are horrible ! they are very sensitive to your particular " ear anatomy " . i suppose they fit for some people , but for me they are useless . they stay in for a few seconds , but do n't dare do anything like running , walking , or moving your head and expect them to stay in . much better to get lightweight headphones with an over-the-head or behind-the-head band , or even the models with " hooks " that fit over the top of your ears .
a short review.. .  do n't buy this product . the wire is too long and the remote control is too heavy for the jack to hold . after a month of the remote and wire hanging and swinging about , the wire where it 's connected at the jack gave out making this remote unuseable ; i have to jiggle and find the sweet spot now just to make the remote work . long wires plus a remote adds considerable stress and weight on the jack...a serious design flaw . if you want to buy this , i suggest you tie the wire and the remote using a rubber band around your ipod to support it 's weight without pulling the wire off the connector
i am sorry to say that my experience with the cd player has been miserable . after a series of unhelpful conversations with sony folks , i am going to return it . it often fails to read the cd or cuts in and out on new cds that play perfectly in other cd players ; the shuffle program simply spins and spins , and rarely settles down to actually play a cd . it occasionally generates a read error message ( uh , yeah... ) . even if on " continuous " play , it often fails to recognize the cds loaded into it . instead , it displays a " no disc " message . then , even if it does play a series of cds on continuous play , at some pt , it just stops . it has been like this since i first brought it home and has not improved in the weeks since . the experience with the tech support people alone convinced me that they do not care . it took a long time to even get through their tech support lines the first night i had it , and then a lot of persuading to even get them to agree that their cd player was not working . then they tried to convince to me send the brand new machine back , * * for a price * * , to have them repair it . uh , no , not likely to fall for that--paying them to repair a brand new machine straight out of the box , taking time out of my way-too-busy life to ship it to them ? ? i finally have a reference number with permission to return it to the store for a full refund ; so back it goes . then there are the limitations on the remote control that others here have noted . since i had the same shuffle problems with my previous sony carousel player , i am not inclined to try a 3rd machine . needless to say , no more sonys are coming into my life .
i mainly chose this mouse because i needed one quickly and it was black and matched my set up . i had been using the standard greyish white optical mouse with a scroll wheel and a red light that shined out from under my wrist . this one feels smaller , but still comfortable . however a couple weeks of normal usage made the mouse much less solid feeling . the plastic now mushes as the seems flex slightly in my hand . i decided to have a friend repair the cable of my old mouse . : -/ i am going to donate this mouse to a friend who still has a tracking ball mouse . i like some of logitechs products and higher end mice . but i would stay away from this mouse . its not bad , its just not good enough to pick over other mice that cost the same amount . hope that helps . awesomefun
i first isntalled this to winxp 2nd ed and all of a sudden i am getting blue screens and the system keeps rebooting over and over . i uninstall and the problem goes away . coincidence ? i will let you decide . i reinstalled the adaptor and it gets very very hot.. reminds me of my notebook that overheats and shuts down . i cant get a connection to my router . i have my notebook im typing on now connected right next to the adaptor desktop and get a signal just fine with my notebook . i will be sending this back
ok . i take my words back . i found a solution to the connection problem with windows xp . download a patch ( windowsxp-kb884020-x86-enu.exe , solving wpa issues ) from microsoft , then everything goes as it should be . -------------------------------------  i bought this usb adapter along with di-624 router for $ 99 . the router works perfectly fine . the usb adapter gave me so much trouble . i used it to connect my desktop pc to wireless network . it works when the network is not encrpted . but it wo n't find an ip address under wpa security . it searches ip address endlessly . i have winxp sp2 which is supposed to support wireless flawlessly . i think either this so-called 108m bps or the driver causing the trouble . having seen others having problem with other brands of usb adapter , i think maybe for desktop , a wireless pci card is better
it dies if you plug in any external usb disk drive or card reader . d-link just does n't know how to write device drivers that work well . i 've had problems with every d-link product i 've ever bought
when i purchased this plan it was for a tv between $ 1000 and 1499.99 . new contract claims that my purchase had to be under $ 1000 so they will not honor it . this means i do not have an extended warranty . i either want this warranty for the price that was agreed upon or a full refund . i 'm happy i found out about this problem before i needed the warranty .
i never received the 4-year plan , when i purchased the tvhd in august 2006 . i have wrote to amazon several times with no follow up by amozon . my next step is legal , since amazon is acting like it dose n't care about the customer . the reason i both the tvhd was because of 4-year service plan . terrible customer service..... .
if you do , go ahead and take a chance . i did and got burned . tv did n't work right out of the box . will return soon .
unfortunately i bought this router ( aka junk ) from amazon . never worked smoothly . did not like wpa . after i set the the protocol to wpa and restarted it , the router froze . updated firmware , no use . now its not working . power is intermittent , will shut off whenever it wants . freezes randomly . this garbage is going back to dlink today . dlink tech support also said that they are having a huge number of complaints with 524 especially revision d . i will never buy another dlink . do yourself a favour and avoid di-52
this may be one of the cheapest routers out there , but it 's cheap in every way . i spent hours either on hold or talking with poorly trained overseas " tech support " whose expertise consisted of ( barely ) reading a script . eventually these computer whizzes determined that my d-link router did n't work . they told me to send it back ( on my nickel , of course ) , and they sent me another one , which also did not work , at least not with my computer system . after more wasted hours , i was referred to the one guy at d-link who--supposedly--has mastered this router 's bugs . the problem ? he never answered the phone . and despite all my calls to him and all my voicemails asking him either to call me at work or to set a time for us to talk , he repeatedly returned my calls at 3 : 00 in the afternoon , the time when most people who can afford routers are working . finally i had an epiphany : life was too short to % * & # @ with d-link . i packed up the router and sent it back to the ceo , stephen joe , with a letter . then i went out and bought a netgear router , and i was up and running in minutes . mr. joe never responded to my letter , but what else do you expect from a company that so clearly does n't value its customers
have had this router for over a year . during this time the router constantly lost the internet connection , even when it 's wired directly to my desktop pc . the disconnect can last anywhere from a couple of seconds to minutes . a new firmware ( 1.23 ) was released a few days ago for revision a ( the version of the router i have ) . d-link 's website said the firmware " improved reliability " so i decided to upgrade . after flashing to the new firmware , the router will not let me into the control panel or respond to pings . the lights blink , that 's all . i 've reset the router , but this does nothing to restore the old firmware . d-link 's firmware upgrade appears to have put this router out of its misery--which is perhaps for the best as it now forces me to finally go back to a reliable router company
i bought 2 pairs of this radios and 1 of the pairs have a damage radio , the microphone dose n't work and i cant fix it ! ! : (  im sand about it ! ! !
a while ago i purchased the same item , maybe a month , and i received what i paid for : 2 walkie talkies , 2 rechargable batteries , and a charging base for the walkies . in this last purchase i thought i bought the same things , i even paid the same amount of money , but neither the batteries nor the charging came in the package . thank you  humberto gonzalez san jose , costa ric
bike did not run right from the beginning . the battery did not stay charged . after awhile just quite running altogether . company was not very usefull . warranty only 90 days . do not buy this peice of junk
i spoke with customer service rep at 800-283-1311 . devices have a one-year warranty . i stated that i sent in the registration card , and asked if she would look up the purchase date . she said no , " registration and warrany are in different departments . "  she asked me to hold , and came back on the line stating that since this model originally sold in 2003 , my unit went off warranty in 2004 unless i have the invoice . i called back about an hour later , after finding the invoice , and got the same customer service rep. she recognized me and belittled me for calling back and said unless i have a question , there 's nothing they can do . i stated that i found the invoice as requested and she asked me to fax it to her . i did that , so far no response . we 'll see if they replace the unit or not . just an fyi...after the one-year warranty , there are no options . the do not offer parts or service after the one-year warranty
i purchased two cdos only to find out that some of the lights on one of them did not work . after 6 weeks , kds finally replaced it . it did not cost me anything but time and frustration . after 2 months , my second one has now failed . most of the trays do not eject . it is no longer returnable and i have cds stuck in it . do not make the mistake of purchasing even one of these . go to k-mart and get one of the old fashioned manual ones . you will be much happier
adorama is a terrible company to deal with . they sent me a pkg of 2 epson ink cartridges and 270 papers . i have called several times as the ink cartridges were not the correct ones . i returned them as instructed , written 3 letters and called . this started in mid july . i called 2 weeks ago ( aug 28th and a different gal said she thought i should have my money back and would see to it . that was over 2 weeks ago and nothing since then . i would recommend that anyone should not order from this company
i bought this unit to use with a boombox and it functioned well but after a few minutes it just went blank . i tried batteries in the boombox , ac power and two boomboxes because they thought the boombox was the problem  but after two boomboxes i guess the problem is the roady . anyone else have this problem ? i use the xm only at home with the boombox . currently waiting for response from crutchfield and delphi . i will post again when ( if ) this is resolved .
this review is more about my several month 's experience with xm satellite radio and the not-so-good quality using the wireless fm frequencies through our car 's radios . i live in los angeles . i got this little roady xt for me , and the xm2go radio receiver for my wife . i was excited about getting these new satellite receivers in our cars . the idea of having all these " no ads " radio stations playing through my car 's fm frequency seemed cool . setting up the unit and getting it to work was easy . changing fm frequencies for the wireless transmitter is easy as well . it really is a neat little receiver . however , after setting up this unit in my car and the xm2go in my wife 's car , i was really disappointed in the music sound quality . the music sounds flat and with a hissy quality , almost monaural at times , and the volume seems a lot lower than the car 's radio at the same volume setting . i had to turn the volume dial up quite a bit when playing satellite radio . the car 's regular radio sounds much better than satellite radio if using wireless reception with any of the radio receivers , imo . besides , there are plenty of annoying ads and interruptions on xm radio as someone mentioned in another review . i thought about having the units professionally installed so that my wife and i would n't have to use the poor sounding wireless fm technology , but realized that both family cars have very expensive navigation systems and i did n't want the vehicle 's factory warranty voided if some installer got inside our car 's dash and accidentally messed something up . so about two month 's ago , after several months of off-and-on use of xm radio service , i called to cancel my subscriptions . i had paid for a six month subscription for both receivers when i joined . as i expected would happen , when i called them to cancel , i was on the phone for allloooooonnnng time waiting for a customer service rep . finally , i got to tell the rep all my relevant account information so i could cancel the service only to be put on hold and transferred to their " special " customer service department for cancellations where i was " accidentally " disconnected and had to call back and start all over again . finally , after another long call to them , i was able to cancel my service.....or , so i thought . yesterday , i was looking at my september credit card bill and saw that xm radio had charged my credit card for the next six months despite the fact that they assured me that my two accounts would be closed . i called my bank and had them reverse the charges and i may have the bank issue me a new credit card with different numbers in case xm tries to charge me again six months from now .
purchased the transmitter for my mp3 player . reception is poor with constant static through my car radio . the instructions ( which you do n't see until you have already purchased the product ) says antennas integrated into the window can have problems . since that is the only purpose for this device , i do n't understand why monster is selling a marginal product
i 've had a set of these batteries for a year or two now . the last few times i 've taken them out for vacation use in camera , i 've had the same problem : i charge two sets ( one kodak and one these energizers ) when i put the camera away . a few weeks later , i go off on vacation . the kodak 1600mah set will last me all day on the charge from a month or so before . the energizer 2500mah set might last me half a day , having lost most of its charge from sitting for the same number weeks before use . after missing out on some pics on my latest trip due to dead batteries , i 'd had enough . the energizers are going in the bin , and i just followed the good reviews to buy a set of duracells to replace them .
i got these batteries just over a few months ago for my portable gps unit that i use often on my travels . in fact , i bought eight of them ( two packs of 4 ) . i was upgrading from my previous set of 1600mah rayovac nimh aa batteries that were still going strong after 2 years . when i saw the new energizer 2500mah rechargeables i was excited to purchase them thinking they would last longer than my old 1600mah rayovacs . boy was i wrong ! for 2-3 months , the 2500mah energizers worked well . a charge lasted about 6-7 hours in my portable gps unit . i was getting roughly 5.5-6 hours on my old 1600mah rayovac aa 's . my gps unit is spec'ed for 6 hours on a pair of aa 's so the new 2500mah energizers seemed to work flawlessly . now they work okay and seem to be getting worse each time i charge them , appearing to hold less of a charge each time . for the last month or two ( 4th & 5th month after their initial purchase ) i 'll be lucky if i can get 4-5 hours of use out of them in my portable gps unit . i now get roughly 3.5-4 hours of use out of them . i pulled out and tried my old 1600mah rayovac aa 's and once again got approximately 5.5-6 hours of use out of them in my gps unit - and my trusty rayovacs are just over 2 years old ! i thought i might have had some defective energizers but i ca n't seem to get any pair of combinations to hold a decent charge . charges just do n't seem to last - it 's really disappointing . i am going to look at another brand for high capacity 2500 + mah nimh batteries to replace my 1600mah rayovacs . would be great if the energizer could hold its charge . but because they do n't , i do not recommend the energizers to anyone
i bought several packs of these batteries 6 months ago . they were great at first , but now most of them wo n't hold a charge at all . they discharge in 2 weeks without even being in a device . do n't buy them ! they 're junk
i had such high hopes for these headphones . i wanted to hook them over my ears and go running whenever i pleased . but it was not to be . the day after i received my headphones , my grandmother passed away . i packed my bags , put my idpod and headphones in my carry-on , and headed to the airport . once settled in my seat , i tried to put on my headphones , but they kept falling off my ears . i tried to adjust them , bending the earclips all sorts of ways , but it was extremely difficult to do so , and my adjustments would n't hold . if i could n't get these headphones to stay on when i was stationary , running was out of the question . maybe others have had better luck . maybe my ears are just too small for them . but i am not impressed with these headphones
you would think that panasonic cordless phone and panasonic hands-free headset would work well together , being that they are sold by the same company . well , that is clearly not the case . i bought this headset specifically for the reason that it is sold by panasonic to work with their cordless phones . i 've tried it a few times and each time i get the same response from the person i 'm talking to . they say i sound too far away , that they can barely hear me . this product is clearly not worth it
i like the hp 96 because it can be used in many hp printers that use the hp 98 , but its a better deal than the hp 98 because it contains almost twice as much ink . hp 's ink cartridges provide excellent performance , but i think they are over priced
looks beautifull......works about 40 % of the time . be ready to reinstall the software weekly . very expensive for something that dosent work all the tim
terrible product . i have tried using the windows xp wireless application with just the netgear drivers and tried using the netgear wireless application with the netgear drivers . using either one the card disconnects at random using wpa , then you have to repair the connection and sometimes reboot to get the connection back . i reinstalled windows both times i changed drivers just to make sure nothing was conflicting with it , but nothing helped . latest drivers are 2_0_0_7 and were published in nov 2004 , so netgear has moved on to other cards and is not supporting this one any longer
these are extremely uncomfortable . it 's too tight and will hurt the ears . however , if you 're head is small enough , perhaps it might be okay . on the bright side , they sound extremely well
do not get these headphones , as they are way too tight . i have been using them for a month now , hoping they would break in more , but they have not . you can only have them on for 20 minutes or so before your ears hurt so bad you have to take them . im not sure why they made them so tight , but they would probably best fit a 10 year old .
i bought the zboard and was sorely disappointed in it 's playbility , efficiency and value for several reasons :  -the left buttons , which are the feature of the keyboard , are based on a mirroring system . you experience keyboard lag at times because the board has to interpret the button presses based on the zboard program , then the game . i personally had to press some buttons twice , or even three times in order for that command to register . -the left buttons can not be configured to your game , you must configure the game to it . the templates for different games can not be modified , all it does is change the button configuration . there are no patches for configuring the keys to how you want it . -according to the website , the top buttons for media can only be used with windows media player . if you use winamp , itunes , or anything else it wont work . -you can not program any macros into any of the buttons . if you are looking for a keyboard that can autofire or program keystrokes this is n't it . - the numpad is configured differently than a normal keyboard . this can actually be a good thing if you like having a compacted pad . i found it frustrating since i put attack commands on the numbers , and would press the wrong one sometimes because of the layout . i experienced a lot of frustration with this controller while pvping in world of warcraft . the top buttons on the left side of the board give you access to a bigger arsenal of spells and abilities when programmed right . the problem is remembering how zboard configured the button layout . i would constantly get wailed on because a button was n't where i originally remembered it to be . this forced me to sit in the key bindings menu to configure the buttons to where i could remember . after completely revamping my bindings , i gave up , restored my defaults , and used a regular keyboard instead . there is nothing gaming enhancing about this keyboard beyond having an accessory on the left side that looks cool because the buttons are grey and red and contoured to your hand . to achieve the same effect as the zboard , turn your current keyboard slightly to the right and enjoy .
i picked these speakers up because the price was right and they sounded great in the store . but i get them home to my quiet house and lo and behold the subwoofer constantly hums . i 'm not an audiophile and therefore not overly particular about sound... other than this annoying hum from the subwoofer . since these are set up in my home office where i spend a lot of time reading , i find this humming far too distracting . although the price is good , i 'd prefer to pay a little more just to omit the subwoofer 's constant hum . i 'm returning these speakers today and will shop around for another set
can not get this thing to connect to my linksys wireless router . problem is not that it does n't see the linksys , the problem is that the v2.50 firmware in the wli-tx4-g54hp is _buggy_ . if i try to enter a 10-digit hex key for 64-bit wep encryption-- it says i have to enter a 5-digit value . this is the 2nd one i bought ( i returned the first ) . piece of junk , and _no_ support from the manufacturer
one star is too many ! ( it should be negative one ) . this sad excuse for a television/radio has to be the worst piece of lame crud i have ever bought in my entire life . picture fades into black , terrible reception which fades in and out as you move about the room , smells like burning plastic after a half-hour , and so on . please , amazon shoppers , do n't waste any money on this ! you might just as well throw the $ 15 out the window . step up to something more reliable from a better manufacturer
i love bringing my ipod to parties and broadcasting it through the stereo , what use is this thing then , none ! thanks for making us spend so much money apple . this type of stuff should be built into the ipod for $ 400 ! !
i purchased this armband to hold my nano during workouts . the band barely fits my arm and tends to slide down the arm while running or cross training . looking for a replacement right now
i adore my nano , but this armband is one of the worst products i have ever bought . i work out quite a bit with the nano and the band comes off multiple times during my workout . the spacing of the velcro dots means i never get exactly the right fit and the band gets ripped off anytime i do weight lifting close to my body . it is also as other reviewers mentioned hugely overpriced for what it is . i am ordering a band from a different company and this will go straight to the garbage .
i have a dishnetwork 942 hdtv dvr system . this antenna is designed for a much older system . it does n't fit the dish very easily and was difficult to secure . i ca n't tell if it works because so far it just seems to be incompatible with my system
do not be fooled when the description says this stand holds up to 21&quot ; monitors - that is only true for * flat-panel * monitors , not traditional crt monitors . note that the weight rating says 50 pounds ! most standard 19&quot ; monitors weigh 60 pounds or more . i purchased this item at a staples near me , and brought it home to use with my 19&quot ; crt . after placing the monitor on the stand , the stand bobbed up and down and seemed as if it would completely bend at any moment
i ca n't understand how apple sell so much ipod video while they are so bad in front of an archos . just look at the screen and you 'll understand ! archos is an hundred times better
amazon says that it is in stock . do not believe it . i ordered it at 8/26 and they could not even ship it at 10/1 . they delayed it several times saying that it is in stock . of course the website says that it is always " in stock " and can ship it now . maybe their now is like 3 months.. . my current keyboard has broken keys , and i have serious inconvenience because of this
while certain labels with this software are much more easier to work with such as the cds and the general labels , i found this product much less than satisfactory . the inserts and the software do n't align too well and are a few centimeters off...especially on the lower half of the page . if one wants to keep the insert regardless of whether or not the " cut offs " are present it would be best if the paper was inserted within the opposite position in the paper tray in the printer so one can cut to the size needed . otherwise , i would suggest what another amazon customer has done . use cardstock paper....at least for the back inserts . and trim with either a scissors or paper cutter . a product should do what it promises it will do . unfortunately , this one does not . at least , within my experiance this does not measure up to what was previewed within the memorex beginner 's package w/ cd label stamper . two stars for at least being able to print the front side . although it would have been nice if they had said so without stating they could do both when they can not
i have used these labels for a long time , mostly because they seem to be the only ones out there . the paperstock is good , but if you have a good printer the paper wo n't do it justice . the labels always end up looking kinda cheap . i would love to see memorex make a package with glossy paper/high end paper . maybe epson will beat them to it
i really love my garim gps 12 . it is easy to use and move between screens and features . the summit is not as easy to use . it is not as convenient to identify way points , does not work with mapping software and its display is to simple . it was not a step up but sideways . i use it in conjunction with my gps 12 mostly just to keep the track log
i bought this monitor in june 2006 and at first was quite pleased with the nice display . less than 6 months later , in november 2006 , i heard a strange noise while using the monitor and all of the sudden the screen went very bright -- like an overexposed photo . i 'm currently working with viewsonic to get it repaired ( i must mail it to ca to be repaired , postage must be paid by me ) . all in all a disappointment and a hassle . next time i 'll buy a name brand
i bought these cables , brought them home and immediatly hooked them up . i set the ps2 for component and set my tv for it as well . and it looked awesome....for about 2 weeks . then the short in the cables caused only the blue and green colors to work making everything look creepy . it would just fade back and forth until it just stop and the tv would have all the colors washed out in green . i found that i could stick a ps2 case under the cables at the base and it went away . but sometimes someone would move the case and it would come back . i have the pstwo ( small version ) and the ps2... the small version has the problem , but the large one doesnt . so dont get them if you have the small version.. . the large one works fine .
i logged 870 miles with the iway 350 . 270 miles around maryland it was / is a great item . i took it on our first trip to new york and long island and it was terrible . the first problem occurred on the new jersey turnpike . i was supposed to use the turnpike from start to exit 18 and at exit 4 we stopped to eat . the unit said i was off course because the rest area was 100 feet from the highway . however when we returned to the highway the unit could not chart the course any more . it said i was doing 95 miles a hour when i was doing 70 , and it would lose satellites and go searching for them in the middle of the highway no obstructions of any kind anywhere . i even pulled over at exit 6 and we waited for 20 minutes to see if we just needed to stop the car for it to do the job . it did not recalculate our course until after exit 18 some 100 + miles from when it acted up . we even tried a full restart and cancel route and retried again from the address book and from direct typing the information again . about 1 mile from our destination it worked for 2 blocks and was lost again . then after 2 more blocks we found where we where going . we often get lost on this trip this is why we purchased the unit . then on the trip from the bronx to long island a 30 mile trip it stopped 5 blocks into the journey and was recalculating . i had to call the people we where visiting and they directed us by phone . however about 1 mile from their place it started working again . we used it on long island with no trouble at all . then on trip back to the bronx it worked pretty good only losing its position once on a major highway no trees or obstructions . then on our way back from the bronx to long island it was lost half the way finding position and calculating . the same exact way we went in both directions but it was clearly not right leaving the bronx . on our way back to maryland it operated pretty good after a short stretch of lost signals and redirecting and we used exactly the same roads in both directions . i did update the software to the new 1.2.0 days before we took the trip . also charting the 212 mile course to the bronx ny took close to 20 minutes , then the extra destination to long island a 30 mile addition took the iway 350 30 or so more minutes . i figured with all that time the trip home calculations would be faster but i fell asleep after waiting over a hour for it to complete the task . i feel this is one issue the unit has . longer trips take so long to calculate so when it thinks your off track it takes forever to chart a new course . on short runs under 20 miles it was very fast . i returned the unit and got a garmin c530 . the c530 is a very nice unit fast in every respect .
the 350c is well packaged with almost current programming . it only got me lost eleven ( 11 ) times on a 865 mile trip : all cities in georgia - tybee island to pine mountain to newnan to stone mountain and return to tybee island . ( i packed and returned the unit the day after getting home . ) it may suit others well , but i can not rely on the unit . four of the eleven lost episodes were because newly constructed highways were not recognized . five were due to the unit reacting too slowly in rapid turning sequences . ( one wrong turn took me sixty miles out of the way . ) two were for unknown reasons . the unit seems to take forever to acquire available satellites . instructions are clear , but preferred views automatically switch to " map " even when not wanted . i need a faster reacting unit that allows programming while enroute to a destination ( by a passanger , of course .
i bought this unit on a wim . i was leaving for a business trip and needed a gps . i really like it and it worked well for me . unfortunalty the unit would n't hold a charge on the battery . so i returned it for another one . it worked for one week and then i had the same exact problem . which to me is not a good sign of quality when the same problem happens on multiple units . when i tried to return this unit , the unit i was given did n't work at all , it gave me an error message when the gps booted up . unfortunaltey the vendor i purchased it from did n't have any more units that i could exchange it for . so i called customer service and got an ran . i am hoping when i get the next unit back in 7 to 10 days that i do n't have any more problems
i received the ipod quickly which was a plus . but it was horrible when it would only download 5 songs . i had friends who have the same ipod try to fix it and it never worked . i sent it back and requested a refund . it has been a month and a half and i have yet to get my $ 120 back .
i bought this since it 's economical , compact , did n't need cabling ( although it has an extension if you need it ) , advertised a whopping 108 mbps . well so much for that :  1 ) drivers are problematic and causes conflicts with xp sp2 . my first ever blue screen of death in about 3 or more years running xp came this item  2 ) it is extremely unreliable :  - already mentioned repeatedly , it overheats  - it drops connections randomly and yes , the only way to re-acquire the signal is to unplug and plug back in  - it 's utility is worthless , just install the driver ( if you can ) . if you try using wpa , forget about using this utility , just use windows to configure it . - i 've also found out that it 's better if you just remove this utility from the startup ( do n't run it at all ) so that windows can do everything it needs to connect , which is faster and more reliable . be careful not to uninstall , since it will also remove the driver...just remove it from your windows startup folder list . netgear has an faq about this problem , but i 'm not going to tweak windows and risk more stuff for this cheap piece of hardware . 3 ) 108 mbps ? yeah right . you 'll need the right kind of access point/wireless router for this , if not , it 's 54 mbps . this was one of the selling points , but it 's definitely a " gotcha " . you 're limited to specfic equipment , specific channel ( 6 ) , so if you have neighbors on the same channel , well , you get the picture
all hdmi cables are created equal...well , yes and no . while the signal is 100 % digital ( which means that $ 20 & $ 150 cables give the exact same picture quality ) , it does n't mean that each hdmi cable type gives the same rejection of noise ( signal to noise ratio ) as other hdmi cables . i 've had this cable a few weeks now , and am consistently getting digital " dropouts " every now and again ( only that part of the image looks scrambled for a few seconds ) -- very annoying while the action is in the scrambled section . went out and bought the monster hdmi cable ( not exactly cheap , though... ) -- the monster cable gives the exact same picture quality as this cable , except the monster cable did not experience the digital " dropouts " . if you do n't mind seeing the dropouts every now and again , this is a great cable . if you want a picture that does n't experience any dropouts , get the monster cable . regardless , the picture quality is the exact same between the cables ( minus the dropouts )
i bought magellan roadmate 700 vehicle gps 2 months back and its not working as expected . its very poor in locating the the place and sometimes do n't even work . many times this sytem got hung and power off and on again is the solution to get it work again . might this product is very good in market , but i got the bad piece
the dvd burner connected very easily through usb , was immediately recognized by winxp , the software installation was fine . i was beginning to feel good . however , whenever i burned a dvd ( i tried 4 different brands , some r , some rw etc... ) , several files would contain errors , and would be completely unreadable . the burning process moreover does not detect this : one needs to verify the data written to check and find these errors . moreover , the firmware update just does not work on my machine , pardon , machines . completely standard dell machines , all latest winxp and drivers , good cpus ( 3ghz and up ) , lots of memory , big hard-drives . i called customer service to try to solve the problem . first of all the average waiting time to get to a technician was about 30 minutes . the rudeness and the plain lies these guys give you are amazing . to make a long story short , i had to call 3 times . first guy : oh , " of course it does n't work , you have easycd creator installed ! " . ok , i buy it , i go through the ( painful ) uninstallation process of roxio 's software . no problems solved . second guy : " oh , of course it does not work , it requires 10gb of free hard-drive space ! it 's written on the box " . plain lie : on the box it says you need 10gb for nerovision ( for burning videos ) , but only 1gb for nero . quarrel ( they are tough ! ) with the guy who could not care less about the fact i got him lying , or that the product description is wrong . ok , patiently i freed up 10gb from hard drive , try again , exactly same problem . the only thing they could offer in the end was a replacement . i got perhaps relative lucky because the replacement will be a 720 , not a 710 , since 710 is not manufactured anymore ( wonder why ? ) . notice i tried this on two different machines ( one laptop and one desktop ) , with identical results . other lie : i noticed , as somebody else here , that the nero software provided writes only on sony drives : so if nero is really the only software that should be installed because of conflicts with roxio ( et al. ? ) , you will never be able to use your own cd drive to burn cds . how ridicolous is that ? ? ? ? the technician said this is because i had both software ( s ) installed , but that was another lie . the incompetence of these guys is beyond belief . if the new drive will not work , i hopefully will get a refund through my credit card . you know , the technician even said that that is not possible , credit cards companies do not do that ( lol )
i am on my third drive now , thanks to the first two breaking . sony sent me the 720ul as a replacement for my 710ul , but it 's the same drive with the exception of some faster burn times and the 720ul does n't support mac os . the sony service center in manning , ia gave me a huge runaround... first they agreed to pay for return shipping on the second defective drive . then they called me back 2 hours later and refused to pay for the shipping . what a joke . good drive when it works , but may god have mercy on you if it breaks after the return period .
who would even think about buying something that plugs into the wall for sixty bucks ! maybe thats why the ipod is so expensive.............. .
i had this adapter running in my the cardbus slot of my windows 98 computer and it ran fine . i installed it on my windows 2000 laptop . well , my first sign of trouble was a warning popup when i installed the drivers that the drivers were not certified by microsoft . so , imagine my shock when my brand new computer constantly got blue screen of death ( bsod ) crashes . big blue screen , loss of data , computer freezes tight , power button inoperative , and when you have to use a pin to press that tiny little laptop reset button on a brand new computer , well , we all know that 's when you 're in computer hell . i 'm a microsoft certified professional so i was able to narrow down the source of the problem . after definitely identifying the fa511 as the culprit , i contacted netgear 's online tech support . and that 's when things really started to get ugly . it took forever for netgear to finally give me an answer . this was after days of inactivity , wildly inappropriate responses , and repeatedly requesting same information from me . finally , netgear escalated the problem to their next level of tech support and i was shocked to read their solution : " this is a windows issue regarding permissions and * * * 16 bit * * * compatibility mode " while they were vague as to the exact nature of the problem , and contradicted themselves as to whether compatibility mode had to be enabled or disabled , their solution was straightforward : i was directed to a microsoft knowledge base article which tells you how to enable compatibility mode - and for 16-bit compatibility mode i had to make my nice clean windows 2000 computer compatible with windows 95 ( yes , ninety-five ) . so , while the fa511 hardware is a 32-bit cardbus adapter , apparently their drivers are 16-bit ! ! ! no wonder the fa511 was never certified for windows 2000 . and i would n't trust it for windows xp either . there are other ethernet adapters out there by 3com , belkin , linksys , smc , and xircom that work flawlessly with windows 2000/xp by companies that will respond to your questions . go get them . avoid the fa511
no way am i purchasing this for my ipod . i would love to be able to charge my ipod away from my imac , but i refuse to purchase this . this should of been included in the box . it is a tremendous ripoff to buy an ac adapter seprately ( and at $ 30 ) , but then again , i 'm sure apple is making a ton off of this gimic , but i refuse to contribute . i can see not including a dock , a/v cables , etc , as those are n't essential ipod accessories . but an ac adapter ? come on . bad apple . bad ! on the plus side , this ac adapter is smaller and comes with an ipod to charger ( or ipod to computer ) cable , which the previous model did not include . it 's still a ripoff , though
i have been a dvr user through cox cable for approx . 1 yr , and have always been disappointed . i have kept my eye on tivo for some time , and when my dvr box went out for the 2nd time , i decided it was time to try tivo . i got a refurbished series2 dvr that was free for signing a 1 yr commitment for $ 12.95 per month . i received the tivo only 2 days after i ordered , very impressive since i did n't pay to have it shipped that quickly . the setup was reasonably straight forward . i had heard so much about tivo that i had very high expectations , and here are the problems i encountered that surprised me :  1 ) my first mistake was not recognizing that you have to get a dual tuner unit to be able to record 2 seperate programs ( dvr does this automatically ) . so i ordered the wrong unit . to be honest , i do n't see how this service is very useful at all with only a single tuner , my family relies on dual tuners a lot . i am shocked that tivo even offers a single tuner system , to me it 's like a tricycle compared to a 10 speed , a dual tuner is so much more useful . 2 ) i thought i would be able to hook up a wireless receiver to connect to my home network . no , you have to buy theirs for $ 40 to $ 50 . since i did n't know that , i had to rely on the phone line option . this really stinks , it is very very very slow . i spent 2 hrs trying to download one days programming , the system kept getting interuppted during download ( yes i disabled call waiting ) . 3 ) when you use the online program guide , it covers up the entire screen . my cox dvr puts the tv in upper right corner ( approx . 1/4 ) asnd the rest of the screen lets you see the guide . we use this all of the time to see if there is anything better on , but that wo n't work so well with tivo . plus , scrolling up and down is painfully slow , the screen takes for ever to refresh . 4 ) similarly to item 3 above , when you review recorded programs the show you are watching is turned off completely , you can only see the tivo guide . again , cox dvr lets me look at my list and delete files etc.. all while my tv program stays visible in the upper right corner . 5 ) remote would n't work with my 42 " akai plasma . i ca n't fault tivo too much on this one , none of the universal remotes seem to work with this tv for some reason . i did love some of the tivo features and wish my cox dvr had them : 1 ) wishlist 2 ) tivo suggestions 3 ) can access your tivo through internet 4 ) view photo 's through tivo . in the end my items # 3 and 4 were things i just could n't get past , so i returned my tivo . they were friendly and helpful and i really wanted to like this product , but in my opinion it 's not able to compete with the speed and power of the cable companies dvr .
i bought a lot of panasonic stuff in the past without any problems but the picture quality on this thing is awful , even at the highest quality setting . all i saw were blocky artifacts that seemed to be blinking . i even had the dnr ( digital noise reduction ) enabled and it did n't help . most recordings skipped and stuttered at the beginning . i took it back for refund and best buy told me this model is known for doing that . i do n't see how panasonic can put their name on this junk . those cheap $ 99 recorders you find at walmart have better quality than this .
heaven help you if you want to use this with the fm remote -- a very common usage at heath clubs which provide tv rebroadcasts over fm . the fm remote connects to the ipod via a large plug on the left hand side . the armband provides a small circular hole on the right hand side , but no means of connecting the large fm remote plug
this portable color tv does n't give me any channel that you can actually watch . i returned it and i was credited . however , much to my surprise i received the same five inch tv as i had returned . it already cost me to have it returned . since i did n't ask for it , should i consider it a gift
stay away from vonage ! i have had it for several months , and have been trying to cancel it . i have been put on hold a minumum of 45 minutes to and hour each time , and then transferred to someone else who then does the bait and switch again . when you go to their web site , the only thing you can get is their custumer service number , which takes you right back to the same old nonsense . i need to cancel because of a military deployment , and all i 'm getting is a run around...the same thing happened with aol , but this is even worse . there are tons of blogs out now about how vonage sucks...check them out . it 's no wonder this company is tanking , their customer service is the absolute worst ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! i hope they read this.... they really need to change ! !
i had been using the lock for my laptop for the past 4 months without any trouble . all of a sudden , today , as i went to pick up the lock , which had been left untouched in the open position overnight with my combination in it , it decided to change combinations by itself . so it was in the locked position but the combination is still the one i had set . i tried so many combinations 'around ' mine but obviously there are so many different possibilites . the fact that i even have to try to think of what combination my lock decided to change itself to today makes this a lock i ca n't rely on
i am in the process of looking to return . the seal is not so good , so you have to run it through the machine a couple of times . in addition , the lamination has ridges in it . it is n't a smoothe finish ( and it is n't air pockets ? ?
i initially chose this router because of its low price . sometimes , you get what you pay for , and that is exactly what happened to me . as a wired router , this works well enough . it connects four computers to the internet . just do n't do anything to intense with it , and you should be fine . i noticed that when i view video media , the connection totally freezes . but for basic internet and downloading , it works . i generally find , however , that no one buys a " wireless " router not to use wireless , and that is where the problem is . the receiver is so painfully finicky , it does not keep connections . the configuration of this router is about as easy as brain surgery . the linksys support team tries to be helpful , but i ca n't seem to make this router reliable . it drops reception all the time . many times my laptop wo n't even detect a signal . the wireless performance of this router is abysmal . i sincerely hope that if you have this router , it is working flawlessly for you . i ca n't get it to work well for me not matter what i do . the difficulty that i am having with this equipment is so bad that i am going to replace it as soon as i can .
i 've been using my befw11s4 for a few months now . the little thing has its good points - a nice , unobtrusive little box i can just plug in and hide on top of some piece of office furniture , allowing my rather over-laptop-equipped household some nice convenient net access , while still allowing the home office systems a wired connection . sounds nice , if it only worked . howver , befw11s4 has a major problem , and a rather common one at that . specifically , it locks up . it does so frequently . i have to unplug the router at least once a day , and frequently twice , to deal with it locking up . ca n't even access the administrator screen , and even hitting the reset button is n't enough to fix it . wireless is n't too useful when you have to physically walk to the unit multiple times a day , is it ? the problem seems to lie not in the hardware , but in the firmware ( the software that runs on the router ) . if linksys would release reliable firmware for this router , i 'd give it 4-5 stars . but until they resolve the issue that wires down their wireless modem , i ca n't possibly justify giving the befw11s4 more then two stars
i bought this router and spent almost two hours online with linksys . after trying every sort of suggestion and speaking with three different tech support people who barely spoke english i finally understood that linksys has " limited support for macs . " when i asked what " limited support " means , i was told " we are not trained to help people with a mac . if you can borrow a windows pc we can help you " . what a waste of time . i am sending the router back . beware if you have a mac
the first vista cx i purchased died after only 3 days of use . i returned it to amazon who immediately and painlessly replaced it . the second unit lasted for 4 days until i fell waist deep into a stream with the unit in my pocket . though it was only submersed for a matter of seconds it immediately stopped working and water was seen internally around the screen . garmin 's claim of waterproofness for 1m for 10 minutes is utter baloney . the poorly designed t-style lock on the battery case can not possibly assure water integrity from anything beyond high humidity . i probably would n't buy buy another garmin but i 'm stuck with them as i have already invested $ 200 in proprietary mapsource software . i guess that was their plan . on the plus side , the vista cx did seem to function as it should...for all of 7 days
this is the best sounding pc speaker system available . absolutley stellar sound quality--for how long is a serious problem . i too own 2 of these systems . after eleven months of bliss my first amp also went out . i call klipsch technical support , and they explain i can send it in but the amp is backordered for 4-6 weeks . so i buy another one from amazon and thier retailer beach audio , inc. , not having 4-6 weeks to wait for bliss to return . so get this please , not $ 360 plus tax once , but twice , and add 2 occurances of overnight shipping at $ 125 per , for a total spend of $ 970 plus tax ! ! ! well blow me down but the replacement for amp # 1 hase n't even showed up , and 6 working days of bliss later ? you guessed it amp # 2 fails . klipsch , well they obviously picked quite a piece of crap for an amp . they stand behind the product though--i have another rma to send to the fine people at the klipsch return center . the retailer this site uses , beach audio inc. , offered me my money back , but would offer no replacement of any sort , and no refund for the $ 125 shipping charge . nothing they wanted to do would help me get a working product . they refered me to klipsch without mercy , or even lube . now klipsch makes some fine home audio ( my klipschhorns are 15 years old , have been rocked to death , and still sound awesome ) , and this promedia ultra unit sounds fabulous--so i may do business with them again ( perhaps not the pc multimedia division ) , but i vow to never give another red cent to amazon 's retailer beach audio , inc. . they were uncooperative , unsympathetic , curt , short , unprofessional , and ultimately completely useless when contacted about the failure . please look elswhere for your next pc multimedia purchase ! ! ! ! ! ! ! the klipsch promedia division should n't ever be considered .
the first subwoofer died ( no sound ) after 6 days . remember , the sub powers all the speakers in this system . i sent it back to the company i bought it from and they were nice enough to take care of " klipsch 's faulty product " . they asked me if i would like a refund and like an idiot i said , " no , just send me another one " . the replacement klipsch system arrived and it played great for about 14 months and then nothing . no power from the sub ! same problem but now my warranty is up . klipsh has a way of designing things to work just past the warranty . shame on klipsch for making such a shoddy product . shame on me for asking for a replacement and getting burned twice . heed all these warnings my friends . i would buy used speakers at a garage sale before i would buy another klipsh product . you have been warned !
these speakers do sound great but just like many others who have reviewed these speakers , they eventually just stop working . it sounds like i was one of the lucky ones as mine lasted two years . but i really did n't use them all that much and i do n't blast the volumes . when you spend this kind of many on a product it should at least last 5 years or so . i 've never had any other speaker brand just stop working on me before . worse of all is to hear that klipsch is charging a lot of money to repair their faulty products and that people had problems with them even after they were " repaired " . well , i 'm not wasting time and money on repairing them . i 'm just switching to logitech . no more klipsch ever again for me .
i received the ipod quickly which was a plus . but it was horrible when it would only download 5 songs . i had friends who have the same ipod try to fix it and it never worked . i sent it back and requested a refund . it has been a month and a half and i have yet to get my $ 120 back .
i like other lacie drives i 've used very much , thought i 'd take a chance on this , but it just does not work . it takes me about a hundred swipes on average to get the biometric sensor to work...that is keeping data a bit too secure to be helpful . also there have been reports of complete data loss by others,but i 've not had that experience - could be i just have n't been able to get to my data enough to find out . support from lacie was completely unhelpful ( wash your hands and the sensor before swiping which i have already done dozens of times was the only suggestion ) . if the drive could be partioned so you could have a secure partition and an easier to access partion , the failure of biometrics would not be so serious , but as is , i would definitely not purchase this again , and i would strongly advise against it unless there is some kind of firmware or other improvement
we have 50 + of these cards at work and i have 4 at home . i have never seen a more " fragile " pci card . if you slam a door or stomp your feet near the pc , this card may very well cease to function on the next reboot . god forbid you attempt to move the tower . every other day , someone has a malfunctioning card which needs to be jiggled , removed and reinserted , or otherwise screwed with . when it does actually work , the connection is usually good
we purchased this phone to go with the rest of the set and we were extremely disappointed ! ! we had to return them for a different brand because we could not hear ! ! ! they were so static that you often could not hear the person speaking ! ! you would think at this price it would not be so static . we went for a brand at a much lower price and they are crystal clear !
jan 2 2006 i two ordered the " md7001 2 line phone " i thought i was getting a cordless 2 line phone . what i actually got was a 2 line handset that requires a base unit for it to work . this info should be prominently displayed in their description .
you 'd think that a palm screen protector from palm would be best in class . however , these palm " premium " screen protectors have a lifespan of about 3-4 days at best . i 'm very careful with my new palm tx , yet under normal use the stylus easily scratches the screen protector to such an extent that the device no longer accurately recognizes stylus input . i also dislike having to cut the screen protectors to size . i 've tried an invisible shield screen protector , and it was tough as nails ; the problem was that installation was difficult , and the tacky surface also produced input errors . next i 'm trying a boxwave cleartouch . i never had this sort of problem with the old fellowes writeright protector , which lasted a year or more on my old palm m130
monster cable and its similarly overpriced imitators are a triumph of hype over substance , and ruthlessly exploits the consumer 's naivete and trust in shady audio/video salespeople . yes , for most things you do " get what you pay for " ---but when it comes to speaker cables , interconnects , and other a/v wiring however it 's another story . all you need for optimal sound is any 12 to 16 gauge generic cable which you can buy at home depot for a fraction of the cost . save your money for things like speaker stands , which really do make a world of difference
i am disgusted to realize that although crucial markets this card as coming with a driver for win98se , it does not . the cd it came with did not have a driver ( although it said it did ) the web sight does not have drivers and after two promises on the phone from crucial tech support promising to send me one , i still do n't have it . i do n't believe this driver exists . so much for truth in advertising and american company integrity
when i plugged these in they worked fine for about seven minutes , then the speaker 's internal power simply cut off . happened on the ac adapter or batteries , whether i was using my computer or my ipod as the sound source . same behavior every time . logitech sent me a replacement from a new production run , same thing happened . sent it back to logitech on my nickel , got another replacement from same production run ( product id : a612 ) . same problem . after two months and many long waits for logitech tech support , i 'm giving up . maybe it was just a bad run , or maybe my environment is flukey , but i 'm sorry i ever bought this thing
the koss pro4aat headphones are quality headphones , but sounds weak when driven through a regular headphone jack from your receiver or tv . to get the great sounds that everyone else seems to rave about , you really need to run these headphones through a headphone amp . also , the ear pads are of a vinyl-like material which does n't breathe well , making it uncomfortable to wear for extended periods . i 've read that leatherette pads are available , but so far have n't been able to find them . the warranty alone is great , but i would n't recommend these headphones unless you have a headphone amp
device unexpectedly stopped working after 9 months . has not been thru a washing machine , fallen in the ocean or been run over by a truck ! just nestled in my briefcase . bullet-proof case is great gimick , but this device is unreliable as a backup for " road " files . might be better off using your pda with a large sd card
i had one that worked for a year that came with the original phone . then , i just ordered this one from amazon and it worked for 30 days . like other reviews you see here , people started not being able to hear me , but i could hear them . so the microphone broke . but , i called uniden tech support and they recommended i replace the battery on the phone for $ 37 . so , i just ordered a new phone and tested the headset -- sure enough it was n't the phone -- it was the headset . a costly mistake . i would not buy this headset again . also , amazon has a 30 day return policy , so if it breaks , make sure you return it within that 30 days or you are stuck with it
i just bought a new ratpadzgs to replace my four year old ratpadz . compaired to the old ratpad , the ratpadzgs is made with a lower density cheap-o ( tm ) plastic and tracks poorly with my logitech g7 mouse . when using the mouse on the gs it causes the curser to sort of stutter along . overall i would pass on this product , for now my desk actually works better than this mousepad .
it was an okay mousepad for approximately a year and a half . every so often , my optical mouse jittered from one edge of the screen to the other when left stationary , but i encountered no serious problems . unfortunately , it seems that might have been indicative of a greater problem with the mousepad . it is all one color . the grooves have all worn away on a large portion of the pad , and now my mouse wo n't budge . i 'm in the process of looking for an alternative right now
i do n't like how easy it get scratch , and if u get the black one even worst , i went shopping for cases but they get scratch inside the cases too , just by been in the case , i return the case , then i when for those clear stickers and i recomend to put those on on a really clean table and very dry and clean hands may be use glove cause a little touch and there goes your finger print in the sticker , and with a black ipod you ca n't miss it . and if u do n't take your time u will have a lot of air bubbles showing in your ipod , so after a week looks like something that i have for a year , it sucks .
the netgear wireless router product is apparently in working order because i mailed it to my son in tennessee who got it to work just fine on his equipment which is the same as mine . surely , i 'm not so technically savvy as my son , but i can read and write and follow directions . the setting up of the equipment is quite complicated , in my view , far moreso than it should be . i 've set up other peripherals with success , but this product is more than i can handle . i 've followed the directions , over and over , and still the router does n't connect . i 've given up . ca n't handle the frustration . by the way , i 'm way over the age of 13 . i have grandchildren over the age of 13 .
after a bit of sweat i 've managed to get the printer working fine from both my xp and mac os tiger computers ...... until i unplug the direct ethernet cable to the router that is needed for set-up . then nothing happens i.e . no wireless printing . i suspect it 's an ip addressing issue having read a helpful article here ( take note d-link - amazon is becoming a better support site than your own ! ) . changing the ip address messes up my internet connection during install ; the mac works quite hard to re-establish the internet connection & perhaps this breaks the connection to the printer ? i dunno , but it 's giving me a headache . documentation & troublshooting help are very , very weak & time will tell if d-link on-line support are any better ( 22 hours & no response from them yet.... )  i 'm sure network wizards will have this little beasty up & running in no time , but for normal people it 's , well , a bit of a pain
i contacted d-link support and they verified that this product was tested and worked with a very minimum number of popular usb printers ( i believe the number was around 30-40 ) . the d-link dp-g321 wireless print server did not work with any of the 3 usb printers i owned ( lexmark z320 , hp psc 1250 , hp photosmart 7310 ) . it worked okay with my one parallel hp laserjet 1100 and i was able to connect it to my network and install the print server , but it was not at all compatible with my printers which was key . it this product was more compatible , i would have rated it 4 stars , because the installation was very easy and almost worry-free , plus it was very sensitive to the wireless radio waves i.e . it sensed my secured wireless network when other print server could not in that same location . i returned the d-link and bought instead a linksys wps54gu2 print server that worked with all of my printers , but it was not as sensitive as the d-link dp-g321 , so i had to move my printers and print server closer to my wireless access point
several reviews mention the improvement when these cables to replace a composite ( l/r audio + video ) cable , or an s-video ( multi-pinned plug ) . almost all of that improvement is due to the fact that these cable connection methods are completely different types in signal format and the tv uses different internal circuitry for each one . virtually any s-video cable connection will give a better image than a composite type cable , and any component ( individual r-g-b video ) connection will be better than s-video . cable brand has absolutely nothing to do with it . there may be some difference between one brand of component cable and another , but its almost always unnoticable
i was in the market to upgrade my printer and used amazon 's reviews to decide on a canon mp530 . it does a good job , but when i plug the usb cord into the printer , the connection to the internet drops every time . i have to disconnect from the printer so i can get on-line . recently i filled out a rather lengthy application on the internet and plugged in the usb cable so i could print . that step caused the connection to drop and i got to reenter all the information . i will be returning the canon mp530 and start my search for another all-in one printer
the memorex u3 traveldrive is simply a piece of crap . i bought it for easy data transfer when on travel , but it seldom works in any computer . the logo comes up when i plug it in and it simply hangs there . it 's utterly worthless
it was not worth the cost to ship it back
i bought with lots of ilussion this this ipod , i put all my music in it and use it ! ! after a 5 months it stop working , it did n't charge the battery . i took it to best buy where i bought it and they told me that it has " external damage " and didn ' repair it . i send it to apple service and return it without services because the same reason . my ipod did n't have that damage , it has only a few scratches on the screen . after lots of calls and fight they told me that to fix it i would have to pay us $ 250.00 that is almost what it cost new . terrible service from apple.. short live.. do n't recommended . now i 'm looking for another option for mp3 player to buy . if you know one please let me know it .
the modem works well but was very hard to set up . much harder than an apple airport that i had setup previousl
i recently purchased this item from amazon . what i received was version 2 of this modem . the current version on the linksys site is version 4 . as a cox customer , the results of my purchase were unsatisfactory . i will be returning this and purchasing the version 4 linksys from another vendor
a short list of grievances :  1 . the earbuds do n't fit well in the ear 2 . the retraction wheel is in the middle of the cord , so that if you 're walking while listening to music , it bounces around and threatens to pull the buds out of your ears . 3 . the retraction wheel broke after a month , making these headphones no longer retractable . not worth the money you 'll spend on shipping , let alone the cost of the headphones . these headphones are garbage
is there a less than 1 star . after 5month , it just stopped working , how do i get my money back . not worth it for the money . i have a smaller tv that i have had for 6 years and still works .
i was never happy with this product . the picture always had a green tint and would not adjust out . after less than a year the tube blew out .
this set lost color and picture quality over the few months that i owned it and then it just stopped working . i 'm going to buy something else and so should you
this phone is really cool but it has two major flaws . the first is the caller id problem which the other posts have already described in som detail . the second is that although the incoming volume is fine , the people on the other end have trouble hearing me and say that i sound 'far away and very soft' . troubleshooting and reseting does n't seem to help . will return asap
it looks sexy , but it just does n't work . the scroll pad is so finicky i wanted to throw it out the window after the first hour . about half the time it moves the cursor when you want to scroll , or it scrolls when you want to move the cursor . the other half the time , it does nothing no matter what part of the pad you touch or how hard or lightly you press . also beware that if you return this just because you 're not satisfied with how it works , amazon will charge you for both outgoing and return postage ! ( i 've giving it one star out of pity , and because it does look sharp .
you may notice i am writing this in lowercase . i am using the s510 keyboard i bought over a year ago . the shift keys suddenly went out so the keyboard is now useless . i have to subtract for longevity . the mouse that comes with the keyboard is poor but i use it with another mouse anyway . and , as noted in other reviews this , in common with most other usb keyboards , only works with basic functionality when hooked up through a usb kvm switch . on the good side , the battery life is very good and i think it looks nice , but i 'll be looking for something else for a replacement. .
after seeing a wide range in the prices for hdmi cables , i did some research into why is it . found out that these cables carry digital signals ( 0 's and 1 's ) , so no matter what kind of fancy name you add before this cable , its basic purpose is simple like a cat5 cable . then i went ahead and bought the cheaper ones which are working perfectly fine . so , dont be fooled by the high price cables . there is no special sheilding & % * p in them . its all misleading marketing . for this length of cable , i would pay maybe $ 5
from reading the reviews the product weighs 14 oz and is tiny . from reading amazon 's specs : 12.0 x 14.0 x 10.0 inches ; 4.0 pound
do not be deceived by the photo this thing is tiny . if that is what you are looking very small low volume very portable i suppose it is ok but over price for what you get . i think $ 30.00 would have been about right . there is no bass response and for there size how could there be . i am keeping them but only because they are so small they might come in handy for hotel use only ! the packaging is very cool but the fidelity is non existent
i 've never had a product [ ... ] out after one week of use . the screen froze up and no matter what troubleshooting tip i tried from the creative website , nothing worked . now i 'm waiting to hear back from email support because they do n't have 24 hour phone support . not impressed . would have gotten an ipod , but this thing was given as a gift
i really enjoyed my zen , when it worked . the first one i ordered i had to return becuase it would only play every other song , and after it started acting up all the lights would start blinking and i would have to take out the battery to make it stop . so , i exchanged it for a new one , and just like the other after only one week the lights started going crazy again , it would freeze up , and would only play 5 seconds of every song . what i liked about it , for the small amount of time i had it was the sound quality , the choice in colors , and the fact that it was so much cheaper than other models with the same amount of storage space . i 'm not sure i would recommend it becuase of the fact that they both only worked for a few days . now i have an iriver clix and have had no problems . it has less storage but i do n't care , it is easier to control and i have n't had problems with it
i bought this as an extra support for my wrist and within 2 weeks the gel started to ooze from the seems . i ended up having to staple all around the edges of the bean to stop the ooze which has worked but definately a design flaw . i would n't buy this again
there are too many files you must hunt for online that are not on the cd . if you can read chinese you may fare better than reading the english instructions for the software . i 'm returning mine and will try something a little more expensive but from a company with better quality control
we 'll give the unit two stars instead of one , since when it does work , it works well , with nice print-outs . but in a span of two + years , its has needed its drum replaced three times . and has once needed the main system/circuit board replaced . we 'd purchased this back when it cost about $ 125 more than it does now . and the parts have not been quickly available from some vendors . we should have bought the heavier-duty brother 4750 which we use in another office , and has been flawless .
i 've had many fax machines and this one , when it worked , certainly was n't the worst of the bunch . problem is , the auto document feed tray is cheesy . no matter how many times i smoothed , then fanned the paper , it would accept two to five sheets at a time . if i fed one at a time , this unit worked like a champ . unfortunately , that can be said of most units . i 've had good brother machines in the past , and probably will buy another , better , brother fax . this one got me so frustrated i threw it out the back door . it 's still laying there , only there seems to be more pieces now
this card does not work with nokia 6682 . i bought this card from an other website and missed the earlier review here . the product description does not show voltage details and compatibility with phones . it is very misleading as the description uses the word " mobile phone ready " . sandisk should address this isse by providing proper product description
the software it is sent with is different than the instructions given , i have yet to get it to work with my laptop w/xp and a ir hp laser jet . it may work fine for some cell apps phones etc .
the memorex dvd + r has got to be one of the worst dvd-r 's out in the market . not only is the rate of a successful dvd burn very low ( movies , games , etc . ) , it also has a horrible shelf life that lasts for about four months . from what i hear from other members , memorex uses a low-quality dye , and is explicitly evident in the red colored deterioration of the dye that can be seen on the top layer of the disk . all my dvd + r 's are actually stained red for some reason ? ! ? overall , go with verbatim or heck , even compusa dvd 's will be more suffice than this garbage
i got this mp3 at a black friday sale and i was absolutly thrilled with it...until the end broke off . the end where the battery was broke off one day and would n't stay on . i now have to hold it in place with rubber bands . now , the player will constantly shut off whenever it moves the slightest bit . the radio , however ( before it broke ) was great , the organization of the files was good and the mic worked okay if you talked straight into it . overall , this was okay for the money i paid for it , but i would n't recommend this to anyone
be aware before you buy this flash drive that it will not accept file names with many commonly used characters like : ' ? ' and '/' . when it encounters these characters , it stops transferring files completely and you have to begin the copying process again after 'correcting ' the file names . for me , this was a serious inconvenience and an undisclosed liability of the device . for others , it may be less important
we ordered this radio to have on hand in case of emergency . after an hour of cranking to start the power , the crank came off . got it back on , cranked more , came off again . small heartattack later from all the fruitless cranking , we sent it back the next day . looking for another option for an emergency radio , have n't found one yet .
i bought one of these , brand new . when i use it with a portable cd player/radio on the proper settings for my unit , the radio works for about 15 seconds , then shuts down . like the other reviewer , i 'm wondering if the voltages are off . will try a meter. .
i bought this for my 80-year-old mother , who is disabled and ca n't cope with a computer . every time the typewriter is turned on , we find that it either types the wrong letter ( press a q , it prints an s ; press e and get p , etc . ) or else it prints the correct letter but they are not spaced correctly ( some overlapping , some huge spaces ) . there is some esoteric combination of keystrokes that , supposedly , will reset the programming . but this is just too much for mom . also , every time it 's turned on , you have to re-program the line spacing , the tabs and everything else . i ended up buying a 40-year-old manual typewriter on e-bay and mom is much happier with it
this printer binds up on two pieces of paper ! if there is the least resistance during a jam , the flimsy plastic gears become stripped and the printer is trash . this is what happened to me after less than two months of light use...and i stayed within the manufacturer 's guidelines . however , there is no warrantee on this printer , so buyer beware
happy with the three tips included , i decided to try these for the heck of it . while they go nicely and comfortably deep into the ear and do n't dare come out until you intend for them to , for some reason , they diminish the quality of the sound greatly . i can most closely describe it as the sound of overcompressed mp3s . they took nearly all of the clarity out of the music
i really enjoyed my zen , when it worked . the first one i ordered i had to return becuase it would only play every other song , and after it started acting up all the lights would start blinking and i would have to take out the battery to make it stop . so , i exchanged it for a new one , and just like the other after only one week the lights started going crazy again , it would freeze up , and would only play 5 seconds of every song . what i liked about it , for the small amount of time i had it was the sound quality , the choice in colors , and the fact that it was so much cheaper than other models with the same amount of storage space . i 'm not sure i would recommend it becuase of the fact that they both only worked for a few days . now i have an iriver clix and have had no problems . it has less storage but i do n't care , it is easier to control and i have n't had problems with it
i recently bought this keyboard to go along with a fancy ergonomic laptop stand . the stand puts the laptop screen at a reasonable height for use on a desktop -- that works great . the keyboard , however , is fairly awful , and i 'm returning it . i realize i should n't expect much for $ 20 , but the keyboard has an exceptionally soft , mushy feeling . the " comfort type " slanted keys did n't get in my way , but they did n't help anything , either . the worst part about this keyboard , however , was that it uses a non-standard layout . look closely at the right side -- the " enter " key is oversized , and the | \ key is moved below to accomodate it , with the consequence that the right shift key is miniaturized . this , for a shell user or programmer , is awful . when you need to pipe something , or escape the next character , you really do n't mean to be hitting return instead . and with the small right shift key , even typing properly with balanced use of the keyboard is difficult . this small design decision makes this keyboard terrible for heavy computer users like me
after purchasing the stylus , i immideatley noticed that the styli were far significantly lighter in weight than the factory included stylus for the tungsten t5 . even worse , after a fatal exception and hard lock on the t5 , i noticed that these styli have no built-in pin to hit the reset button with
there is nothing good to say about this speaker except the size . the sound quality sucks . it stops mid song on a regular basis . it is just a piece of crap . it is so crappy that i am throwing it away rather than give to someone
i bought this item about two months ago and was happy as can be . no more equipment in the tv room ! about two weeks ago though , i noticed that the unit was slower and slower and i had to hit buttons repeatedly to get things done . it has eventually gotten to the point that it does not work at all . at first i thought it was batteries in the remote , so i replaced those a few times . then i thought the placement of the ir transmitter was off , so i moved it closer to my av rack . that worked at first , but the problem persisted so i reprogrammed , but to no avail . eventually i narrowed it down to the remote unit . even with the remote right next to the ir transmitter , it now does not work most of the time . of course the real problem now is that all my av stuff is in a different room , so standard ir remotes ( why do they even make those still ? ? ? ? ) are out of the question . i will be moving onto something else and keep my fingers crossed . along the way i learned a few other things...other reviewers are right in that the memory gets eaten up quickly when you have to program the unit ( which i do with a new lg dvd player ) . in theory , this is a great unit and the remote is very good when it comes to commands . in practice , however , all it did was make me hungry for an rf system that will work more consistently .
the ge superadio iii used to be a great radio . i bought my first one seven years ago and it worked so well that i bought another . i have recently purchased two more as gifts and they are not the same radio . side-by-side they look the same ( except for the numbers on the tuning dial ) . inside they have dissimilar circuit boards . the real difference is the two new radios are unable to tune stations nearly as well as the older radios . i would recommend not purchasing this radio
i was very disappointed with the ge superadio 3 i owned a superadio2 10 years ago which was far superior my advice save your money i had trouble with stations less than 90 miles away this radio is very overated.piossibly poor quality control
i order this item and it got lost in the mail . they resend it which was fine but , as soon as i recieve it i turn on the this item and the screen turned blank . i advised not to buy this item
as mentioned by others the actual product does not look like the photo and is a little on the flimsy side . that did not concern me too much . my problem is that it does not work properly with my samsung 13-inch color tv . it turns the set on and off and steps up/down the channels but i can not ehter a two digit channel number and have it go to the correct channel . for example , if i enter " 54 " it goes to " 55 " . i tried all the listed setup codes given in the instructions
about 1 year after having this remote to go along with my phillips dvd player the remote conked out . the buttons , while almost all responsive , will not sync up with the systems anymore , and the learning feature on the remote control seems to be defunct . you get what you pay for , i suppose
i had reservations when buying - according to online reviews many of these devices seem to be defective ( the belkin as well ) . i purchased anyway and my fears were confirmed . leds do not light , does not transmit on any frequency . manufacturer representative ( from india ) confirmed that it is defective . return will be time consuming and frustrating , but $ 50 is enough to make me endure even more pain . do n't buy this item
ca n't say much for the video or sound quality , menu options , or anything really , since this thing broke after 2 minutes of watching monsters , inc. on dvd . playback just froze , the thing stopped recognizing that dvds were in unless you turned the thing off and then back on again , and after another minute it would n't even start playing the thing at all , just whirred a lot . so , dud
great dvd/vcr combo but does not play dvd 's from other region . does not have an eject button on the remote either . if u have dvd 's , vcd from other countries that you would be playing i do not recommed this player
my player had the same headphones jack problem that so many people here have had , which ended up rendering it useless ( out of warranty ) . however , while it worked , i was quite pleased with the player and the included software . everything was intutive and ran smoothly ( except for an occational freeze with the player which never became frequent enough to be a major burden ) . i also liked the fact that this player was n't bound by itunes or file format restrictions . my only other complaint was that occasionally the touchpad made moving small increments like up one track or down one track somewhat difficult ( just give me buttons , i know they are n't sexy but they 're easy and work well ) . i am giving the product 2 stars because , while i liked it , creative has known about the headphones flaw for a long time and has not improved the build ( being that this is still a problem with these players ) . for the amount of money that a player like this costs , it should work for at least year
this music player was decent : nice look , controls , and sound . there are many nice features including decent software and using it as a data drive . there are really good things about this unit ; however , the faults are just too great ; thus , superseding the great features . however , the reaction to your key pushes , and file search are way too slow . the software is pretty nice , but the bad thing is that it likes to rename your files for you even when you did n't ask it too . that gets very annoying . for example , i just want the file to be named as is , with no tags , but the zen software will add tags no matter what , even if it has to put in the word " unknown " . it also has these strange crashes that makes it hard to have it recover . the worst part about this product is that the earphone jack gets damaged in a few weeks or months -- unprovoked ! it was so frustrating to think my headphones where damaged , but i switched it up and found out that it was the zen . then i read online , and what do you know -- it 's consensus , the product is faulty because many other people have experienced the same problem . some people even found some fixes , and i 've tried them , but to no avail . but then again , why do i have to fix a fairly new product ? if you 're going to have a fault when it comes to a music player , you do n't want it to be a physical issue that renders the player useless ! i 'd give it at least three stars as i was quite satisfied with it , but the physical fault with the headphone jack is just too much of negligence to overlook
i purchased this product and ran home to try it out . not 5 minutes after plugging it in to my computer , my computer freezes . i restart and it says my device is malfunctioning . i manage to get it working for about 5 minutes before it craps out on me again . i try upgrading the drivers and it refuses to connect to my network . i 'm a network engineer and i am well versed in what i am doing , but this card has given me nothing but trouble . i had to disable the software that came with it and use the windows wireless software to connect . this only keeps me alive for about 30 minutes before freezing . i talked to netgear support and they tell me that my processor is n't supported , which is total bs and just an attempt to get out of supporting me , they would n't even let me return the product . my advice : go with linksys or d-link or smc , anyone but netgear
several reviews mention the improvement when these cables to replace a composite ( l/r audio + video ) cable , or an s-video ( multi-pinned plug ) . almost all of that improvement is due to the fact that these cable connection methods are completely different types in signal format and the tv uses different internal circuitry for each one . virtually any s-video cable connection will give a better image than a composite type cable , and any component ( individual r-g-b video ) connection will be better than s-video . cable brand has absolutely nothing to do with it . there may be some difference between one brand of component cable and another , but its almost always unnoticable
i bought this product less than a year ago . 2 days ago , i locked my laptop and tried to unlock it . but i could n't . it was somehow messed up and the combination did not work . i had to cut it ! ! ! i do n't know how it got messed up but i 'm sure that it was not study enough to last long
i have been using this lock for a few months without changing the combination . suddenly i could no longer open it as it appears that the lock has changed its combination by itself . i called engineering in the hotel i was staying in to help me . it took them less than a minute to cut the cable with ordinary pliers .
while i do n't have any evidence to refute the package claim that it " attaches to any notebook " , once attached to my son 's computer it was almost impossible to remove . it took 10 minutes to get it off and we were pulling so hard i thought we would damage the computer . we will be returning it . not recommended
the first unit could n't even find fm stereo stations . it had similar fm specs as the sony st_jx410 am/fm tuner it was replacing . it was returned as a faulty unit . the replacement strde 197 was able to find stereo fm stations which played fine in monoral but were noisy in stereo . my 25 year old jx410 tuner did an excellent job on fm stereo stations . the second unit was returned for a refund . sony 's quality is n't what it use to be . i bought an onkyo tx-sr304 . the fm works fine with more features & expandability .
i bought this receiver from amazon , & received it about 10 days ago . since then , i 've tried to play my cassettes of classical music . when used for this purpose , this receiver sucks big time . if i turn the volume loud enough to hear the orchestra playing softly , when the orchestra gets loud the amp shuts down & protect flashes on & off . i have to turn the receiver off , then turn it back on , & lower the volume . then of course when the music gets soft again , i ca n't hear it
i bought one of these , it has a bad audio " crackling " noise on every mode except fm tuner ( an obvious defect ) . sounds like a capacitor going bad , not sure how it got through final test . plus , the audio has noise when the display updates or the volume is changed . it also hangs on to stereo mode on weak signals with no blend or rolloff , you hear audio tones from the stereo decoder pll losing lock from the station 19 khz pilot tone . am section is not bad , but the fm selectivity is not good enough to block alternate stations that most of my other radios deal with just fine . volume steps are so small it takes forever to change , needs a flippin ' crank on the knob . do n't buy this steaming turd.....buy a no-name china box , then you can throw it away when it claps out without feeling like you got scammed .
after two months , this phone stopped working . it was returned to panasonic repair and we received a notice thirty days later saying that the phone was back ordered and delivery would be in 6-8 weeks . this is not customer service . panasonic should have refunded the purchase price or offered a comparable or better phone . when called today to check on status of order , answer was basically " tough luck . " never again , panasonic . amazon should discontinue this brand
as others have reported , my latch broke as well , but i broke it within three days of ownership . within a month , i cracked the bit of plastic that is supposed to hold the palm in place when i was removing it from the case to sync it . at the time , the case had so many gashes and dings that it really looked unpresentable . bought a rhinoskin to replace this . look elsewhere before you purchase this one
ok , so it protects the tx on a fall , however the latching mechanism depends on a thin piece of plastic that eventually breaks , rendering the case without anyway of remaining shut on its own . replacing this with something like the boxwave.com hardcase , availab le from amazon
i purchased the case along with my new palm tx to protect it on trips or whenever carrying it . it 's a metal shell with a molded plastic liner . the little plastic catch in the lid half , which keeps the case closed , never seemed to work quite correctly , requiring several sliding motions before it would click shut . on a trip on march 3rd , this very small lip of plastic molded into the case broke away . now it has no catch to keep it closed . since the case cost me about $ 24 new and i 'd only get about half price for the return , i figure the broken little catch costs me too much to return . i 'll use a rubber band around the case , reminding me how flimsy and insufficient the case closing mechanism is . save your money and do n't buy this case . i do n't remember reading the reviews before i ordered it -- so there 's a $ 24 lesson
of the various ipod cases i 've tried i found this one to be the worst . the click wheel cover is impractical and annoying and the screen cover falls out all too easily . using plastic in rubber hinges was a bad idea which simply does not work well . see my other reviews for better ipod protectors
i was delighted with my toughskin for all of two hours . that 's how long it took for the belt clip to break , rendering my new purchase worthless to me . the toughskin itself is rugged ; i loved it . i should have waited before buying it , though ... on my last visit to an apple dealership , they had a bin full of * just the toughskins , * for sale at a discount . when i asked about these , i was told , " the belt clips break , and customers bring the toughskins back . "  i should note i 'm very careful with my ipod and accessories . i 'm not rough on them . the clip just fell apart while i was walking down the street . given other comments about the flimsy clips , this is clearly a design issue that speck products needs to address
first off , i bought this headset for gaming , which anyone who enjoys the pastime will tell you how quickly the hours can melt away . gamers are dependant on an ultra comfortable pair of headphones that we should n't be able to feel . i have been searching high and low for the holy grail of comfort and i was certain paying $ 90 + for a " gaming " headset would be the end of my search . sorry , these guys are going back . i 've tried a couple " cheap " best-buy headsets that i found painful to wear after an hour or so . then i decided to spring for " top of the line " . i wore these for 15 minutes before it became obvious this headset was not the holy grail i 've been looking for . the headset itself feels flimsy and cheap . the padding is made of an itchy fabric , and even on my small head , it feels tight . the earphones do not cover my ears and i can feel them slowly being crushed . i 'm not impressed with the sound , but i could overlook that if they were comfortable to wear . i did n't even bother to try the mic . if this is how sennheiser makes their high end gaming equipment , i think it 's safe to say i will avoid these guys in the future . the $ 30 pair of aiwa 's i wear at work are more comfortable than this and sound the same... if only that pair had a mic . * my ears still feel uncomfortable after taking the set off and then writing this review- i could n't imagine wearing them for a few hours while gaming . if i find the perfect pair i 'll let you all know
terrible . no bass . " j " type wiring is hard to adjust to . substandard product for panasonic . avoi
i 've been a fan of sony earbuds for many years . due to the bad reviews of durability of the latest sony earbuds , i decided on purchasing these panasonic headphones . i bought these headphones because my sony headphones died after 3 years and to upgrade my factory creative zen micro headphones . i found a perfect fit between the 3 size earplugs . i 've noticed that it does block out the sound in your surroundings . it 's good for that commute to work when there is a lot of noise . i like the around the neck feature . as far as quality , the extention part of the wiring looks durable but not the around the neck part of it . as far as the performance of the headphones , i 'm really disappointed in these headphones . my factory creative headphones had out performed these . the bass level is too low even when i max out the bass in the player . the mids and treble sound like crap . do n't waste your money on these ! now i have to spend more money to replace these poor quality headphones ! argh !
we tried the belkin in one car . when we turned the ipod on , the car battery immediately discharged ( we had to buy a new car battery ) and the ipod died . we bought another belkin and tried it in a different car and with a different ipod ( in case the first incident was a coincidence ) and this ipod died too . the ipods were under warranty , the car battery was not . we tried this with 2 different belkins , in 2 different cars with 2 different ipods . i would not recommend this product to anyone .
these labels were advertised with the seiko label printer . they did not work with the printer because the printer requires thermal labels . i sent these labels back to amazon and they promptly refunded my money
instead of getting this just get the cheaper skins . i figured to get the nicer one since i already shelled out all my money on an ipod , but it is a lot of money for a carrying case . definetly get the skins
the case looks nice , but not practical . everytime you need to change the volume or track you have to pull your ipod out . my ipod had scratch marks on it the first week . unfortunately , all the picture you see of this case is from the side view , so you can not see that there is no opening for the wheel and the display . i recommend iskin product .
maybe i got a defective pair , but the noise cancel barely does anything , maybe cuts out 3 % . not worth it , taking back and trying something else
the radio works great....except the last 2 sony walkman am/fm radios i have had you were able to clip onto your waiste band when exercising.....it was just a large clip thing....this new one has a different type that you have to use a belt with ! and who uses a belt to work out ? i certainly dont.....so i am using a very large safety pin thru the hole in the back and then i pin it onto my shorts....which has made a nice hole in the material of two pairs . otherwise it is a great item
i actually meant to order the philips 7-incher ( brighter screen , $ 20 cheaper , bulkier ) , but somehow i got confused when i placed the order...this one looked beautiful so i was pretty psyched anyway and was definitely going to keep it . i was planning on using this for work , as i get a lot of dvd 's from clients - so i popped one of those in and guess what ? it came up as " invalid disc " . it 's supposed to play the majority of formats , and i triple checked the disc in my other dvd players , and it worked in my panasonic dvd/vhs combo player . a store-bought dvd worked fine ( although i did n't play it much more than the first menu ) so i know it 's not broken . the first reviewer also noticed that it does n't play a bunch of homemade dvd 's , so i will confirm that here - if that 's gon na be a deal-breaker for you then stay away . btw , the dvd i was trying to play was made on a philips burner . i did n't bother to test it with any others
i ordered 2 of these , realizing they would have limited adjustment range - other reviews are correct in that they are very limited in their travel . what prompts my one star rating and subsequent return of my order is that they will not hold their rated weight . this model is supposed to hold a 25 lb . monitor ; it failed miserably at attempting to hold my 23 lb . imac . there is no tension adjustment ( already as tight as it would go ) and the computer just flopped forward . with a light monitor , i 'm sure it would be fine , but do n't expect even close to the stated 25 lb . rating .
i spent $ 400 16 months ago on two very similar portable audiovox dvd players for my kids , for long roadtrips . they were handled with care , never abused or exposed to severe temperatures . i think we got about 6 trips out of them , then the screens went blank while in use and both units died within 24 hours of each other . circuit city informed me the product is no longer on their shelves and referred me to audiovox , who will do nothing since the product is now out of warranty . extended warranties are useless on this kind of product -- who can wait 6-8 weeks for repairs ? parents , find another brand
bought one from amazon , they sat on the order for a week before shipping a unit that arrived dead . went through the return/replacement process and they sat on the order for over a week this time and the that one arrived dead with the exact same failure mode . the second one looked as if it had been opened before , accessory bag not sealed , manuals out of place , interior packaging worn . i believe the second one they sent was a return that was then resent to me . bad news ! ! ! i still had both and in hope of fixing on , i contacted garmin who said they were indeed broken and offered to fix one and send it back . this would mean i 'd have paid full price for what would then be a refurbished unit . both of them returned . i needed the unit right away for a desert trip . amazon 's refund process made it such that they 'd not refund all of the funds but hold them on account ( those that were originally given to me as a gift certificate from my employer ) . therefore i could not get the equipment for a local vendor . i opened one month nearly to the day dealing with slow order processing , bad units , and more . so , i 'd not recommend the unit and i think amazon may need to review their own practices to ensure what they have in inventory is new and likely operational , and that when a customer orders something , they put in the effort to ship it asap ! ! without that , if you have to buy one , go to a local dealer , put that batteries in at that shop and have them prove it works before you leave with it . since you ca n't so that here , do n't buy it here .
my first gps . it was pretty expensive and had lots of nice features ( ability to save many tracks ) . the software is very us-centric . it worked very well on the flat and in unwooded conditions . however do n't use one of these things to navigate in the bush ( use a compass ) . the technology is just not there to cope with either valleys or an overhead canopy . it was handy to confrm where i was when i found a clearing on top of a hill . finally although the battery life is better than most it is still abysmal . in summary these things are still a toy for a tramper rather than an essential tool
i purchased two of these units the first one worked ok . the second one has a problem . in a side by side comparison the signal qualities of the two units vary . i checked there accuracy and tracking with oziexplorer moving map software . the first unit tracks pretty good , but the second units position is off a large percentage of the time and sometimes as much as 400 meters . i sent the faulty unit to garmin to be repaired . they sent it back with a description of the problem and that it had been fixed . i checked the unit out and it is the same as when i sent it to them . now i 'm stuck with a dud
my brand-new card failed the first time i tried to download pictures from it ; i lost all of the pictures from my two-week trip to guatemala
this has got to be the worst camera out there . i do n't even think it 's suitable for my 13 year old son . the pictures come out horrible ! good thing it was purchase mainly with gift certificates . i 'm still sorry i wasted them on this piece of junk
i purchased this camera for my daughter for christmas . it was small,compact , and fairly inexpesive , perfect for a preteen . first , it took forever to charge ( the instructions indicate that it takes four hours ) . after waiting for hours , my daughter attempted to take pictures , but the camera would not work . the manual shows several different symbols that you should see in the lcd display , but none of these symbols appeared on this camera . i am returning the camera immediately and i would not advise anyone to purchase one .
i bought this so called " stereo " system at a big lot 's store for about $ 40.00 . i figured since they were selling it there it must be a good deal , and it looked very cool too . it worked for about a month before it started skipping and remote was wigging out . it never sounded any better than one of those old plastic 45 record players . it looked good in my daughters bedroom but it lookes and sounds much better in the dumpster . i ca n't believe this company can get away with selling this worthless crap . i will never buy anything from them again
i would love this keyboard except for the spacebar , which sticks very badly . it installed easily-is sleek and comfortable-but is not usable for very long because of this glitch . i 'm starting to see more reviews on this spacebar problem-so it looks to be fairly common with this model .
i 've loved these headphones for the year or two i 've had them . i still love them now.... when they work . the problem is that the cord is shoddy . when i plug into my laptop i have a hard time keeping it working . i have to twist the cord just right to get the sound to work . if its not just right i 'll get sound in only one ear , if at all . i do n't think this happened because of any handling issues seeing as how the base just sits on my desk . i do n't think it has ever left my office and i do n't tend to put items on top of the wire that might crush it . overall i like these things , but i 'm just getting sick of the sound phasing in and out when my laptop moves the slightest bit
i purchased this in the hope that i would be able to record verbal messages to myself , creative thoughts and ideas , etc . it does an adequate job of that . i had also hoped i could use it as a simple player , to download affirmations and such to listen to throughout the day . this it wo n't do , and it was not clear to me from the information here and on the olympus site that it would not function this way . first , even though it records wav files , it does not let you handle them well at all . to transfer recordings to your computer , you have to install special software ( included ) , but you can not transfer wav files back to the recorder ( according to the software guide ) . if you want a recorder/player to function easily like that , you should go for the more expensive ones that allow you to use them as a usb flash drive ( like the creative zen series ) . i did not install the software , as it offered nothing other than the simple transfer of a recording to my computer . i can record directly to the pc with much higher quality , so why bother ? noise recorded in a high quality format is still noise . it makes more sense to simply repeat anything i record on the olympus and record it directly to the pc . second , the sound quality is not great . given that wav files are what are used on cds , one would expect more than what this device delivers . it is noisy on either of the mic settings , and i would have to describe the sound quality as medium . do n't expect high fidelity . this is a voice recorder for recording quick notes and not much else . even analog tape would be better for most things . i may be fussier than most about this , having some professional background in audio , so the sound quality may be okay for most people . people have gotten used to lower standards in just about everything . finally , playback was very disappointing to me . it has only the simplest playback features . it plays , pauses , fast forwards , and reverses , period . you can not repeat either a single recording or portion of one , and you can not create any kind of list to specify only certain files to play . it plays ( manually ) one recording at a time and that is it . you can not set markers to fast forward or reverse to ( like chapters on a dvd ) , and searching through a recording of any length is a major pain . in fact , this recorder is defined more by what it can not do than what it can do . it is well built physically , although it is definitely designed for small hands , and can be a bit uncomfortable to use if your hands are n't small . if all you want is to record medium quality voice , this will work fine . do n't expect it to record music or anything like that - you will be disappointed . think of it as the audio version of a $ 20 digital camera . cheap , quick , grabs the image , but no frills at all . do n't expect much and you wo n't be disappointed . i am usually very happy with olympus gear , but this is definitely below their usual standard . unless your needs are very spartan and smple , i would recommend looking at more capable devices
i was not able to get this card working with my win2k laptop . i 'm no novice , have configured the rest of my wireless network without any problem , and have had a friend 's netgear card working in the same system . i called tech support and after working with me they said the card was defective and to send it back , which i did . however , i had the same problem with the replacement card . so , i ca n't recommend this product
while spending hours trying to figure out how to set the alarm , i sometimes wonder what hater of humanity actual designed this thing
1 . buttons are too small , some of which are not spaced apart very well ( very convenient for somebody waking up who can accidentally hit the wrong button ) . 2 . buttons are labeled , organized , and layed out confusingly . for example , why not have an " alarm interface " which would include all of the alarm modes and features , and maybe a " radio interface " which would include all of the radio functions/settings . you would really understand how confusing this is if you were to actually go through the process of operating this alarm clock . but really , do n't do it , make the smart choice . 3 . too many features/modes . i understand some people prefer all of the different features , but i wanted a simple alarm clock with a buzzer/radio , and clock . of course all of these special modes are set as the default , so it is a pain to try and configure all of the settings to a simple mode . so for those who want a simple alarm clock , definitely do not get this ! ! 4 . the button handling event is flawed . for example , sometimes when i push a button , it does not handle the event ( the device does n't think that you pressed the button ) . so i would have to press the button again and check to see if the radio handled the button input correctly . 5 . it is very slow when holding the button down and waiting for the alarm clock to increment up and down . 6 . radio reception is very poor . i have another radio right next to it that gets much better reception than this clock . 7 . led is not very bright and hard to read from 10 feet and farther out . i have nothing against timex ( they make great watches ) . this was written to protect anyone who who does not want to waste $ 30 .
i had this 6 months ( which is how long it takes to figure out how to use it ! ) and the backlight is no longer working . so i ca n't see the time , without a flashlight or lamp
i had these headphones for a few years then they got crushed in half in my bag . they hurt your ears after about ten minutes . they are durable though . i would recommend the kind that clip behind your ear
my this earbud headphone is poor in bass response comapared to my sony mdr g-54lp ( beware mdr-g54lp and mdr g54lp is two different models there is difference of - sign ) actually in experts view this type small earbuds use to give poor sound this is true with any brand and model so never buy earbud type small headphone if you want small headphone buy in the ear canal type headphone in experts view this type in ear earphone use to give good crystal clear sound example sony mdr ex 71 / 81 , shure e2c etc . if bigger headphone is ok than buy mdr-g54lp
while the price of the 8 in 1 card reader is reasonable , consider this . this card reader has a nasty habit of rendering smart media card useless . evidently , if you cut and paste or delete data on the sm card using thee 8 in 1 card reader , the reader rewrites the signature file so that it can not be read by the camera . so that $ 24 card has the potential to cost you over $ 80.00 . in addition , customer service is slow and i have had problems with the drivers
would n't it be nice to know what eight types of media the device will handle
i ordered the passport x50 from amazon to save the $ 18 shipping escort radar was charging . i was told by someone at escort radar that amazon was an authorized reseller . after having my detector on for ten minutes ( right out of the box ) , it did three " self cal " s , then said " service required " . i called escort radar and was told " if you let the car power up the unit when you start the car , the voltage can be all over the place and the unit gets confused . you must first start the car , and then use the thumbwheel to turn on the detector . " it makes some sense , but if this is really the case , why do n't they put those instructions in their manual ? after trying this many times , the unit was " still confused " , so i returned it for a replacement . my second detector worked for maybe thirty minutes before the same thing happened . this time escort radar told me " if you leave it plugged into the cigarette lighter over night , this has been found to cause problems . " well my lighter power goes off when i turn off the ignition , so this does n't apply . escort radar also told me that " excessive heat " has been causing them problems . now we have had a few days of 100    heat , and i 'm sure the car gets hotter parked in the sun , but the design engineers should have accounted for these conditions plus some margin when you design something that is supposed to work in a car . it gets a lot hotter in other parts of the country . there are no warnings in the manual about not using it above 90    or leaving it off in a hot car . you would n't design a ski that does n't work below 35    , would you ? ? ? the most troubling part of my conversation with escort radar service department was they told me amazon is not an authorized reseller , and they have no idea where they are getting the units from . furthermore , they will not honor any warranty nor will they ever repair the unit , not even for money .
i bought this one for its coaxial cable protection function , but the result is terrible . it greatly degrades the signal . when i use it with tv , the program on tv became unclear . when i use it with computer , the high-speed internet kept dropping . i intended to return it to amazon , and i found amazon 's return policy is that only partial refund for opened products . how can i know it 's dysfunctional before i destroyed the package and used it ? in the future , i only buy stuff at online stores with local stores , such as bestbuy or circuit city , so that i can easily get refund .
i bought the iriver mobile transmitter hoping that i would be able to listen to my mp3 player through my radio . i like the fact that it is easy to use and that you can choose your station , but i live in monroe and we get stations from toledo and detroit , which is a problem because most or all of the stations are occupied or have interference and the transmitter is not strong enough to block out the slight interference from far away stations . i didnt think to check to see how many stations i could use for this product , looking back , i should have . i would only recommend this transmitter if you live somewhere that there are n't many stations that you can listen to on the radi
it broke after two uses . it has an auto shutoff if no detection after 30 seconds and i plugged it in to everything and it would shut off every 30 seconds . i was so mad i threw it out the window . what a waste of thirty bucks
the bel rx65 worked great , for about 1 month . after that , it started flashing " selfcal " and " service requiered " on the screen . sent it in to bel for them to fix the problem . after about 10 days i got the product back , only to have it repeat exactly the same problems again within 2 days of having it . i feel like i 've been ripped off , because they either did n't even look at it or they do n't know how to test something for a problem . i spent $ 300 for a detector that does n't work as well as a $ 40 one ( and i know , i 've had both ) ! i would say i recommend escort , but i 've since learned that they are owned by the same company as bel . valentine 1 is too costly , so i guess that does n't really leave many good detectors on the market
these things are not worth the money .. get a cheap one ! look at http : //www.radarbusters.com/ or www.007radardetectors.com or www.consumersearch.com
you ca n't plug two of these in side-by-side , the plastic surrounding the business ends are too fat
do n't listen to any of us.you already have an internet connection because you are here . go to a browser and ask the question you asked here . you will find that any review that is not a store will tell you that all speaker wire is the same . they just look cool . if that 's what you need , then buy it . otherwise , stay away from monster . it 's just like bose speakers . buzz word , that 's all . these companies ca n't make any money selling you a 10 dollar cable .
at first it was n't a bad unit . but it broke within a year . now that i read the past reviews , i see i 'm not alone... .
got this unit on march 28th 2005 at circuit city had it for exactly 2 weeks and the disk stopped spinning ! took it back to the store and they didnt have another one so they told me i could pick it up at another one of their store locations and it would be " ready for me " to pick up ! picked it up took it home and couple of days later went to use it and it didnt spin ! ! ! right out of the box ! ! ! took it back to circuit city and they said they could only find the receipt on file for the first one ( that got returned ) and not for this one--- after much debate nothing got done for me at circuit city because the receipt they gave me back was the old one and now i 'm stuck with this peice of junk i paid $ 369.00 for and circuit city sucks too ! called audiovox today 7/19/05 ( waited a while i was busy giving birth at the end of may ) and they told me the 90 days were up ( by 10 days ! ) and could only fix it for a flat rate of $ 93.00 plus ship ! ! ! i am pissed of
i love this mouse ! it 's compact and picks up the signal on just about every surface . i gave it 2 stars because i figured out that it was preventing my laptop from going into idle mode ( windows xp , sp2 ) . sadly , i 'm going to have to get another mouse because of that
is very neet item especiatlly since it is usable with 1 : 1 speed as well as 2
i bought it last april and i didnt realize that slide lock key was too weak , and now i try to write data but a message is about the data is secure ( locked )
samsung is the worst . we bought this tv in august and it was delivered in september to our new house . we opened it on a sunday , plugged it in and watched it for a while , then on monday it would not come on . they thought it was a lamp , but that did n't fix it so they came and got it to service it . we bought it for football season and football season is half over and we still have no tv . they decided to replace it since they could n't fix it . that was three weeks ago . now they are giving us the runaround blaming shipping/warehouse/etc for the delay in sending the new one . during a phone conversation with samsung they basically said they were so far behind on shipping because they had so many to ship out ( ie lots of them have problems and are being replaced is the way i took it .
after waiting almost 6 months for this skypephone , and its competitor from belkin , to come to market through numerous postponements , i just gave up and bought an asus p525 smartphone . for just over double the price of the netgear i got a windows ce pda with gsm capability and full skype compatibility . when browsing through your phone contacts your are given the choice to call through gsm or skype . because you have built-in wi-fi , you can make skype calls and chats from any covered area , plus you can go on the internet using ie and check your e-mails with outlook . i have also read that the skype software that runs on dedicated phones like the netgear and the belkin is very crude due to the lack of processing power , whereas with a windows ce-based device you have much faster processors that allow a skype software closer to the one used on pcs . for those of you alergic to windows , just wait for the skype for symbian release and buy a nokia or sonyericsson smartphone . bottom line : skype is too good an application to be wasted on poorly designed hardware
this phone is a total piece of garbage . freezing , rebooting , not being able to connect to hot spots , not logging you out of skype if you are logged on at your computer at the same time . horrible tech support . can i add any more negative feedback ? oh yeah the rediculous ring tones and speaker quality . thanks for nothing netgear and for making me wait 6 months on pre order for a real piece of plastic junk
amazon does not ship to post office boxes . the mouse could only be shipped to a post office box per amazon shipping proticol . therefore , after two attempts to purchace this product from amazon i had to buy elsewhere . if you live where the united states postal service does not deliver the mail to your house , pass of this item if not amazon . i have considerable expierance buying mail order and online and this is the first time i have found a company setting rules that actually prevent the buyer from recieving the product
i bought this printer about 4 months ago . the prints are beautiful , and the speed quite good as well . however , i felt compelled to write a review tonight because of the constant error messages that pop up saying that there are too many ink cartridges of " x " color installed . it happens now between every print job , forcing me to open the printer , pull out and re-install one to three of the tanks , and then print my document . there is something wrong with this thing , and i do n't appear to be the first experiencing it . figures.. . i wait eight years to replace my printer , and end up with one that malfunctions ! i will attempt to return this item
i love the basic design , great hardware/software linkage , and software interface of this mac-happy scanner . however , i value my time too much to babysit the feed mechanism of the unit i received last week . it inconsistently graps multiple pages as other reviewers have disclosed . so , if you 're scanning a 10-page doc and it misses one somewhere along the way , have you really accomplished anything ? no . you must either try the whole thing again ( with likely the same result ) , or you must figure out what page ( s ) is missing , scan it separately , and go thru a simple yet not expedient acrobat process to insert the omitted page . in the end , this machine made it + 90 % of the way to being a really great product , but the shortcoming fouls half the machine 's overall utility . swing a little bit harder next time fujitsu
i 've gone thru multiple revisions of firmware , and multiple calls to d-link support , and this piece of junk still does not work with the d-link dwl-g700ap . d-link support calls are worthless . as a computer professional , i find it appalling that d-link would introduce and continue to sell this product , which clearly does not operate correctly .
i bought this machine on august 3 , 2005 and within one week of using it ( as an outgoing fax only ) , there was a machine error . i called customer service and after being on hold for 23 minutes i was able to speak with a live representative . i was told that the machine would need to be replaced . they sent me a refurbished unit ( the warranty indicates that any replacement units will be refurbished units ) . they sent the base unit only , so i had to remove the drum unit , paper tray , and handset from the original fax machine to use with the replacement unit . so , after only a couple of hours of using the replacement unit , i was back on hold to report another machine error . 12 minutes and i finally get a rep . apparently , the drum unit ( which is less than one month old ) is bad . so now i 'm waiting for the replacement drum unit . do n't ever buy a brother machine . they 're horrible machines and trying to get through to customer service is very , very time consuming
wow this is a real piece of junk if you have any other wireless devices going on in the home . and who nowadays does n't ? there is so much noise you ca n't even hear yourself think . oh well lesson learned . if i could have given this device a zero i would have .
i was terribly disappointed in this product which i bought for use in my canon pixma ip6000d printer . the image is grainy and , if you touch the photo within 5 minutes , you will leave marks . i laid anothe picture on top of one done 5 minutes earlier , and they stuck together . i have had very good luck with canon paper
this would be a great product is the chemical smell was not so bad and last so long . it has a horrible smell that just will not go away . i saw others mention the same issue but thought i would give it a try . it smells . other than that , the comfort is great . but i gave it 2 weeks to air out and the smell will not go away . i would suggest you do n't buy this is you have a sensitive nose . it kinda smells like those squishy foam beds and slippers you see at brookstone
yes , yes , i know . griffin has ipod mini compatability all over their roadtrip web page . but the sad fact is , when you recieve it you will not find an adapter for the ipod mini in the box although there are adapters for other ipods . when you read the instruction book you will find that you must purchase an adapter from apple computer to make it work . calling apple , i find that they no longer sell the adapter . when i called griffin i was surprised to find that if you have any other ipod than mini and the adapter is not in the box , they will send you one . they recommended that i return the roadtrip , which is what i did . save yourself the aggrevation -- if you have an ipod mini stay away from griffin technology
i had four of theese units in place and they all got replaced by the fvs338 . the main reason is the speed . i have a lab and we tested the max internet throughput of the fvs318 's at 1.2mbps ! this is unacceptable . oh yes , this is with the latest firmware . several calls to customer service left me infuriated at the lack of comprehension of the problem . i contacted their legal deptartment the same day . several promises were made on netgears part wich resulted in them having another level 1 tech call me again to insist i reinstall my os ! i have successfully sued to get my money back . with all of my venting done , i would like to say that i am still a fan of the prosafe line and will continue to use it . but netgear be warned , i will be all over you until you get this product line properly supported
most reviews do n't seem to mention a key spec - the throughput of a firewall . i just upgraded my cable connection to the new ( up to ) 30mbs plan and bought an fsv318v3 firewall to use with it . without the firewall in place , i measured about 25mbs download speed . when i installed the firewall in between the modem and one computer , download speed went down to 6.5mbs . i also discovered that if the " enable keyword blocking " checkbox is enabled , the throughput went down to 5mbs , even if there were no keywords ! this firewall is useless if you have a high-speed connection
surprisingly poor quality for a uniden phone . volume is very low -- hard to hear caller . do n't waste your money .
we had such high hopes for this product and sadly had to return it . only 20 feet away from the base unit , the clarity was very , very poor . we 've owned many regular cordless phones of varying quality and price-points , yet the least expensive of these were better than this... they just were n't waterproof . it 's a great concept if they could just make them work well . sure wish we could find a good waterproof phone ! !
do n't get me wrong , this is a pretty clever gadget . however , it 's mising one thing in terms of usability : an on/off switch . this really limits the usability of both , since it 's typical to want to turn the flashlight off for a moment , or the laser pointer on for a moment . i ca n't see me using this laser pointer in a real presentation , since it 'd either be on all the time , or i 'd be pulling the light in and out all the time ( neither of which make me look cool ) . so if you 're going to buy this , keep this limitation in mind
finally . next time i ca n't find my keys in the dark all i need to do is find this thingie and fumble it into my ipod 's holes . what a lifesaver ! and in the same box is the laser pointer so i do n't have to stop listening to 50cent just because i 'm doing some silly corporate presentation ! while it is a little tough to dance and fry an airline pilot 's eyes at the same time , it is the latest craze so i love this product ! ; - )
this mousepad may seem as a great product but at times the rest becomes a little bit tiresome , and i think it get 's in the way of my hand and the mouse . it did take me a great deal of time to get used to this pad but anyone else who use 's it has found it in the way and annoying . i have to agree with this , b/c it truly does get into the way of my hand and its a little bit confusing . also it is much bigger than most mousepad 's it takes up a great deal of space
the noise canceling is just barely discernible in comparison to when it is turned off and the music quality is not comparable to other earbuds in this price range ( $ 60 list , $ 35 amazon ) . the cloth wrapped cords seem like a nice feature for making them a bit more rugged , but i do n't like the way the cords are arranged which create this loop that you put your head into ( combined with the stronger cord , better not wear them around machinery since getting them caught will likely result in something a bit more painful than just having the earbuds yanked out of your ears )
i had the same exact experience with the poor fit of these headphones and the rude customer service . their 'surround-sound ' he-592 phones do n't fit well either . on the phone philips told me to buy a part at radioshack to resolve my problem . they could n't give me an rs part number because " it is n't their product " but they recommend that over selling me or sending me replacement ear pieces . according to them this problem was all my fault , i should have realized it sooner , saved my receipts & packaging an returned them within 30 days . from a technology standpoint the electronics are outstanding for the size and price . i like the performance of the phones on planes , trains , etc . they really work well but i am amazed that phillips would risk losing customers over pennies worth of silicone . it is a shame philips ca n't do better with the customer touchpoints like the ear piece design , their phone support and part replacement policies . take a look at shure 's products . shure sells replacement foam and triple flange sleeve ear pieces for their products . if you are in the same boat with me and like these except for the fit i think the triple flange sleeves may work as a replacement for the stock phillips ear pieces
if you 're not that picky about sound quality with music , then these may work for you . i think the frequency response range with these earbuds are pretty minimal . to me , the music is all mids . it 's missing significant highs and lows for this price range . i gave these away to a friend who 's not that picky at all , but she could tell a difference in sound quality right away . she normally uses the ipod earbuds which are uncomfortable to her . however , the noise canceling out weighs the sound quality so she prefers to use these earbuds over her ipod buds riding a crowded train or bus . hopefully i can find something affordable that has good frequency response . or maybe i need to educate myself . is it the frequency response , the impedence , or something else that covers the sound spectrum ? i 'm just looking for a good balance of lows , mids , and highs
...so i was satisfied with the noise-cancelling qualities . the cloth cable is very nice and does n't tangle as much as the usual plastic ones . i liked not having to spend so much time untangling thes in the morning . the headphones i purchased come with 3 sizes of rubber cap earbud covers and i found only one to be suitable for my ears . of course , after less than a month one of those earbuds fell off and now i ca n't use these earphones until i find a replacement somewhere , which is proving to be troublesome . super . i did n't buy these on clearance at target so that hurts my pocketbooks and i am very annoyed right now . in the meantime , i 've returned to some $ 10 non-earbud headphones and i really miss the noise-cancelling quality of these philips earbuds . life sucks and i want to die because now i can hear everything going on around me during the morning commute on public transportation .
i agree with the person who says there are no instructions and poor image quality . i wonder if they gave us a mini jack like games systems use if it would work better on tvs that have the 3 jacks on the front . games systems get good image quality so why is this so bad... no info on this from monster . looks like a very good product but i will return it unfortunately . i did discover though that i can use a stereo jack with r-l on one end and a mini jack on the ibook end to give me audio speakers on any tv or stereo for my itunes , and audio for a dvd that i am playing but i do n't need to spend this much money to get that . if the image were good i would keep it . i would rather show my slide shows from the computer . the image was very bad. .
i have had this phone for about three years . i bought it primarily to use it as a good quality speaker-phone ( with mute ) for long conference calls . it was quite expensive ( i paid $ 200 to get it ) but here are what i have found to be its shortcomings : no caller-id display . this just baffles me . i get caller-id on all other phones in the house except this one . i have tried every possible varient ( resetted settings , disconnected other phones , etc . ) but nothing works : i always get " no id message " on the lcd . the second major shortcoming is that called-parties often complain about the feedback on the speakerphone . one way to reduce that is by lowering the volume significantly , but that sort-of defeats the purpose of having a good speakerphone . another minor shortcoming is that the phone requires to be powered even though it is a corded-phone ( hence will not work in case of emergencies ) . finally , two connect two lines you have to use an ugly adapter . one good thing about the phone is that it looks quite good , has a professional appearance , and claims to have a duplex-speakerphone .
sound output is terrible , you ca n't hear it in a car or airplane ( with high quality , noise cancelling earphones ) . when i called customer service they told me it was not intended for use in a car or airplane . picture is very good , but i have heard better sound from much cheaper players . do n't waste your money
i just purchased yesterday the home dock deluxe for list price at a local retailer . i read all the reviews , ( most of them bad but i got it anyway ) the menu on tv part being my motivation . and so far , i am not feeling good about buying it.. .  1 . the sound quality is very poor . almost every song has some distortion and sounds " muffled " along with a good hiss . i thought i was listening to a 70 's era cassette it was so bad ! i have a high end sony/infinity system and the poor sound is very noticeable . in desperation ( and checking to make sure my amp was working fine ) i plugged in my apple dock from my 4th gen photo 60gb and the standard apple av cable . the sound problem disappeared , and was crystal clear . 2 . the menus to not work properly . my nano 5gb seems to work ok , but my 60gb 4th gen photo does not . the menus are rather slow , and the artist , or album , or song titles disappear at random . sometimes you can back up a level on the menu and you will see the data , but mostly it is just blank . the cursor will scroll down as though there is data there , but nothing shows on the screen . you can play the music from the blank screen , but it is pot luck as to what you will play as you can not see any titles . i like the idea , but very , very frustrating . 3 . there is no support at all from the dlo website . it just lets me download a pdf of the manual or to buy more accessories . i did not even bother contacting them due to all the problems . i am not impressed . 4 . there also all the other problems listed elsewhere , too light and build quality poor , annoying power led on front , no artwork on tv menu etc.. . 5 . so basically , it is way too expensive . not worth it . not even worth 10 % of the price charged . i should have listened to all the comments above , and not believed some of the " official " reviews on the web . so it is back in the box and ready for a trip back to the store . i guess my lesson is that i should trust the reviews
the mouse pad is a great idea with superb support for the wrist . unlike some customers , i did not detect any odors or problems with the materials use in the gel pad . however , the mouse pad did not work with my logitech optical mouse . great idea but poorly implemented .
wow , i ca n't believe how much i hate this bag . and it was expensive , compared to some of the stuff i passed up . i thought i could n't go wrong with targus...but i could and i did . first , the strap is horrible . it keeps getting twisted and i have marks on my shoulder from where it cuts in to it . 2nd , it 's really heavy . lastly , there 's all these compartments that do n't do anything and mostly get in the way . like the phone add-on . my phone does n't fit in there , and even if it did , would i carry my phone on my bag ?
this sd would not work in my nikon coolpix s6 camera ( but the fuji and sandisk product did
this card crashed my system with the blue screen of death after installation . please be really careful with this one
not so happy . ordered one of these and plugged by pda which did not charge . turns out that it only charges when the larger item is drawing current . so it will only charge the phone/pda etc if the laptop is drawing current . this is very annoying when the laptop is shut down with a full battery since it draws no current , thus the phone/pda do not charge
i hate this contraption and i stupidly let 30 days pass before i realized how much i hate it . now i start every morning with a " boy i hate this thing . " why ? well here are few reasons why : you can not read the numbers unless you are within 18 " and to get a backlight you must depress " any button " ---not a bad idea but horribly executed . the backlight lasts four seconds--way too fast in the night and " any button " is a lie because you ca n't press " stop " nor the " on " for radio or cd without starting a whole other process which you then , in the dark , have to figure out how to terminate . the cd player spends more time " reading " your cd than it does playing it . the " tuner/band " button is very sensitive and lord knows what you will wake up to , the screech of a not tuned in am station happens way too often . the worst of it all was i called eton to tell them how much i hated it , just thought they might want to know . i had a friendly conversation with a very nice receptionist who assured me they wanted me to be happy and would do something , but first she wanted me to talk to the engineer/designer . so i waited a week for him to return my call and he was quite rude saying if there is nothing wrong with it ( everything is wrong , but they do n't count that ) there is nothing they can do . he offered to trade mine for a different one just the same and i said " why bother . " it was a classic story of " i made it so it is by definition without errors--now leave me alone,just buy it and be thrilled with my brilliant design
i loved this speaker system when i got it last year . but in the last few months it developed a loud humming noise that makes it so you can not hear your music . very disapointed
1st the ipod is expensive . it should at least come with a protective cover . 2nd i rarely used it and only when im in the gym . quite to often when i go to turn the ipod on it goes into something called " disk mode " which freezes the unit up and cant be played . theres not hard reset button so i have to go without listening to music for the hour or so im in the gym then take it home plug it in the cpu to get it to unfreeze . im so pissed at this thing because im all exicted to finnaly listen to some music and get amped in the gym and the dang thing freezes . for the money i spent on this thing it shouldnt happe
i 'd really like to know how i listen to the radio at night and have it shut off in an hour and then have the alarm go off when i need it . i thought that 's what a radio was supposed to do
do not believe the positive reviews ! ! ! ! ! ! ! like most of the other reviews- this case scratched my ipod---bad ! ! ! too bad i did n't read all of these reviews before i purchased the case . i wonder if contour designs is going to blow me off when i contact them today ( 11-1-05 ) ........ .
does not work with my creative zen . can leave plugged in overnight and it does not charge at all
do not waste your money , this was under recommendations , but i would not recommend this with your creative zen . my daughter purchased this after saving up for an mp3 player , this just does not seem to give enough power , we plug it in and 12 hours later it is still charging . plug the mp3 into the computer usb and it is done in less than 2 hours . it may work fine for some other things but not the creative zen . it would cost more to return and they will only exchange it , so guess we are just eating the cost and s & h. i should have read the reviews before ; would have seen that you get what you pay for , do n't waste your money
what a waste of money . i wish someone had posted before the dec. 22 posting ( which was excellent ) pointing out that this device does n't work on an ipod " shuffle " . i spent more to ship this item than i did for the item itself , so i am also stuck with one . rats ! !
using the component input on your tv can make a huge difference in picture quality , but the differentce between the lower priced monster cables and the most expensive monster cables in not noticeable . save yourself $ 50 and buy the cheap ones
i bought this drive with the advice from my father who has bought several lacie 's for his company . he 's always had good luck with them . the first thing that i noticed when i opened the box was that there was a gap between the case and the faceplate . i called lacie customer service and they sent me instructions on how to open the case and also noted my serial number so that i would n't void my warranty . the problem was that there were 2 screws that hold the faceplate onto the internal chassis who were not even tighted ( as if they started the screws and did n't tighten them ) . by the way... the actual hd inside the case is a maxtor . if i had know that prior to purchase , i would not have bought the lacie . i fixed the problem with the case and turned it on.. only to be hit with a high pitched winning sound coming from the hd . this noise will drive me crazy and is not " ultra quiet " as noted in the description . i 'm sending it back to amazon for a refund
what a disappointment that what i thought was a reputable company makes such an unreliable product . after about a years time , my lacie drive started clicking . and then , no data . it completely failed . i too made the mistake of trusting this drive and did n't back it up . i am sick about what i 've lost . i 've emailed lacie about the failure and have not received a reply . beware of lacie external drives
i had one of these a couple years ago . it worked very well for a few months . then , all of a sudden , the left analog stick became non-responsive . it would n't work on any game i tried . after reading other reviews on the gamepad , i figured i just got one that was poorly made and that the analog stick problem i had was just one of those several ones that was bad . since it was only $ 20 , i just left it alone . well...after going months without a gamepad , i decided to get another logitech gamepad , the same one i had , and guess what . after literally one day , the right analog stick stuck and is completely unresponsive . so , as far as i 'm concerned...they 're all terrible controllers . period
i own a sony dsc-s40 . i had lost my sony memory stick so i thought i 'd try this one . i purchased it the end of june and almost every time i take a video and try to veiw it , it will play and at any point durring a video it will stop and say file error . this also causes a problem while i download them onto my pc . only once had it done this on a picture and i ended up having to delete the picture because it would n't download . sometimes it just do n't pay to save money . i will never purchase this kind of memory stick again .
antonline sent me the wrong item and then wanted nothing to do with me when i went to exchange it . they have no phone number , so they email everything . it takes them a day to get back to you and they always have an air about them as if you are bothering them for thier mistake . after days of persistance and me being as rude to them as they were to me , they agreed to take the product back , but i had to eat the first shipping charge , pay to ship it back to them and pay a 20 % restocking fee ( for thier error ! ! ) the item was only like $ 10 , so by the time i would have paid the shipping and restock fees , i would be in the whole , so i decided to just tell them to go f @ # k themselves . i feel better now .
from day one , back in late august 2006 , i 've had problems with this router--which i bought only because my isp would n't install an extra cable outlet in my apartment without written permission from my new landlord . since i work from home , this was n't an option at the time . i 'm not a tech guy , i do n't care much for gadgets , but i 'm not stupid either , and i could n't even get this thing set up without calling support due to lack of documentation and the assumption that everyone buying this router uses some version of windows--i do n't , i have an imac . once set up , the router worked fine for about a month , and then i started experiencing connectivity issues . i called support again and they figured out some issue with 'mac cloning ' or some such , reset my static ip , and all was well for another week , when the same issue--losing connection with the router after 10-20 minutes online--arose again . so i called support again , got a guy after 7 minutes , but he directed me to their website to download a firmware update , and then basically hung up on me . unacceptable . so i called back , sat on hold for 40 + minutes before being disconnected without ever speaking to anyone . finally , after a third try , i got someone on the line and he got me to the firmware and helped me install it via their web interface , only for me to experience the same connectivity problem the very next day . my isp is coming tuesday to install another outlet . no documentation . the install cd is configured for windows and would n't work in mac os x. online help sucks . the 800 support line sucks . this product sucks . do not buy it
i purchased this router ( not from amazon ) about 6 months ago when my 5-year-old , very reliable , router died . i purchased it locally and someone came out and installed it . i have had numerous problems with this router since then . it does not stay connected and there is actually no option for " always on . " after having some other problems , i took it back and the vendor upgraded the firmware . after that , it lost the setup information twice and the info had to be re-entered . then today , after being instructed to reset the router , it got stuck in a mode where it only wanted a firmware upgrade ( there was no apparent way out of this ) . so , i obtained the upgrade and according to the router message , it was updated successfully . after that , i could not get the router to work at all . i gave up and ordered an entirely different router ( the same brand that i has used before with tremendous success ) . my summary - save yourself time and aggravation and do n't buy the linksys wrt54g
ordered for my hp4705 . this is not a bluetooth keyboard . they sent two of them both the same non-bluetooth item . now i have to send back and hope i get credit
i 've had my hp5510 for 4 weeks . so far everything works to my expectations except--when i press the scan button an error comes up on the led : unable to scan documents from printer to pc . no scan options . you need to install or run hp software for feature . press ok to continue . " my system is 4 weeks old . i had a local reputable company put my system together . we uninstalled and installed hp software several times . went to hp website-could not find a patch . could n't repair error . my last resort is to call hp which i have n't yet .
this printer was fine until i changed cartridges and a contact was dirty . now it wo n't quit printing alignment pages all the time . i have about a million now , and its cost me a fortune in ink . every 3 or 4 print jobs and i get another one . i 've spent hours with technical support , who keep leading me through the same old song and dance , disconnect the usb cable , hit some buttons , print another page i do n't need , and scan . voila it works ! case finished . no it is not . the tech support people do n't speak english and it shows in their grammar and inability to understand that my problem seems to be a variant on what they have in their knowlege base . hp would do better to hire native english speakers . i 'll never buy another hp printer . oh , they print fine , that is , if you want a million alignment pages
ok . this is the 2nd ipod mini transmitter i have purchased that has broken within a month . all of a sudden it just stops working , for no apparent reason . do n't waste your money . it 's a piece of junk
i bought this so i could listen to my ipod in my car in the city . the first couple of times , it worked great , but after that , something happened . it just would n't work . all i heard was static , no matter what frequency i tried this on . i have yet to take a road trip with it , so maybe that will work better , but right now , i am not happy with the product . maybe the fact that i live in a city with radio stations on virtually every frequency has something to do with it , but it used to work on some frequencies , and now it just does n't anymore . i am very disappointed
this would be a great phone if it worked all the time . i had to return the phone within 1 day because the handset was defective . amazon was very helpful and prompt with a response . however the handset would periodically quit working and required that the batteries be removed and reinserted to make it operational . after 2 months the handset died completely . at&t will replace the handset under warranty , but it could take up to 3 weeks to get the replacement
i bought this to use in hotels . this thing sucks . i barely got it to work in my house . too slow to set up . based on the size of this thing , just bring a longer eithernet cord . i am really disapointed .
be aware , the belkin f8z063-blk tunebase fm for ipod nano is not compatible with the 2nd generation nano . i am returning mine to amazon , and buy a compatible one from the apple store
i have several friends that have had similar items in the last few years that have worked nicely . i 'm sure this is a great product . having said that... this product is not and i repeat is not compatable with the new ipod nanos . the new ipod nanos are slightly wider than the original and will not connect to this product . i really hope amazon puts up a warning soon and i will do my best to try to get that done . again this does not work with the 4gb and i assume the 8gb nano as well so do not buy it unless you have the older model nano .
i live in the atlanta area and was never able to get a good sound quality coming from the belkin fm transmitter . it seemed like i was listening to a fm station that was not coming in good
i had this in my computer for a month , with a satellite radio on the audio-in and speakers on the line out . it started crackling and the audio was distorted after a few weeks . i took the sb out and went back to the motherboard onboard audio and it worked fine . conclusion = sound blaster suck
i purchased the coby ca-739 wireless fm transmitter and was horrified by how each of its pre-programmed frequencies were major denver area radio stations or had high amounts of static . the transmitter was noisy and weak . i sent it back and took a restocking fee hit plus i had to pay for the return postage . i purchased the i-river which allows you to program your own frequencies . low noise . high quality . much better... .
i originally purchased the unit during the winter because of a sale , but i did n't install it until the beginning of july for our cross country trip from oregon to wash. dc . during the trip , there was quite a bit of interuption from hillsides and tall trees in the pacific northwest . i kind of wondered how well the reception would work in the city . once i got out of the nw , i had no problems picking up a signal unless i was in a long tunnel or deep valley . i did notice the unit did get hot during the trip and i think that is why it is acting the way it is now ( two months later ) . it works fine when first turned on , but after 15 minutes , the signal flutuates and at times , no signal is received . the tech support said that i needed to check the wires , but since it is 'recently ' installed and it does n't happen when first turned on , i 'm ruling it a receiver problem . the unit is placed just below the radio head and has been exposed to direct sunlight when parked . i 'm sure it did n't help . i 'm currently looking for a better unit and xm said they would transfer the remainder of the account to the new radio without inducing an activation charge .
i bought this card more then a year ago . overall i 'm not impressed , and would n't buy it again . first of all , in ~ 30 % of cases it crashes my tungsten e. secondly , the games are not that much fun . simcity is extremely limited and not enjoyable to play at all . honestly , i have more fun playing games i 've downloaded for free . final annoyance - the card is slimmer then a regular sd so it slides off easily from the slots of the hardcase making it easy to lose
i was hoping to buy a small handheld vacuum for my office and computer hardware ( keyboads , air inlets , and what have you ) . however , the datavac has so little power , even after a full charge , that it 's next to useless . i ca n't recommend it .
the charger is very convenient . power related to ad/dc is extremely useful . high-tech design and features . sucking and blowing power does not measure up to the price . it has an extremely disappointing performance . it feels like a child toy rather than a useful tool for a personal computer or laptop . will not recommend anyone to purchase this item due to the lack of performance
these headphones are terrible , the sound is not good,and they hiss . not worth the money . i have real cheap ones that sound alot better
broken after 3 uses . extremely flimsy . spend a few more buck and buy something more substantial .
i am not using this microphone , the cord from the back of my computer barely reaches . uncomfortable to lean so far forward
the matte photo paper that i received was really poor quality . no matter what setting my printer was set to , the ink ran together and created a really low quality photo . i do not recomend this item .
when it works , it works very well . but one day it suddenly died on me . i had a comcast technician come and test my modem and after using some complicated equipments to test it , he concluded that the modem is dead . after he gave me another modem , my network is up again . very bad reliability . motorola should be more responsible for their quality control !
this receiver does n't work in rural areas . it does n't work as well as a cheap battery powered fm radio
a $ 10 cable does the same thing . do not believe the hype . monster is overpriced and people are starting to realize it . its digital , 1s and 0s . either it reads it or it doesnt .
have you ever heard the saying that something would cost you " an arm and a leg " ? these cables cost that , your first son , and bidding rights to your estate . do n't get me wrong- monster makes great cables . let there be no confusion on this point . but they 're just incredibly expensive , and this is made much worse with these cables . several people have pointed out that the digital signal on hdmi cables must adhere to error-correction and certain standards ( even a $ 10 cable cable must meet some specifications to even reach production ) - and this is largely true . unless bluray implements new features that require new cables at some point in the future , there 's really very little difference between hdmi cables . yes , the gold-plated pins and other features will improve your connection a bit , but the improvement will be far less than you 'd see between any other " cheap " versus " designer " cables on the market . but monster cables really are made to a standard that makes some difference , and that 's worth mentioning . this cable is built sturdy , so that none but the most harsh of treatment could ever damage it . and the shielding is n't just the usual electrical shielding- monster cables are toughened to the point that i would n't doubt if they 're certified against nuclear fallout . if you have the money to blow and you want the confidence of knowing that your entertainment center could fare well in an emp strike , you 're looking at the right cables . but for nearly all consumers , these cables cost 4x as much as alternatives , with no real plusses . at the very least , you can pick up a mid-grade cable ( sony , etc ) at a mid-grade price ( $ 40 ) to get the increased sturdiness and the gold-plated connections . and over these products , the monster cables basically have nothing at all except their branding . please do look up a cheaper alternative this time , and spend some of the extra money on an extra set of whatever tools you use to keep your screen clean . you 'll get much better results with these tools than you will worrying about $ 100 hdmi cables
ok...it functions well as a clock radio . just fine . reliable . but that 's not too much to expect . yes , it will charge your ipod and it does have the nifty function of an alarm that gradually ( though not gradual enough ) gets louder . the adaptor for my nano fit fine ; and i did n't find the clock too bright ( it has 3 settings ) . but the sound is really terrible . it sounds like its coming from a transistor radio . as well , it advertises that you will be able to go to sleep and wake up with your ipod . but as we know , you do n't need a clock radio to do that--your ipod will do that on its own if you set it . i took this back after 5 days and hooked up some cheap computer speakers with a volume control . they really sound better--i swear .
may be i got a defective one . there is nothing inside to hold the ipaq . its just a 3 fold cover . ipaq comes with a much better case when you buy it new
i had several problems with the ipod , mostly because of its horrible software itunes . it messed up the firmware on the device several times , it would complain constantly that it is not up to date and then try to update it which resuted in several crashes . the most horrible thing however was that it would mess up your mp3 music collection in a way that can never be undone . i had orgaized my collection in the file system nicely by genre , author , album etc , and this thing messed up everything . i have another mp3 player - iriver - which i reccommend as a lot better than the ipod anyway - and i wanted to be able to copy things on it from my library . now i am not able to and have to go back and re-organize the mess manually ! . i do not recommend the ipod and i do not recommend using their software either .
i just purchased the hp dvd740e from costco , and burned the cdr disc came with drive . the lightscribe worked really well , it was the first experience , so i came here for reviews on dvdr , i was told that the verbatim is of top quality and the lightscribe picture is even better than the hp 's , so i purchased the verbatim 30pk , received today . i was so excited , that i immediately burn two discs with the best setting , but both come out fuzzy and presented the " out of focus " dull feel , look terrible with no detail compared to the hp bonus disc . is this a joke ? this is my first amazon review , ca n't help to vent my disappointment . thanks for the super fast shipping anyway .
i have purchased 10 of these drives , all at once . what a mistake . they are very flakey and will 'disappear ' while copying data to them by usb . you have to turn the drive off and back on for windows to find it again . i do not have this problem with any other usb drive only lacie drives . you can not use one as a backup for this very reason , copying large amounts of data will fail and you have to start over or copy in chunks . one drive failed after 8 months , only at the 10 month mark did i realize it was still under warranty . it had a 1 year warranty so 2 months left , i contacted lacie and after asking for a copy of the original invoice which clearly listed the purchase date they began ignoring my email and would not honor their warranty , no rma after requesting one 5 times , no more email responses since they could not come up with a reason to refuse service . do not buy one of these , there are many drives with longer warranties that are more reliable from better companies .
this drive suffers from repeated delayed write file errors . ultimately it means you will lose all the data on it . it is extremely noisy to the point of damaging your hearing . lacie support is poor . avoid
as of right now , i am an apple student developer  most of my work comes from filmmaking , as i 'm an independent filmmaker , and all of my post production work relies heavily upon my apple g5 tower , as well as a ton of external harddrive storage  while some of my lacie hd 's have worked great , many of them have simply failed me  here are the pro 's -  1. great interface - both firewire 400 and 800 , and they are easy to daisychain  2. they are fast - 7200 rpm , and usually , if the drive is good , the performance will show  cons -  1. very weak body ---- forget if you drop this thing even one inch - it 'll be dead  2. very tough to hookup to other drives -- when i say this , i mean it is impossible to stack this drive , or try and put it in a space where it 'll stay put  the biggest problem ---  i do n't know what accounts for this - whether its the bridge or the drive itself - but lacie 's drives fail way too much  i 've probably purchased around 14 lacie drives in the past 4 years , for varioius film projects and associate ones ----- of the 14 , i have had 5 completely fail on me  this is simply unacceptable for any drive company  when you consider it all , companies like maxtor offer drives with the same interface , same speeds , but at a lower price  with that said , take a look at maxtor , whose drives are housed in a very indestructive body ( ... ) on a sidenote , lacie has honored the warranties on their drives , and when they 're open , their customer service is very helpful --- but i 've lost too much data , at this point , to recommend the
i had a previous good experience with a jabra headset . this one was recommended for my panasonic cordless phone by jabra . however , the sound quality is terrible . it lacks any kind of high frequency response , and so sounds very boomy and full of bass , making it almost impossible to use . it also needs a foam cover , since any kind of slight wind movement makes it extremely noisy . i contacted jabra about this product , but received no response . maybe it would work better with a different phone , but definitely not with my panasonic
i was using it as a backup device and it failed after about 12 months . so i am ripping it apart and putting in a new ultraata disk in . just hope the box is not frying the disk . i noticed in another review they had a western digital . i had a segate baracuda 7200.8 . doubt that it makes any difference . i am sure it is just low bidder
consumer beware ! ! ! ! this product does not work as advertised . if you put more than 1000 songs onto this device , on-the-go playlists cease to function . this is very , very sad for a player with 8gb of memory . it 's supposed to hold over 2000 songs , but stops working correctly after 1000 songs are loaded ? wow . unbelievable . this is a well-documented bug on the apple discussion forums , yet apple has neither acknowledged nor fixed this bug yet . will they ever ? who cares ? why should they , if consumers like you keep buying it and raving about it ? i bought my 8gb nano , but returned it two days later when i found out the problem was known , but not fixed and not fixable . apple should not be shipping products with known bugs in them ! do n't they test these things ? ! ? ! ? ! by the way , the same problem also occurs on the 4gb nano if you manage to squeeze more than 1000 songs onto it , which is n't all that hard to do.. . if you do n't care about having more than 1000 songs , or you do n't care about on-the-go playlists actually working as advertised , what are you doing shopping for an 8gb player ? better stick with your 2gb models. .
do not buy this item , it is very liable to break within the first week of purchase . and i bought 2 of them , so statistically it 's not jsut me . the first time the door broke , and without the door there 's no way to hold the ethernet cable to the connection . the second time , the usb part broke off and got stuck in my computer and i could not put it back together . all in all , not the best product out there . try instead the belkin usb to ethernet adaptor
do n't buy this product . there , simple advice i wish someone had given me before i bought two of these . with the first one the battery died 13 months after purchase . since it was 30 days outside the warrantly , apple support told me " sorry , tough luck . " i made the mistake of buying another one figuring i just got a bad one and there was no way i could have the same problem again . wrong ! second ipod just died ( same battery problem ) - this one died within the warranty period but becuase it took me two weeks to get into the ipod store to see what was wrong and , of course , by the time i got in i was past the 12 month warranty period ( who keeps track of the purchase date ? i sure did n't ) . other than the fact that your substnatial investment will be worthless in about a year - it is a fantastic product . i 'm just sorry that it did n't last ( twice ! ) cause otherwise i 'd be a fan
please search for the thread on the linksys support forum titled " befsr41 v4 intermittent drop of connection " which goes on for 4 pages with no reply from linksys support , i 'd post a url but that is against the review guidelines here at amazon . the only way to fix the problems that occur with this router is to buy a different model or better yet a different brand . it appears that linksys does n't really care about the issue . i returned this router after the second day of dealing with it 's constant connection drops and bought a belkin instead .
i like the phone 's simplicity and ergonomics . it 's fatal flaw is the lack of range . my office is about 50ft away from the base , and i get unacceptable interference . both plain old at&t & ge 900 handle this distance without any problems
i 've been 'trying ' to use this phone for the past 8 months . worked fine in the beginning , now i ca n't even answer my calls . i hit the talk button , but the phone continues to ring . spend a little more money but buy a better phone . this phone is a total waste of money
no tricks , just treats and delivered on time as promised .
i do n't know if i just got a bad pair of radios , but they did n't work at all . if we were beyond shouting distance the radios did not receive any signal at all . even at very close range there was too much static to understand anything . i 'll post a review of the sx700s after we get a chance to try them out
from cellphone and also the pager era i began my love affair with motorola . do n't need to read much farther into my review to get to the meat of it . sometimes companies make a lousy product even though they have others that are great ! do n't buy these ! they fall into the former category  i needed them quickly ( to give my in-laws time to practice using them before we went on a cruise ) so when i went to their house for the weekend i bought them from the hated " best buy " . i am returning all 4 ! ( 2 sets of 2 handsets ) . here was my experience :  i went in and saw the midland and the cobra along side the motorola . not knowing much of midland , but recognizing cobra from their history with low-end phones and electronics , i opted with the very stylish motorola t6500r 's . i know . big mistake ! i am a computer programmer and very intelligent , but when confronted with products i do not undestand , i go for the brand name . which is something that can be forgiven if , as now , you find out what the problem is and correct it . i took them home and recharged them . first things first : the feel in your hand . excellent . they feel as good as they look . i purchased these to go on a cruise to the mexican riviera and to maintain contact both on the boat and in the ports : puerto vallarta , mazatlan and cabo san lucas . we wanted to make sure we did not " lose " my in-laws ( really ! i mean it ! no , really .... )  anyway . charged them up and turned them on . they come with a plastic-encased group of 3 aa rechargable batteries that fit nicely ( and only one way--they are keyed ) in the dual-purpose battery compartment . this is nice : if you are out and running around and your charge goes down , simply buy 3 aa alkaline batteries and go on your way . there is no problem if you forget you have the normal non-rechargable aa batteries in the case if you put it in the charging stand . unlike other units , the physical metal conductors to charge the battery pack are actually built into the pack , not the handset . if you put it batteries , the charger makes no connection to the handset . if you put in the rechargable battery pack , 2 silver contacts from the battery pack contact the charging stand and voila the unit charges . fitting the handset into the recharger is a nightmare , though ! it must be generic and able to fit several different motorola products ( production outsourced to giant int'l ltd--so if you thought this was a genuine motorola built item , you are mistaken . the entire talkabout line are outsourced for production ) as the dual-compartment charger has 2 inserts in each compartment and no indication of which one to use for the t6500r 's . i am a smart person though so i chose the one that looked like it best fit and inserted it . then i attempted to insert the t6500r 's . i say attempted because the bottom of the handset is rounded and thus does not seat well in any direction . after you get it to exactly the right position ( look on the charger to watch for the led to light up ) the the hard part ( of charging , that is ) is over . next item : bad red lcd backed screen . hard to read in any light and impossible in the sunlight . settings were easy enough . channel , sub-channel , vibrate , noaa broadcasts , etc . however , the advertised qt ( ensures no one can talk through your handset unless they are using a compatible motorola handset ) does not work unless you hit the ptt ( push to talk ) button ( or the call button ) , wait about 3 seconds and begin speaking . my in-laws are new to technology and are used to experiencing walkie-talkies when their kids were young . therefore this is unusual . they automatically want to push the button and talk . so , the first part of what they say is immediately lost . i say " first part " . i am assuming i actually caught a portion of what they said . this brings me to the second major flaw . this unit contains a horrible speaker . if the volume is too low then you ca n't hear it . too high and it is garbled beyond your ability to understand it . we were really hard-pressed to find a happy medium . and , in a noisy room , it would 've been impossible to hear anything . some merchants list these as 5 mile radios . the packaging says 10 . the 1 watt gmrs suggests about 5-10 . we got less than 1 . directly over a lake . in vehicles on the i-5 , we drove less than 2 miles from their house ( which is directly on the interstate ) and got no signal . i got back to my house in san jose ( on top of communications hill...the largest " hill " in the area ) and could not communicate to my spouse less than 1/2 mile away while he was coming up our road ! since the weekend , i have spent all my extra time on amazon.com and consumer reports reviewing all the offerings . ( the latter , consumer reports ' reviews are from july in 2002 ! ) so , i think i am going to return these and purchase the midland 5 watt gxt500 's from amazon . remember , doubling the wattage ( in this case more than doubling ) does not give double the signal . as another others have stated , increasing wattage increases only another portion of the distance--ie : 2 watts to 4 watts does not double the distance the signal can reach . )  hope this reveiw helps you
i purchased a biopod in march of 2006 . received brand new unit that included omnipass software version 2.09 . this software version released in 2004 . contacted company that produced the software and they refused to upgrade to their latest version ( v4 ) that had been released a month earlier unless they charged me the upgrade fee . the version of software that comes with the biopod ( v2.09 ) pretty much only works with internet explorer and other microsoft software . the new version ( 4 ) supposedly works with firefox and several other non-microsoft software programs . i recommend you avoid this product due to old software . i returned mine and am ordering the ibm fingerprint reader
i bought 1 40 pack of these disks so that i could create a set of windows 95 setup disks . they worked to install windows once and then they all started dying . i went to run windows setup and got halfway through and got a " can not read from device " error . after that i ran scandisk on all of them and only 1 disk didnt have bad sectors . a few of the disks had bad sectors in the system area rendering them unformattable . i advise anybody who reads this to steer clear of these cute little disks unless you want to use them as christmas ornaments
be creative ! ! mostly what you 're paying for is the embroidered 'magellan ' name . i like the crown royal idea of pouch or you can sew or obtain a fleece and make a square with pockets and tuck everything in there , works fine . since the reviews are bad , i will not get this just to hide my gps away in an eye-catching steal-me monogrammed bag .
i bought a second traveldrive because the first one purchased worked just fine . the second drive does not work on my system ( windows millenium ) . calling the service line i found out that there are two versions and the second is not compatible with the first . after trying all the recommended solutions , the tech support suggested i request a warranty replacement/trade for the original version or simply get my money back . requests for a resolution of the matter have fallen on deaf ears . i would not waste any more money on products from this company
we purchased this printer to replace old brother hl-1440 for our small business printing needs . at first everything was great . after 4 months of use , still on first toner cartridge , the manual feed can no longer grab labels or envelopes . there is now a huge gap and the envelopes can slide all the way inside with no resistance . huge problem for us and i hope we can return this piece of junk
when realtime traffic monitoring came to my city , i immediately started looking at solutions to help my wife 's daily business driving ( 2-500 miles weekly , crisscrossing a 50-mile area through major traffic routes ) . i quickly settled on an automotive gps with realtime traffic monitoring . there are not yet many choices in this area , so the options boiled down to this unit and the garmin 2720 . ( these use fm radio for the traffic info ; the xm-radio units like the tomtom 700 and garmin 2730 had unacceptably high monthly costs since i do n't want xm radio . )  i chose the cobra for its large screen and positive reviews in areas that were important to me . its flawed routing ability was not a major issue as it was to be used in a well-known region . address lookup and traffic monitoring were the primary needs . in short , i do n't know much about how the cobra performs because i was only able to use it for a few short test trips . this is because the mounting hardware is one of the most deficient pieces of engineering i have ever encountered in higher-end electronics gear :  - the only mounting option is via suction cup , which in tests would adhere reliably only to nearly flat glass . a stick-on disc for attaching the suction cup is also provided , but i did not attempt to use it and would not trust it to be able to hold this heavy ( 1.25 pound ) unit over the long run . if your vehicle does not have a flat section of windshield in a convenient location , you will have very few options for mounting this unit . - california law prohibits attaching things to the windshield , meaning that california users either need to risk a minor ticket or find an acceptable alternate mounting point . ( good luck to you : i was unable to find one in three different vehicles ! ) compounding the problem is that the mount has a very limited positioning range and easily runs out of adjustment room for most potential mounting alternatives . - cobra does not offer any other mounts or mounting accessories at all - no beanbag or friction mount , no clamp , no fixed-base mount , nothing . if there is any aftermarket option ( ram mount , etc . ) i was unable to find it . you are stuck with cobra 's proprietary mount unless you are willing to modify the unit or its mounting pieces and fabricate an adapter for a garmin or ram mount base . i was * almost * willing to go the extra mile to make this unit work in my vehicle , even though the best solution would have been very awkward to dismount and remount , making it a potential theft target . the final straw was when i found that the traffic receiver was faulty and i was unable to get a reply from the manufacturer in a timely manner ( two days now and counting... ) enough 's enough ; something was telling me that this unit was n't the right choice . so this unit is being returned and i 've already ordered a garmin 2720 with gtm11 traffic receiver in replacement . the prices for the units through amazon are nearly the same ( especially when factoring in the costs for 15 months of traffic monitoring - the cobra comes with three months and gets $ 60 per year after that , while the garmin comes with 15 months and has the same annual cost after that - so you have to add $ 60 to the cobra to get a truly equivalent price ) . garmin also has excellent mounts with a range of attachment options , some of the best map and routing tools , and a long track record with gps units . it does have a smaller screen and some complaints about the user interface , but at least i can mount it properly and be able to tuck it away and remount it easily to prevent theft . this unit gets two stars only because my brief experience with its function appears to live up to all the positive reviews - but overall , it 's like a high-performance sports car with no wheels ! i 100 % recommend against it for california users and suggest that others try to lay hands on a sample unit to see if it can be properly mounted in your vehicle before laying out $ 750
worked fine for a couple of weeks and then just died . the problem was that it was not recognized by xp or linux anymore .
this flash drive does not work with windows 98se . the back of the package clearly states you can download drivers for windows 98se at the maufacturer 's web site . first i tried downloading the driver . turns out the driver is a .zip file so i had to download winzip so i could unzip the driver . after downloading the driver and winzip the flash drive is still not recognized by my pc . the faq at the manufacturer 's web site states if the device is not recognized the bios on my pc must be enabled . but the faq does n't tell you how to enable the bios
it does n't matter what dvd + writer i used , velocity worked ! not one disk became a coaster . i loved the velocity dvd-r until i order 2 more spindles . i ordered it directly for the manufacture . when i received it , the outside plastic covering was cracked , half the disks had the jitters and the other half was coasters . it seems to me that they trick you into ordering one with a great offer including free shipping . if you order any more , the person shipping it to you send you the rejects from quality assurance . i will never again order this product again period !
well , so far so bad.. . i burned the dvds on my panasonic dvd recorder . they play in my newer dvd players , but i can not make a copy of them with sonic dvd , nero , or one click dvd . unacceptable ! i have used many types of dvds , never had this happen . i guess i know why some dvds i have purchased are playable , but not copiable.. it is the media ! i will stick with maxell,or tdk
worked for 6 hours , then just stopped transmitting . what a waste of cash . do not buy this
i had a terrible time getting a station to come in even close to fm quality . there was always a bunch of static and the stereo buzzed between songs because i had to keep the volume too high . the high band of frequencies seemed to work best , but then it led to crackling speakers everytime i turned something electrical on in the car . it also seemed to kill batteries at a surprising rate . on a positive note , i loved the fact that it would also function for my son 's dvd but in the end , it had way too much static so i hunted for anothe
this is a total waste of money and engineering . plenty of free frequencies in my area and it would barely connect to anything . sound quality horrible even when the device is right next to the antenna on a portable fm player . wrapping it back up and sending it back
the transmission quality is very poor . i was unable to find a single frequency free of static . while operating the belkin tunecast ii in my car i found that driving over or under bridges , under traffic lights , under power lines , or near large trucks increases the static to a level where the music can not be heard at all . the only way i could get audio clarity equal to that of a dirty and scratched record or a distant am station was to hold the transmitter to the face of my radio . what a piece of poo ! can i give it zero stars ? and do n't even get me started on the excessive packaging that you 'll need to use a diamond tipped jack-hammer to open
if you have a palm , read this before buying this device :  & # 60 ; & # 60 ; & # 60 ; although our sd gps card should work with palm os without a driver as its nmea-0183 compliant , currently we are not aware of any 3rd-party software that supports our sd gps card . based on this i regrettably have to say that at this moment it does not work with palm os device . we are currently in the process of developing a palm os driver that will allow the device to be used independent of 3rd-party software support . when this becomes available it will be posted on our website.& # 62 ; & # 62 ; & # 62 ;  i bought this for my father for christmas . it cost a lot of money . we all got really excited about it . it does n't work . :
i have had two of these units . i would definitely not recommend anyone buying the ml-300 . save yourself some money and get something else . both of the units lasted only 14 months . i did hardly any typing with them . only multi-page forms and applications . the printwheel motor failed on both of them and so did the electronic board for the keys . took in in to a repair center and was told it was not worth repairing . contacted brother international usa and was told that the warranty was only good for 12 months . save yourself some money and buy a big chief table and a number 2 pencil .
after reading some good and bad reviews i went ahead and bought them anyway . they will not stay in my ears , i tried the three different sized ear buds but non will do the job , very irritating . so , i do not recommend them at all , too bad because if they stay in when you sit really still the sound quality is really good . aloh
bought these and used them once . had to remove them when i found myself in dire need of some excedrin migraine . what do you get for your $ 39 ? cheap , tinny , bass-less sound that 's like being plugged into a busted walkman . the buds themselves do n't remain stable in the ear , so forget about using them while engaging in motion-involved activity ( such as jogging , walking , head-bobbing , neck movement , etc ) . these are by far the worst earbuds on the market . how could apple stoop so low ? do n't be fooled ! do a google search for these and you 'll find that the vast majority out there considers this a horrible product . you 've been warned . i used to use koss earbuds , which were pretty good . i sold these ipod duds in favor of the xtrememac in-ear headphones , which are the best ones available and worth the extra money
i 've had this camera replaced by linksys 4 times . the first time , was due to the camera crashing on a weekly basis . the second replacement worked fine until i upgraded my router and switched from wep to wpa . after the switch the camera would not connect to the router , switching back to wep , of course worked . linksys has replaced the camera 3 times for this issue , and with the last support call confirmed that there is a known problem with wpa encryption and this camera
i have extensive experience with wireless system setup and operation . my whole system is all linksys gear . after four hours on this camera , i give up . when you update the firmware , it erases everything you programmed into the camera so beware . i could get the camera to work in wifi mode . picture is decent , not great . the motion sensing function triggers quite well . the frustration comes from an inability to get the email function to work . kept getting an error message with the system parameters setup so it should have worked . the faq section on linksys website is almost non-existent . i did not bother to call because in my past experience that is of minimal help and very frustrating . features sound great but could not get it to work right . i will find another unit .
this is my first amazon review of any type . i was quite happy to finally get a wireless keyboard and mouse . when this was pulled from the box the finish was splotchy . it looks like someone painted the keys in a garage . i expected better . now i have used it for a couple of weeks in an office environment , and already one of the plastic keyboard legs has broken . i am not hard on the equipment and do n't know how it happened . once in a while i press keys and nothing happens . i can live with that . on the other hand , the mouse works as expected . before you purchase one , check the process for returning it ! i would rather put up with the crappy keyboard.... . i will continue to purchase many books from amazon but my computer hardware will come from dell .
this router had 1/4th the range of my standard linksys g-router which suddenly burned out after less then a year . the speed ( when i could get a signal ) was 1 to 11 mbps , my old router held a steady 54mbps . i did need a range expander for my old one to cover my whole house , but i could n't use it with this router . the expander only works with the basic g-router , so no way to even boost the signal on this new one . support was a joke , could n't get any help or explaination as to why the " expanded range " was so much less range the the previous " unexpanded range " bought another older version , and everything 's great again . do n't waste your money or time on this
despite the slick marketing effort ( i.e . " with srx " ) , this product falls short . the installation disk is useless . customer support was good , when i could get through - which was not very often . i constantly lost the wireless connection . i constantly had to re-boot . despite significant effort ( utilizing the online help features ) i could never obtain a secure , encrypted connection . no more linksys for me !
i am a huge logitech fan and buy their products in the truck load , unfortunately , this webcam is a dog with fleas . the picture is blurry , the lighting is abmismal in low light and you can just get better performance from a less expensive web cam . i am still a logitech fan , but you can get better performance from quickzoom
i ordered this web cam because i wanted one of the better web cams on the market . i was not able to get it working . i returned it . very dissapointed
paid $ 34 at best buy for a cable that does n't even work . have always been skeptical of monster cable price points , do n't buy them , took a chance . as a matter of principle , this product sucks . ( for $ 34 , i 'm waiving the " bad apple in every bunch... " rebuttal
do n't waste your money . what iriver does n't tell their customers is that once the battery goes dead , the system is useless . i will never buy one of their products again and i 'm doing my best to inform everyone out there that they 'll be tossing their money in the trash by purchasing any iriver products . my system cost me $ [ ... ] and it is now as useless as the customer service department at irive
these earphones provide excellent sound for the money . rich bass , sharp treble and tight sound isolation with the comfortable and adjustable rubber earpieces . however i experienced painful electric shocks in both ears if i put pressure on my eardrums , such as getting up from a chair . and that was before i stood in the puddle of water . just kididng . shocks occured in first and sony-provided replacement pair . they eventually replaced with an on-the-ear model . i have no problems with other sony headphones or earphones , i think the speaker membrane was positioned too close to my eardrums . since there are on other comments about this issue , i 'll assume its isolated , but beware of shocks on perhaps a smaller scale .
this does not fit the ipaq hx2755 . do not try ! there are plenty of other cases out there that will work . i ended up with a 94 cent digital camera case from wal-mart that works better than this thing .
this product is terrible and i 'm going to return mine or throw it away . it constantly wanders to places i do n't want it to be or trails where i think it should be based on my usage of other mice . at this point i consider it unusable . i 've tried it on several surfaces to see if it was a tracking problem , but noticed no real change in behavior . i think what 's happening is it keeps trying to go to sleep while i 'm moving it , because the tracking is ok as long as i 'm moving it very quickly , but when i 'm trying to precision target something like an icon or a piece of text it starts jumping erratically . i keep it about 6 inches from my laptop at all times , and the laptop is n't complaining about connection problems
this is a nice 4 line phone , but the digital answering system does not work . we have 2 984 's and several other brand 4-line phones . i could not find any way to make either 984 work as a four line answering system . auto-attendent is useless in our situation . these phones are certainly not worth the money . unfortunately there are n't many 4-line phones on the market and apparently no 4-line digital answering systems
the first speaker came broken , i first called the manufacture but they wanted me to ship it at my cost for repair , that was not acceptable . i then called amazon and you took the item back promptly . when i tried to have replacement shipped i was informed the price had increased and i would have to pay the difference , since this is the speaker my wife wanted i was forced to pay the increased price . i am not happy with this tansaction .
i ca n't get good reception at any range from source . intermittent when two rooms away from source . have to move the speaker unit around to find an acceptable location . does n't automatically retune when being turned back on . not at all what i expected from this piece of equipment .
i assumed all tape adapters were comparable . this one worked fine for 1 week . then it sporadically ejected itself from the tap deck . a few days later it broke completely and is now jammed in my tape deck . the tape deck on my car stereo is now broken as is the macally podtape . i would buy another a different brand of adapter , but i no longer have a tape deck that works in my car . my worst purchase on amazon to date .
have this optical cable for about a year before it was broken . according to the package , it has lifetime warranty . sent back to the company and got a rejected mail saying , " company out of business , return to sender " . the company address on the label is :  recoton accessories , inc . 2950 lake emma road lake mary , fl 32746 . made in chin
i tried to use it in my dell x50 and it hardly worked , was too slow , too short range , you have to unplug and plug it bacl again and again . i other words , do not buy this if you have a dell x50 , you will just waste your money and time trying to make it work
i purchased this armband to hold my nano during workouts . the band barely fits my arm and tends to slide down the arm while running or cross training . looking for a replacement right now
i purchased the 2 yrs warranty for my samsung lcd tv but i never received any information on it .
the plug on the external antenna does bot fit the jack on the magellan unit - avoid this until magellan figures this out . seems like they would use a standard plug/jack pair for all products
got this antenna from my wife for my birthday ; to go with my roadmate 760 i just purchased. . the antenna we received was the at-65 antenna . instead of the large round antenna in the picture it was a small rectangular antenna ( 1 inch x 1 1/2 inch ) with no indication that it was an actual magellan antenna , on the unit itself . the package had a magellan cardboard insert but this was definitely not the antenna pictured
unfortunately , i too received a switched item ( at-65 ) in a sealed magellan box today . jennifer in customer service assured me that they will refund the purchase and that they will investigate the stock they have . she was very apologetic and helpful . i will see what happens but am thankful that she was there to help
using this product to communicate between motorcycles as promoted by the very fact that there are motorcycle headsets for your helmut available for these radios is clearly unsafe . the distractions created by the radios having no range after about 100 feet can prove fatal for a motorcycle ryder due to a momentary lapse in concentration , just as it would be between a bike and a car . i purchased these radios as the better of the midland lot - with an 18 mile range . an outright lie . i bought them to communicate between two motorcycles- either myself and my brother ( after also purchasing 2 of the motorcycle helmut headstets ) , or between me on the bike and my girlfriend driving my jeep following me on a long distance ride . we do n't even get 100 feet out of them when the radios begin to breakup and are usless . the range increases as long as you are not moving . i have n't tested them while one user is moving on the road or on the highway and one user sitting stationary . i intend to contact midland about a full refund , but if they do n't work when you are moving then what good are they ? . how could they fabricate these claims of 18 miles ? even if they could n't do 18 miles , how about a half mile ? how about 1/4 mile or 1/8 mile ? not even that . this is a discrace . i 'm just another customer handed a bogus deal . do not buy any gmrs stuff from midland
subwoofer should not be called that : it 's tiny , and distorts if the slightest bass is put through it . not good for music , not good for gaming . steer clear
this radio is poorly built . when you set it down the little door in back opens and the batteries fall out . you put them back in , carefully set it down , then when you pick it back up the little battery door falls open and the batteries fall out again...now , i put rubber bands around the whole radio to keep the battery door in place....stay away from this particular model unless you have lots of rubber bands...good luck and thanks for the opportunity to write the review.. . bruce payn
i will not be sending this item to my frail 85-year old mother in law to help her survive in hurricane alley on the west coast of florida . it is virtually impossible to open the battery case cover to assemble the rechargeable battery connection for this radio . most folks would buy this and store it until needed and so would not know in advance that they can not access the battery compartment . this is unacceptable design failure for something the red cross is touting as a household essential . when the company was contacted for assistance , they suggested inserting a butter knife in the hinge and forcing the cover open ! ! folks have already reported being injured in trying to force the cover open . i will be returning this one as soon as i can
i had to return two faulty dvd players . one would freeze frame the picture and the audio would keep on playing . the replacement dvd player kept saying " wrong disc " and was very very loud when it would actually play a disc . i ended up having to search and find a different dvd player all together because they would n't replace the 2nd faulty product . ( which was packaged inappropriately and possibly damaged in shipment )
the cigarette lighter adapter ( with speaker ) is really bad quality , the original one worn out within 1 year , i purchased a new adapter and worn out within 6 month . garmin need to do better
short cord can not be replaced , so do n't bother with this phone unless you can sit right by it to chat .
this seller computer brain is charging $ 20.18 to ship these ink cartridges...i knew the price was too good to be true.. . beware
i ordered the passport x50 from amazon to save the $ 18 shipping escort radar was charging . i was told by someone at escort radar that amazon was an authorized reseller . after having my detector on for ten minutes ( right out of the box ) , it did three " self cal " s , then said " service required " . i called escort radar and was told " if you let the car power up the unit when you start the car , the voltage can be all over the place and the unit gets confused . you must first start the car , and then use the thumbwheel to turn on the detector . " it makes some sense , but if this is really the case , why do n't they put those instructions in their manual ? after trying this many times , the unit was " still confused " , so i returned it for a replacement . my second detector worked for maybe thirty minutes before the same thing happened . this time escort radar told me " if you leave it plugged into the cigarette lighter over night , this has been found to cause problems . " well my lighter power goes off when i turn off the ignition , so this does n't apply . escort radar also told me that " excessive heat " has been causing them problems . now we have had a few days of 100    heat , and i 'm sure the car gets hotter parked in the sun , but the design engineers should have accounted for these conditions plus some margin when you design something that is supposed to work in a car . it gets a lot hotter in other parts of the country . there are no warnings in the manual about not using it above 90    or leaving it off in a hot car . you would n't design a ski that does n't work below 35    , would you ? ? ? the most troubling part of my conversation with escort radar service department was they told me amazon is not an authorized reseller , and they have no idea where they are getting the units from . furthermore , they will not honor any warranty nor will they ever repair the unit , not even for money .
i 've got an engineering degree in computer science . i 've been supporting multi-million dollar web applications for years . it took me 4 hours to get this device to sync properly with the rhapsody music subscription service that it is promoted for . there is no way a normal person is going to be able to get it to function in any capacity except as a straight mp3 player . it 's not ipod caliber quality , the only reason you 'd get it is for the rhapsody service . if you are not highly technical and patient , move on ! player itself works fine
i ordered this unit with high expectations , lots of memory , expandable , multiple modes , from a well known company and an excellent price ; how could i go wrong ? . easily enough , as it turns out . i was unable to load it and control the play lists . trying to use it in mtp mode always crashed the host ( bsod ) so i reverted to msd ( mass storage device ) mode using drag and drop . dragging a folder to the device was pointless . most of the time the files did n't even show up , and when they did they were scattered all over the place . i copied 82 files from the lord of the rings set into a single folder , only 52 could be found even during play back , but they could be seen from " my computer " on the host system . after fooling around with it for a couple of hours i gave up and called sandisk technical support certain they would be able to help me sort it out . i have to admit that i was pleased with their support even though in the end they were unable to resolve any of the problems other than by suggesting that the only way to use drag and drop was to dump everything into the music folder where it would play in whatever order the device wanted ; a totally useless method . this was totally unsatisfactory since there was no control over the play list and no way to even find all of the files that would fit into 8 + gb . imagine listening to the first movement of swan lake followed immediately by something from 9 inch nails , then maybe a bach cantata ! . using media player to sync did no better . creating a playlist ( m3u ) of 82 files and then syncing did exactly the same as drag and drop . a hopeless mess , no play order , missing files and so on . after spending 3 hours with sandisk tech support we were both more than ready to quit . the tech had no more idea that i did about how to solve the problems that plagued the player and we both gave it up as a bad job . this is little machine has plenty going for it in the specification , but it 's hopelessly flawed in the implementation , and this is without complaining about the stiff control wheel or the overly small buttons . throughly frustrated , it was in the mail being returned less than 8 hours after i received it . i just can not recommend this player , it needs a through overhaul of the interface and firmware ; and fixing the control wheel and buttons would be a plus as well . as it stands , it 's without merit as a player .
i had high expectations for this product , having bought some of sandisk 's other products . the problem with the e280 is that sandisk does n't give users the control or the versatility over file management . for example , using it in the ( mass storage ) msc usb mode , one is forced to create playlists in windows media player . this works , but one of the drawbacks is that playlist creations can be plagued with files that have errors or are skipped . it would be far better if one could just drag folders and music mp3 files to the right folder and play them , with multiple folder levels . this would allow catogorizing music the way the user wishes ; instead , sandisk adopts an almost microsoft mentality in its approach . " it 's our way or the highway . " once one masters creating playlists , they have to settle for dumping them all into one directory . it 's too bad because reading the manual and reading the reviews , one can easily get the idea that the e200 series can be set up like just another usb storage device ( including other , previous sandisk products ) . well , you can , but it wo n't make much difference if the device wo n't play .
do not buy this item . it is terrible . the itrip has awful reception . it isnt worth the money . wait for something better
believe the opinions of most of the people who have made the mistake - like me - of buying this thing : it is pure junk ! it has to be one of the worst hoaxes ever put over on consumers . it does not work , and you can forget getting any real help or service out of griffin technology
it 's better if you spend your money in something else . it has a ridiculous transmitting power . so bad that even radio transmitters from miles away interferes with this device 1 ft from the radio receiver . the audio quality is so bad that totally destroys the pleasure of listening to your music . in fact this device should be forbidden to be sold or should be tagged as phony advertise
this is about the worse thing i 've ever bought for an ipod accessory . it does not work . all i heard was static , and very little music . if you do want to hear music , you literally have to hold your ipod right next to the radio and stay perfectly still or all you 'll get is static . i bought this online and received it and was so excited to use it . i was hesitant to buy it , seeing almost every review has said it does n't work but i bought it anyway , do n't buy it ! every review i 've seen has negative feedback for this item , and i agree with everyone . i figured since griffin made a new itrip , it would be better and work great . however , it is the total opposite from that . i do not recommend this product at all . do n't waste your time or money
never received the item . have to go thru the process of filing a claim with ups for lost/not delivered item . no way to complain to amazon.com .
i purchased this item after carefully reading all the other reviews . i , like others , cound not get it to work with wireless security turned on . i even tired using the " tricks " described in another review . to be fair , the product worked fine without wireless security , but i see little point in helping my neighbors tap my internet connection . i am very disappointed in the product
i wo n't recommend to any body . you have the same way of charging thru your computer . i think is waste
put the card in my w2000 pc , followed instructions . got to the part about loading the driver , the book says to go to the \ drivers \ win2000 driver on the cd included in the box- guess what , it 's not on the disk included in the box . since i use a connection that needs this stupid card to work , now i have to find another pc and down load the driver
hard to figure out and organize music... battery life not what is promised and needs to be changed often... do n't recommend it . very " not happy
a year later and i wish i had the money for an ipod . i have been having the audiojack issue for a long time and do n't even take my player with me anywhere anymore . what 's the point of having an mp3 player you ca n't walk around with ? ridiculous
we bought three creative players . my husband and i have the zen micro and my daughter the zen 20gb . all three of ours just froze up and stopped working with one year . i did n't even use mine but maybe two hours per week . good thing my daughter 's was within her one year period by a couple of days . she still had to pay $ 25.00 now my husband and i have to just junk ours and buy something else . customer service is awful ! ! they wo n't talk to you unless you show your receipt at least three times . what a piece of garbage ! !
do n't waste your money . what iriver does n't tell their customers is that once the battery goes dead , the system is useless . i will never buy one of their products again and i 'm doing my best to inform everyone out there that they 'll be tossing their money in the trash by purchasing any iriver products . my system cost me $ [ ... ] and it is now as useless as the customer service department at irive
i have a 5gb but a lot of the h10 's are having the same problem . i can play all of the songs that i owned myself but everything through the subscription service has run out and ca n't be reinstalled . i 've done a little research about the disappearing mp3 player and it appears to be a problem that is affecting a lot of the h10 's and 1 other model i ca n't remember right now and iriver ca n't figure it out ; although i 've been told they are trying desperately to find the bug....so buy with caution... .
i 've had this mp3 player since it came out and , if anyone is still considering getting it , i must advise otherwise . the mp3 player itself looks and feels great , and the navigational features are very easy to use . the problem is that the player itself is extremely unreliable . i have used 3 versions of this player ( expecting each time that the player was simply faulty ) , and all of them glitch up terribly . i constantly have to take my battery out to reset the player as it will freeze during normal play . it also freezes half of the time that i try to sync with wmp . in addition , sometimes it simply refuses to take deleted songs off of my h10 's list of tracks ( even though they no longer exist on the player ) . finally , iriver has terrible customer service and they do not even back their own products ! as a owner of two irivers ( h10 and the 120 ) , i have seen for a while how they function : they will offer updates for their faulty firmware for about a month , and then they leave that product to produce a new one . it seems like they have a new mp3 player being introduced every few months . their customer service is extremely hard to get a hold of , and if you do , they will simply say you need to send it to the factory ( occasionally you will get a rep that will actually send you a brand new one for free , though ) . be smart , stick to a creative , the new toshiba gigabeat s , or ( clench your fists ) an ipod
does not live up to expectations . sound is tinny . hard to find stations , very narrow band of reception...plan to purchase a grundig
i ordered this mount for a sharp 20 inch lcd and it 's not that great . it was very easy to install , however , the arm when fully outstretched does not sit level . thus when the tv is pulled away from the wall , the set is not level and very annoying to look at . i do n't believe this is a fault in the actual part , but the design of the arm . this was relatively inexpensive for a wall mount - and you get what you pay for
i 'd recommend selecting a different security cable product , especially if you have a powerbook or macbook . this one is poorly made , even more poorly documented , and may have permanently damaged my powerbook g4 . ( yes , the product web site claims this model is compatible with the pb g4 . )  it 's unclear from the cryptic instruction diagram on the back of the packaging which direction is locked and which is unlocked . ( hey , would it be so bad to actually use * words * to explain things ? even in 4 or 5 languages if you like . the diagrams make no sense . )  in the process of trying to get this to work , it appears that the locking teeth chewed up the security slot of my powerbook . it may have permanently damaged the slot . needless to say , i will attempt to return the product for a refund . there are plenty of similar products on the market , including others avaiable through amazon . i 'd suggest trying one of those .
total garbage . no only this thing is huge , bigger than most mp3 players and it does n't have a belt clip or anything , it sounds awful , absolutely horrible . the hiss others complained about is very loud , it also picks up all sorts of interference resulting in beeping , buzzing and all kinds of high pitched noises . besides the hiss and the interference the sound is horrible , low dynamics and distorts easily . this is a bad product that should be taken off the market . it 's not even worth the price here . heck , even $ 1.99 would be a waste of money . avoid
it is a great idea , with a few qualifiers . i have found that the forward and reverse buttons do n't function for my video ipod or for my niece 's nano ( maybe it would for a non-apple mp3 player ? ) . i have to pair the device to the ipod every time i turn it on . the bluetooth transponder will drain the ipod 's battery even though it has it 's own battery . sound quality is decent .
it was great at first until the connector to ipod break by itself . the bluetooth signal was n't the best , it loses signal constantly . i had to re-sync and paired it up several times over a month period . the high price imuffs mb210 from wi-gear gives a better promise with the ability to stop your ipod music and take a cellphone call with noise canceling microphone . its bluetooth adapter fits cleaning on ipods with dock connectors , likely will not break as easily . i sure hope logiteh will follow suit in this trend
the sound crackles if the cord bends a bit at the connector . all around poor quality and construction . i 'm thinking about returning it. .
it 's logitech...it should have a built in microphone . instead there 's a small head set . do n't buy this . spend a little more for a built in microphone
i have had this tv for less than 90 days and bulb has burned out , i called samsung support and the bulb is covered by warranty . they said they would send my phone number to service center and they would contact me in no more than 72 hours . 72 hours later still no call , i again called samsung and they said they would contact the service center again and i would be called in 24 hours , still no call . this was repeated 5 times and each time i asked to be referred to another center but was told none existed in my area . fianlly after 6 calls , samsung referred me to another center . i then called them and they sent up an appointment 3 days later . day of appointment technician called and told me from the problem i described when i made the appointment i needed a new bulb ( duh ) and he had ordered one this morning and would call to make another appointment once they received the bulb . i specifically asked if they had the bulb in stock when i made the appointment . why they did n't order the bulb when they first set up the appointment , i do n't know . i called samsung again and was told bulbs are usually shipped within a week of the order . neither the words usually or week improved my impression of their support . my fear is that when the technician comes out to change the bulb he will find another part he has to order and i am back on the samsung support merry-go-round again . now i realize that even though the set does ( did ) have a good picture etc , if you ca n't see it , it does n't matter . i now have a very expensive paperweight . for me samsung support has been a black hole and i have yet to see any results after two weeks and no hope in sight for the near future . what happens after the warranty is over and i have to pay for a new bulb every three months ? if this sounds like i am not very happy with the situation that is the truth . i am tired of samsung and the service centers being sorry for the problems and delays but then telling me there is nothing they can do at this point . i agree , you solve the problem by doing the right thing the first time or the second time or third time etc i am hoping maybe the eighth time is the charm with my samsung experience .
this is the third palm pda i have owned . i bought the e2 directly from palm after my previous palm died . it simply quit shortly after the warranty expired . telephone support is poor and expensive . after research this is a common problem . my employer pays for pda 's for executives and since i approve of all of these products , i will hereafter not allow any purchase of any palm product based on falty products , poor customer support and extremely poor customer support .
i am somewhat computer savvy - i understand the the ip address assigned in installation needs to match what my own router assigned for an ip address . they do n't match and i ca n't figure out how to change it . i called netgear 4 days ago for help and they said their " senior tech " would have to call me back . still waiting for that call . back to staples it goes . the installation appeared successful , but whenever i try to print , it says " error - printer is busy " the so-called instruction manual for this is laughable . if you 're not an advance level it person , do n't try it
i bought this print server back in december 2005 . i used it with my all-in-one brother printer mfc-4800 . the installation was easy . it worked great......for 4 months . then...then... it just stoped working after 4 months . i tried to disconnect and reconnect the power , ethernet cable etc...nothing helped . may be i just got a bad product
i had the same problems as already stated . i am currently having the volume issue as well , and yes my batteries are weak ( the light is on ) . the first unit i bought lasted two weaks and then there was no sound at all . i called sharper image and they agreed to send a replacement . i waited two weeks and nothing . i called again and they had no record of my previous phone call . they did send a replacement and told me it would be sent overnight if " deemed appropriate by management . " it was not shipped overnight . bottom line - this product is awful . do not buy - i regret it ! it is worth it to spend more money on a different product . this only has a 90 day warranty and it does n't last quite that long .
i waited 10 days for this to arrive . the first time i plugged it in it ran for 2 minutes . i typed dear and the machine typed wcm " when i tried to erase wcm " the erase mechanism did not work . i turned the machine off and when i switched it back on the carriage went to the far left and will not move , ie i can not type or use the machine in any way . when the machine came two of the keys were knocked loose and i had to stick them back on . now when i look at the machine i can see it is assymetrical...there is a 1/4 gap in the base , so it must have been dropped or damaged somewhere . this is not acceptable but i have no way to contact whoever mstasad is . i have a huge project to do over the labor day weekend but i do n't have a typewriter that works . i feel cheated and am very upset. .
i got 0 ~ 1 bars on my wifi detector and hoped that this would help . but it did n't get any better . you 'll have to get some decent signal beforehand in order to get this antenna to make things better for you , i suppose .
i bought these batteries on what was writen on their packaging . it was not true to what was said . these batteries died after only 25 minutes in my digital camera . and a set of duracell ultras , that are not rechargeable , lasted longer . do not always believe what you read . make sure you have the ability to return items . and is with this case , they went back . i went with a set of energizers . and they last much longer , with the power being the smae as these 1800mah monster brand
i purchased the zen nano four months ago . it was working then total system failure . at first i thought the battery was dead , but a new battery did n't help . the screen would flash on and then off . it will not boot up . plugging it into the computer did no good , it could not be reconized or accessed . it goes in the trash . in addition when it was working the shuffle mode would only play some of the songs stored . also , the output volumn was to low . i would use it while riding my bike and it needs to be loud enough to hear it over the road noise , it was n't up to the task . now it is landfill
i had to buy a new one , and i chose another brand ( logitech ) this time . there is no on/off button , so the batteries run out if you do n't take them out ( i think the buttons are pressed during transportation ) . now the battery contacts are not functioning properly . and i had the same problem described in a recent review : " i 'll click three or four times and nothing happens . then , i 'll click and the slides go in fast forward until the end . it 's quite embarrassing to be giving a professional presentation and have this happen . "
do not buy . this may be the worst product i 've ever bought . it has never worked properly . i 've kept fresh batteries in it , but it 's still no good . within 10 feet of the laptop , i 'll click three or four times and nothing happens . then , i 'll click and the slides go in fast forward until the end . it 's quite embarrassing to be giving a professional presentation and have this happen . awful product . believe the bad reviews . it 's worse than they describe . the only positive thing i can say about the product is that it doubles nicely as a cat toy . my cat loves the laser pointer
do not buy this mouse ! this mouse has given me nothing but frustration . 1 . the front of the mouse where the buttons are located is extremely low , causing a muscle strain in your hand if you use it for long periods of time . 2 . battery life is horrible . like 2 weeks.. .  3 . when your mouse is idle for 8 minutes , it goes into an automatic sleep mode . the manual says to touch the metal lines on the side to " revive " it but when i do it simply freeze the cursor on the screen . so i have to reboot my computer . absolutely the worst ! !
i bought one of these . it worked ok about three months and then just quit . i do not recommend for anyone else
i tried it with 3 differnt usb sticks and i could sometiems successfully record a 3 minute songs , but most of the time it failed . i tried to record with an ipod - no success and also with 2 different external usb harddrives . i 'm very glad that amazon took this unit back . i would not recommend this unit .
got it home and it had poor focus . the center was ok but the sides were definitely out of focus . the next morning the focus problem was gone . go figure . the big problem for me was the time it took to change channels . a full 3 seconds . went back to the store and found this is a common problem with tube tvs . well i took it back and went to walmart and got a sanyo ht27546 for $ 270 . good set with quick channel change . it also has an optical digital outputwhich the toshiba did not . the sanyo also has a full one year warrenty . sound on both tvs is fine . a small point . the toshiba can not be set up to go to closed caption when you hit mute
i posted a review two weeks ago , but it has n't appeared , so i 'm trying again...i bought this lock two years ago . it has always been difficult to remove . ( note : despite what some other reviewers seem to think , it does not have a motion detector - that 's a different lock . ) recently , the lock decided to remain firmly inside my ibook , despite my efforts to remove it . after a fruitless call to targus 's customer support , i finally got it out . that took over 30 minutes of struggle . my next step was going to be purchasing a hack saw . apparently , the targus lock is not a good fit for ibooks . i 'm going to send mine back and demand compensation . if you own an ibook , i strongly suggest you buy a lock made by someone other than targus
mine did n't work out of the box . just my experience . i am taking this thing back to the store tomorrow . i returned another crappy webcam today to buy this , so you can imagine how irritated i am with the lame quality of these things
as far as using the ipod as a recorder i think an actual digital recorder would get better sound . the italk picks up all ambient sound . i have even used it with an external mic and still not wowed with the clarity
it 's partly my fault , of course . i bought this to use on my motorcycle . i thought the small size , especially the flat body , would fit nicely into the top of a tank bag . i also bought a special handlebar mount for it . unfortunately , i 've had nothing but trouble with it . it 's slow to acquire satellites and to recalculate routes . whether you 're driving a car or a motorcycle , it 's not up to the task of keeping pace with changes in your route . maybe it was intended for pedestrians only . the user interface for the gps is not intuitive ( at least , not for me ) , worse still , it freezes often when trying to download maps and when deleting stored routes . the garmin helpline in the uk could only tell me to reset the machine each time . not very helpful . my guess is that the combination of palm pc and gps was too much for garmin to handle . they should probably just stick to gps .
i use it for my zen microphoto and it does not work at all . it has the lowest battery life , used it for twenty mintues and it started to get worse and worse . there is no possible way of getting rid of the static unless you are the mp3 player below the transmitter , which is obviously dangerous while driving . you can only tune it to four stations which are 88.1 , 88.3 , 88.5 and 88.7 which is absolutely pointless approach to an fm transmitter . i seriously regret every buying this transmitter
it 'll do in a pinch....but i hope there are better options . at times the sound is clear , however , most of the time the static is either 1 ) just annoying or 2 ) the static is so loud and piercing that you have to turn it off . i hope there are units that broadcast a stronger signal , or have another way to connect , in order to provide a constant tolerable sound quality . i would recommend spending some more money to get a reliable device .
i 've spent over two hours tweaking this , and over an hour on the phone with customer support . the thing still wont connect to the internet . do n't get me wrong , the lights light up and my laptop can connect to the router , but the router wont connect to the internet . belkin tech support told me to send it back . i will and i think i will try the dlink pre n .
thinks my street is 50 feet before it actually is , therefore recalculates before the turn . if i go a different route , it continually tries to get me to make a " u " turn . instead of shortest or fastest route , it may pick one that is very roundabout ( you should see how it wants me to drive home from work ) . maps need to be updated more often . street atlas or streets and maps do a better job of being updated...i 'd use them except i do n't want to tie up a pc just to drive across town . it might work well for cross country , for me , it 's an expensive toy that i have yet to develop trust in .
this thing works well until a bulb blows out . when i replace the bulb , it will not turn off after 4 minutes and i end up having to replace it
i knew i had to pay shipping for this cards ( $ 5 ) so i decided to buy 4 at once , what was my surprise that at checkout they wanted to charge me five dollars shipping for each card eventhough they were going to be ship together i decided not to buy them anymore . they lie telling you that you are saving a huge 1 % but at the end you pay almost 20 dollars for each card that is more or less 35 % more than anywhere else . its a shame that they try to rip you off that way . buy them at the apple store on line , no shipping fee ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! you pay only face value not a cent mor
why does a 15.00 gift card cost 24.00 ? i was going to get one but first someone explain this to me ? is the card itself made out of gold ? whaz up wit dat
i loved my little seagate 5.0gb drive , even after the first one crashed and burned . but the second time , i can not forgive . i carried it everywhere in my pocket , and maybe that was part of the problem , but if it ca n't handle that then it is no good to me . solid state memory , here i come
i dislike ipods so i figure i try something else and hope for the best..unfortunately i was wrong itunes and ipods are definitely much better. . basically this device is a cheap piece of crap and it seems like sandisk 's approach is wysiwyg..disappointing  pros : - long battery life - email tech support is quick and good but website support sucks bad  cons : - it 's easy to setup but instruction manual is useless - buttons are rigid and miniature and difficult to press with a skin on - wheel is very stiff and offers very little functionality - software is buggy and terrible - freezes occasionally - navigating through menus stutters and lags - boot time is 10 seconds - video mode has no options - needs serious firmware updates - time is listed only in settings menu = useless - tons of issues with playlists getting erased or not working properly - every firmware update erases all your settings , including radio presets and the list of issues goes on and on.. .  anyone who has reviewed this product positively obviously didnt do a thorough job because these issues exist and its definitely irritating i am extremely disappointed and will never buy a sandisk player ever again  my suggestion is to try it out thorougly before buying..so you dont make the same mistake i did and trust other people 's lopsided reviews. .
the mouse worked well with my chipset , but beaware that earlier bluetooth chipsets do not have the power to work with this mouse , although the dongle that is bundled with this is excellent . the mouse was very difficult to use and unresponsive at times , requiring multiple clicks to choose items . it was sluggish across the screen and very insensitive , even after maxing out all the mouse settings in either direction . looking through the forums at anycom informed me that many people had a similar problem and rma 's were being issued . considering that these problems arose earlier last year , i was upset that i was sold a defective product . i just send my mouse back to newport , california for a replacement . the features are solid , the size is acceptable but prone to cramping at first . for a travel mouse it is exceptional , being rechargeable via usb . usuage with the usb cable attatched is ok but somewhat awkward as the cable comes from the " head " of the mouse , not the " tail . " would i buy again ? only if i did n't find another product that was rechargeable , bluetooth and optical .
i bought this phone for a work-at-home situation . i then discovered that the maximum number of characters i could enter into a speed dial entry ( the number itself , not the name ) is 24 characters . a telephone calling card number is 25 characters long , 26 if you program a pause ( a space , for this phone ) between the phone number and the card id/pin . when i called polycom about it , i was told that not everyone uses calling cards . funny . i 've been issued a calling card at every company for which i 've worked ( going back 25 years ) . this is the only phone i 've ever owned ( well , since the 80 's ) into which i could not program my calling cards . pretty basic stuff for product marketing and development people to miss . on top of that , when i try and enter the calling card number and card id by hand , it never " takes " on the first try : the network does n't recognize the card id and pin the first time i enter them . i have to do it twice ( i 've tried this a number of times , and it 's consistent ) . for that matter , the sound quality , especially through the headset ( also purchased from polycom ) is not that good . of course , that could be because the headset jack is " loose . " you can easily move the jack from side to side , which makes the sound quality even worse . i regret having made this purchase . i 'm going to scrap it and look for a new one from a different manufacturer . the only reason i gave it one star is because the site interface here wo n't let me give it no stars
this thing sucks . i wasted my money . no more griffin products for me
the transmitter does n't work . i tried everything i could think of to try and make it work but it doesnt
this item said that it is compatible with all ipods but it is not . it is only compatible with the " old " ipods . evidently there is a difference in some of the more recent ipods and this itrip does n't work with them . we had to return the product
i just got these at a local store and they just really blow ! ! ! i was swayed by the brand name and the great price ( although higher than amazon ) . it 's true when they say you get what you pay for... rock-bottom price = rock-bottom performance . terrible to say the least . mine are going back right now .
mine worked great for the first few months , then i started getting the " warning , check battery " . if you take the batteries out and reinsert , it works for a few hours but then the same warning message comes up . it happened on both headsets . i called customer service and they told me this is the first time they 've ever heard that ( uh huh - does n't sound like it from the reviews here ) . a little too expensive to replace yearly. .
i 've had this mouse for about a month...use it with my mac g4 at home...and i 'm exhausted . it feels very nice in the hand and i really like the scrolling ball feature ( hence the 2 stars ) , but it 's just not predictable . sometimes it glides along smoothly , most other times it tracks across the monitor like you 're mousing over pebbles . i 've tried a number of different surfaces : desktop ( light woodgrain ) ; smooth , medium gray fabric mouse pad ; mouse pad made specifically for optical mice ( better than the other two ) and i have even tried picking the thing up and shaking it to knock it into submission--to no avail . it still lags and i have a hard time honing in on an object to select it ( or to check a box or pick up a puzzle piece in a jigsaw puzzle... )  i use photoshop and other mousing intensive apps all day at work and at home and i need a mouse that is precise ( for silhouetting , etc. ) . this just is n't it . you should n't have to think about mousing when you 're doing it , it should just happen--immediately and smoothly , corded or cordless . and a " newer " technology should work better that a gummed up " old " tracking ball mouse ! maybe it does n't like my older mac . maybe it 's the bluetooth adapter . whatever it is , it 's not working.. . i 'll be trying the logitech mx1000 next . it has a recharging base and is laser ( instead of optical ) . i 'm hoping the higher price will translate into better performance
for my powerbook - my first bluetooth mouse ( a macally bt ) worked for about nine months and then a bad battery caused major leakage all over my desk . so for the replacement i read the reviews and went with the kensington bluetooth mini - primarily for the on/off functionality . i like the size and shape , the on/off switch and the scroll works just keen . however , tracking is a nightmare - especially when cpu usage is high ( applications like photoshop , acrobat or using a vpn to access my work files ) . i tried troubleshooting , adjusting the track rate , but nope . the cursor continues to stutter across the screen with this mouse . i think i 'm going to throw in the towel and go back to wired
one of the reasons i chose this mouse , was because apple recommended it as one that would offer true smooth scrolling . it turns out that this mouse has the same click scroll as many others . it jerks one line at a time ... the clicking is quite loud i might add . also , i have to set the tracking speed very low because the cursor jerks all over the screen if i do n't . sometimes just clicking on system preferences corrects the problem , but if i had it to do over , i 'd buy something else
i bought this in april for my new canon 30d and it worked great until several months ago . when i would go back to scroll through the recently taken pictures on my camera it would start saying " data corrupted " . it started out slowly then it would lose every third picture . i tried to reformat the card and got an error message . now my camera does not recognize it nor does the camera software on my computer . it was a wonderful card while it lasted but i too am hesitate to get another one . hopefully mine was a lemon too.....but then again
this seemed like a great card at a great price . unfortunately after 4 months , during the middle of a paid shoot , all of the images instantly dissappeared . i stopped using the card , put it aside until i got home . i tried to use software to recover the images . only a few could be recovered , the rest were gone . i 've not been able to re-format the card in either a canon eos 5d , digital rebel , or using software on my computer . the card is now completely un-usable . all of my older cards continue to work just fine . hopefully this is just a lemon , although i need to replace it , and am obviously apprehensive about purchasing another one from sandisk
i purchased 3 of these aps with the expectation to replace 3 cisco " b " aps and drop in . the setup used radius for authentication which is claimed to be supported in both the online info and docs . after config ( the web ui constantly has problems with cookies and forced you to re-login ) the system would work . one quark was the ip address field for the radius server would n't accept more than one character in the forms . up and running . however , upon reboot , the wg302 loses it radius info and then can not authenticate a client again . showstopper . after logging this with netgear support - their response is this is an unsupported config and requires premium support . while this would be fine if it was a config issue , it 's not ok given they claim support for these features and this was a required feature for purchase . they give no further support now . i would highly recommend against the extra cost of this unit given it 's buggy and has poor support . config is difficult ( i had to learn how to use the command line config ) , the upgrades are not well documented ( they imply you have to import some obscure file with tftp - you do n't but... ) , however the unit does have good range and works ( no radius of course ) in a basic config .
first - a disclaimer : i know very little about telephone headsets , but decided to buy one because i had a series of long telephone meetings coming up . i walked to my local staples store , expecting to find a variety of prices and products - and thinking that i 'd pay perhaps $ 30 to $ 50 at the low end of the market . at the store , i found that only the computer-based headsets were that cheap - and the only model that worked on a real , old-fashioned land line was the plantronics s11 on display ( it was priced at $ 130 canadian ) . since work was paying for it , i did n't mind spending the extra money , but expected that , at that price , the quality and ease of use would be quite high . when i brough it back to the office and installed it , i found that :  - the regular handset and the headset can not be plugged in at the same time . that means that every time i want to use the headset , i need to fumble around at the back of the unit to switch wires . - the volume of both ingoing and outgoing conversation is very low - even when i turn up the volume controls to max . the people i spoke with complained enough that i switched back to my regular handset . - the microphone , although it 's somewhat adjustable , is short and inflexible enough that i ca n't get it very close enough to my mouth . when i try to move it closer , the earpiece turns and slips off my ear . - the headset itself - that is , the plastic , adjustable arch and rubber pad opposite the speaker - is very awkward and prone to slipping off my head . it might have been better to design it like a regular two-sided earphone unit - so that it would be more balanced and stay secure . i do n't know whether these comments apply only to the s11 or to most headsets for traditional phones in general . overall , however , if i 'd been buying the s11 with my own money , i would likely have returned it and just gone back to using the regular phone handset
since i first wrote this review i discovered that the fault was not with the scanner but with my computer . after formatting my computer i was able to install the scanner and software without any problems . i am still learning to use it but so far i have decided not to return it . it works well and i like it very much . i apologize if my review has negatively effected anyone 's choice
i have approximately 10,000 slides to scan . i purchased the 4850 and after about 3,000 slides began to get three to four dark blue lines across the image . after reporting it to hp they sent me a replacement tma . the new tma worked fine for the first 450 slides and then bingo , i now am getting two dark blue lines again . i think the machine is not engineered to handle the work load i have .
my daughter really did n't use it that much but within about 5 weeks it started to fall apart . the wood veneer on the base pulled up and splintered from tightening the strings to tune it . a low price for a guitar but i do n't think it 's even worth this price .
these phones had so much static , you could not hear ! ! ! we ended up having to return the phones and find something that we could actually use !
i bought this because it seemed like it would satisfy my need for a 2-line phone with answering capability . turns out , i can not keep it , due to one boneheaded design flaw that makes it unusable for me . the good : it 's nice looking , compact , has good sound , and has a selection of cute little ringtones . the bad : this machine will not record incoming messages silently . it broadcasts both the ogm and the icm being left by the caller through the speaker . there is no way i know of to defeat this . you can turn the volume down from loud to medium loud , but you can not set the machine to record messages silently , in the background . do you think you might ever not want other people in the room to hear the messages being left on your recorder ? would you ever want to sleep without being disturbed by the sound of incoming messages ? then this one is n't for you . mine is for sale .
my very first cell phone was motorola , and it served me great , so i became attached to the brand based on that experience ,and for that reason alone bought motorola sd4591 digital corded/cordless system . as we 've put the wireless network in house the cordless phone started playing tricks . the battery life got very short very soon too . i was told i need to get different batteries nih instead of nicd . naturally the microwave was playing the tricks on cordless too . as we have two lines in house and was told by several people to move to 5.8hz 2 line phone i decided to get motorola md7091 5.8ghz digital 2-line phone and remained loyal to motorola . and boy was i wrong again . what others are saying about caller id not showing as soon as i have another phone on the same line besides motorola md 7091 is true in my case too . i do n't get it does motorola expect us to switch phones to their system now around the house if we want to used one of their phones ? ? ? this is really cheap trick  naturally , i could blame all this on poor quality of nicd batteries , wireless network , microwaves and phone company , and other brands ' phones connected to my line . but what is the common thread through the entire ordeal : motorola . i will give other brands a try now , not yet sure which ones
now , imagine my astonishment . after receiving this beautifully designed futuristic looking set from my favorite communication device manufacturers , i set it up only to realize that the cordless phone only works when there is a direct line of site to the base ! unbelievable ! ! i live in a compact apartment ok , and believe me when i say it is n't 20 feet between the base and my bed room , and last night after setting up , i retreated to my room took up the cordless handset to make a call only to realize that there was no connection to the base . this phone in a nutshell , looks good , but it sucks ! !
i had high hopes for this case when i bought it , but it just has n't worked out . the leather has a nice feel , and my ipaq fit snugly in it 's slot . however the stylus on my ipaq h2215 was impossible to get to without partially removing the ipaq from it 's case . this became so frustrating that i eventually discontinued using this case . it does have three slots for credit cards , and a larger slot that you could tuck a few folded dollar bills or business cards in . maybe a different model of ipaq would work better , but it has n't been a good fit for me
i agree with the previous review . this phone cord worked twice . now , it only retracts about half way , and keeps getting worse . i 'm returning it for a refund . do n't waste your time with this
i am on my second one and i will be returning this one also . both of them worked once and then would not retract fully after that . i was so mad i almost threw it against the wall . i thought the first one was a defect , but then when i got the second one i realized it was a design flaw.. . if you buy the targus one keep your receipt because i guarantee you will be returning it . what i do n't get is how targus has the guts to release this product and also put on it : satisfaction guaranteed . what a joke. .
ipods are the leading sellers of portable players and everybody knows that but guess what ipod does not support the leading and best quality video format divx and avi hmm thats kinda retarded no ? if any of you out there use file sharing programs such as limewire or any torrent programs if u download any of those videos the best ones and the majority are divx and avi too bad for you unless ur willing to sit around for an hour or two and convert your video to mpeg4 . also the video you convert may have a few complications , the audio and video may not be sychronized...at all and for those of you who have already purchased this piece of garbage im sorry and i have great sympathy for you so if ud like a program that will convert ur video for free and results in pretty good quality go to download.com and search for jodix video converter . this is not from speculations i have experienced this all myself with my own purchase of the video ipod and was a decision i regreted . suggestion check out the creative zen vision m sure it may be thicker but the price is amazing for its features and conveniences of transfering files into it
i bought with lots of ilussion this this ipod , i put all my music in it and use it ! ! after a 5 months it stop working , it did n't charge the battery . i took it to best buy where i bought it and they told me that it has " external damage " and didn ' repair it . i send it to apple service and return it without services because the same reason . my ipod did n't have that damage , it has only a few scratches on the screen . after lots of calls and fight they told me that to fix it i would have to pay us $ 250.00 that is almost what it cost new . terrible service from apple.. short live.. do n't recommended . now i 'm looking for another option for mp3 player to buy . if you know one please let me know it .
like other fm transmitters i have tried , this one leaves much to be desired . living in a major urban area , i was unable to find any fm channel that did not produce significant static and generally poor sound quality . product is easy to use , but i consider the sound quality unacceptable .
the phone worked for a month or two , and then the handset stopped seeing the base . when i followed the instructions in the manual to fix this ( re-register the handset to the base ) , neither could see each other . the base still gets the land-line signal and works with speakerphone , but that is useless to me since i need the handset . when i contacted uniden through their email support , i got no response . i will be buying another phone that is not a uniden
i 'm pissed . i feel i 've been ripped off . the 3rd party vendor delivered a defective unit . i want to return it . i have been unable to determine how to return this unit for a refund . i may never buy through amazon again
this product did not reliabley work in a new sony psp running the current sony software . do n't know if the design is flawed or the unit i received was defective
got it and plugged it into my ipod and there was a major incompatibility . the screen showed up that their was a voice recorder in the ipod but when i went to record i received an error message that the ipod could not locate a microphone . perhaps an ipod problem ? the ipod is a 4th generation 40 gig that is fully updated . i think belkin needs to engineer the recorders to work with all the new ipods , with the exception of the minis . have not been able to resolve the issue . i am sure ipod will state that it is a belkin problem and that belkin will throw the ball back to ipod ? ? ? ?
i just received my pair today , and i have to say , i 'm extremely dissapointed . yes , they are comfortable , but the bass is almost absent , no matter how far you jam them into your ears , the bass is n't nearly what it were hyped to be , it definently is n't enough for the amount of mid & hi 's they produce . unless you like your bass to a minimum and treble to a max , i 'd recommend another pair of earphones . if you 're just looking for comfort and you do n't like hardly any bass , these are your headphones . but , as others said , you can find much better earphones for a much lower price
the first thing i did when opening this item was check to make sure it actually was an apple product . its really cheap looking . looks like something you 'd find for [ ... ] at a flea market or in the " stocking stuffers " section of the dollar store at christmas time . the nano is small so almost anything will hold it , including a rubber band and an envelope which is about as good as this unit . this looks more like the freebie armband that should come free with the unit . certainly not a [ ... ] accessory . it just cheapens the apple image . if oem apple products are your thing , then go ahead and try this . but if you 're looking for something as sweet as your nano that stays put while you workout , look for something else . i 'm returning mine this weekend to spend my money elsewhere .
3 more of the useless flimsy holders you get in the ipod box !
i had a very poor experience with the microsoft media center infrared keyboard and i wanted to replace it with a bluetooth solution that would - i thought - get rid of all connection problems . i was wrong . the hardware is very nice but the software keeps on dropping connections . as usual , i was very careful : i always read manuals and properly install the software before using any product - i do n't want to fail the installation for a very simple reason : the package does n't come cheap.. . i am a software developer - i have half a dozen computers at home - and i did everything as instructed . i found the software to be very average in terms of usability ( why do they try to do all these fancy effects ? ? ) , but that 's not very important when it works fine . unfortunately , after just a couple of days , the keyboard stopped working . i finally managed to get it back by removing the batteries and rebooting the computer ( both step were required - the on/off switch did n't work - same thing for the connect button which is totally ineffective ) . now , the mouse keeps on dropping connections . after a couple of hours of inactivity , the mouse simply stops responding . this is simply unacceptable . logitech knows that this product does n't work and keeps on charging customers for something that is simply not usable because it was n't tested properly . it is a very frustrating experience because the hardware is great . do n't buy this product , you could be very disappointed . note that i have seen another installation done by professional windows system administrators that had the exact same problems . now do n't get me wrong : the hardware is very nice . i would highly recommend the logitech vx revolution cordless laser mouse for notebooks which is great and had none of the issues i have mentioned there
this hardware is well-made and i have heard very good things about the non-bluetooth version of the mouse . when it 's connected and working , it does its job very well . unfortuntately the mx5000 set suffers from some very poorly made software that makes it very difficult to use effectively . at seemingly random intervals , the mouse will start lagging or stop altogether . if this happens during gameplay , you 're in a bad way . the keyboard also suffers from a truly annoying bug . when it comes off of its sleep state , it will double the first key you press . i have also had the keyboard just reset out of the blue . add in that the setpoint software for the lcd screen only fully works with two pieces of software ( musicmatch and windows messenger ) , and you have a very disappointing desktop package . the mx1000 is a great mouse on its own , but stay away from this bluetooth combo . it is unstable and very frustrating to use
the unit works fine as a bluetooth radio . the software and drivers ! ! ! ! do not install properly at all ! ! ! i am a network administrator & pretty savvy about pcs - i could not come up with any scenario to get the software to work ! ! ! save your money and just buy the unit - forget the software
does not work at all dont throw away your money should read 0 star
i had vonage since april , 2006 . i finally switched back to qwest after unending problems and hours and hours on the phone ( my cell phone , as my vonage line did n't work ) with tech support . here is my experience :  1 ) it took about 2 months and about 2 hours on the phone for them to switch my existing phone # over to vonage . do n't be too excited about getting the first month free- if your moving an existing number it will take about that long to get it switched over . 2 ) after my number was finally switched over , outgoing calls were constantly being dropped after about 20-30 seconds . incoming calls would also be dropped occasionally after about a minute . this resulted in having to call the person back , saying " sorry the call was dropped- we switched to this cheaper phone service and have been having problems.... " this is with the highest speed cable internet service available ( 8mbps download , 600kbps upload ) and a wireless 'g ' system which has provided top notch internet service consistently while i had vonage problems . i spent no less than 4 - 5 calls and over 5 hours on the phone with tech support trying to fix the problem . after talking with tech support , sometimes the problem would be fixed temporarily- while i was on the phone with them- but return shortly thereafter . 3 ) as a result of the problems i had , i asked to be credited for the months in which my phone service was not working . be warned , they are very hard-nosed about providing any credits for poor or no service . i spoke to a tech support person about getting a credit for a month of no service , and he told me to wait until the problem had been fixed so they could determine how much credit should be given . after the problem had been fixed ( temporarily ) , i called back and they told me they could only provide credit for the current month , not previous months of no or poor service . they are not customer friendly about providing refunds for poor or no service . 4 ) finally , in september , still with dropped calls from vonage , i switched back to qwest to get reliable phone service . i found customer service there has improved and is much better than vonage . and they gave me 3 months free promotion for coming back . in the end , i am happy to pay the extra $ 10/month ( after the first 3 months free ) to get phone service that works . i notice that $ 5 of the extra cost is for fees , etc . that the phone company has to charge but vonage does not , which is unfortunate . in any case , i guess you get what you pay for . one last thing : vonage has never made a profit and many business analysts say with their current business plan , they never will . this means eventually they will either go out of business , or have to raise rates . save yourself the problems i had- pay the extra $ to get phone service that works
i bought vonage service thinking that finally there is a company which will let me control everything from their web portal , and provide features that traditional phone companies do not . good thing i kept my number with traditional phone company and got a second line with vonage . its voice quality was really bad , and cancelling it was a pain to say the least . it took me 4 months to cancell it . waiting forever on hold . please read internet forums/blogs before you decide to " save " money
stay away from vonage ! after more than 1 month , still do n't have phone number transferred . ca n't get thru to customer service...very long wait . paying 2 phone bills...so much for saving cost and so-called service . called to cancel service , and customer service rep promised to put account/billing on hold until phone number transfer is done...finally something positive from customer service department
very disappointing speakers ! rip off . i returned them . 1 . satellites produce static noise even with the computer turned off . you have to press the mute button to get rid of it . 2 . extremely rumble base ; not crisp . even turned all the way down it is too prominent . maybe good for war games . 3 . missing mid tone . satellites sound like they are coming out off a tin can . 4 . volume is a bit underpowered . will not knock your socks off
i too bought one and had the headphone jack become loose . i bought another thinking i had a faulty one , but now i 'm having the same issue with this one . the loose jack causes the reception to go in and out...and finally just out completely . i agreed with the previous opinions on this fatal flaw
1 . there was a consistent buzzing on the phone even when i tried multiple jacks for the base . 2 . phone features worked as advertised . but the voice enhancer is useless and actually makes it sound worse . 3 . it was kind of a pain to sync the phone books which are separate on each handset . i returned it mainly because of the buzzing
i bought this and found that if you like to burn your own cd 's to play in it , it has a problem reading the tracks . it sometimes spins up and does n't play , and it always has a very audible noise on spin up and track find . i usually wake to that sound before the music starts . i am not a light sleeper . this is my second one , and i 've basically been using it for the radio wake function for the last few months . do yourself a favor and find a different product
this product does not have the skip feature included in the product descriptio
your buying 128 mb worth of frustration and $ 10 worth of gas from back and forth to wal-mart . i bought my creative muvo and had it for a month or so . loved it . had everything i needed , great mp3 worked great . one day , plugged it in to put a song on it and all of the sudden it starts smoking . big hole in it from all the smoke . so , i return it at walmart for a new one . two days later i plug it in my usb to put a song on it - smokes again ! ! ! ! ! ! ! i returned it and got my money back... got an ipod shuffle , buy that much better mp3 player wont start on fire.. .
the keyboard and mouse work fine , except for some completely absurd reason , logitech decided to remove the insert and escape keys from the regular keyboard and make them little buttons on the top of the keyboard instead . look at the picture and you will see what i mean -- the delete key is double-size and takes up the space where the insert key would be ; insert is moved above the home key and is a little recessed round button . escape is in the usual place , but it too is a little button instead of a legitimate key . very annoying . definately returning it
ordered it , took about 5 days to get to me , and it 's corrupted and can not format itself and can not put files on it
i was really happy with the mouse for all of 10 minutes . the scroll wheel is really " push happy " such that when i roll the wheel , the middle button registers a " click " very often . in order to prevent the inadvertant click , i have to roll the wheel with the lightest of light touches . it 's significantly more senstive than my older logitech wheel , and was really really annoying to have the browser repeatedly register the middle button ( which is unix is the default " paste " so i 'd have pages and pages of text that i " selected " be pasted on to the browser or editor while what i really wanted was just to scroll the buffer ! ! ! too bad , the mouse was really high quality overall .
the jbl speakers worked fine for 3 weeks and all of a sudden , they quit . in the future , i will buy this type of merchandise locally so that i have some recourse
i was really excited for these affordable speakers after reading the rave reviews , however , i have been extremely disappointed in them . i may have had too high of expectations , but these things put out no bass whatsoever ( it just sounds muffled and cruddy ) , and the overall sound is extremely poor . i 'm really surprised as i 've owned jbl speakers in my car that i was extremely pleased with , so i 'm amazed at the lacking quality in these . i would recommend either finding another similarly priced set with good reviews or paying a little extra and getting something with a sub included
these speakers sound great - but sometimes you want to crank it up and in the office that 's a no-no . so you reach for your phones and... no place to plug them in ! how lame is that ? also whoever designed the volume/on/off knob is an idiot . the thing is so streamlined and slippery that when you try to turn it , the whole speaker just slips away from you . they 're so light that they do n't have enough resistance to stay put . so you have to hold it in place with one hand while you turn the knob with the other ( unless you velcro them to your desk or something ) . too bad because - like i said - they sound great
agree with the prior reviewers . i can not get it to retract any longer and that was only after 3 uses !
i have bought several of these . some came in a fancy blister , and others in a coushing bag . stay away from those . be sure you 're buying the sealed one because the physical design is a lot different . i give the generic two stars just because it works . i give four stars to the original because as others reviewers have said it 's a little difficult to remove the card
i bought this for easy transfer of pictures from my digital camera with sd memory card anywhere not home and sometimes from other peoples memory card ( xd and memory stick ) . .  first of all i was disappointed with the flimsy , plastic design and the size of it . but it would have been ok if it worked ! ..it doesnt read my sd card . and as menetioned in other people 's review hard to insert and take out the cards ! i 'm scared if the cards get scratch and ruined whenever i do it . i wish i have bought this after reading amazon reviews...it 's useless now . i 'm lost how i can get sd card work on this and if i do , scared of frequent use for the flimsy design
