i purchased this unit due to frequent blackouts in my area and 2 power supplies going bad . it will run my cable modem , router , pc , and lcd monitor for 5 minutes . this is more than enough time to save work and shut down . equally important , i know that my electronics are receiving clean power . i feel that this investment is minor compared to the loss of valuable data or the failure of equipment due to a power spike or an irregular power supply . as always , amazon had it to me in &lt ; 2 business days
i ordered 3 apc back-ups es 500s on the recommendation of an employee of mine who used to work at apc . i 've had them for about a month now without any problems . they 've functioned properly through a few unexpected power interruptions . i 'll gladly order more if the need arises . pros : - large plug spacing , good for power adapters - simple design - long cord  cons : - no line conditioning ( usually an expensive option
wish the unit had a separate online/offline light . when power to the unit is missing , the single red light turns off only when the warning sounds . the warning sound is like a lot of sounds you hear in the house so it is n't always easy to tell what is happening
cheaper than thick cd cases and less prone to breakage , these " slim " cases by memorex protect your cds . most buyers will get them for use in cd or dvd burning , and these are an affordable choice from a quality company for that purpose . you may want to consider larger cases depending on your tastes , but otherwise these will probably satisfy your needs
hi  i brought 256 mb kingston sd card from amazon.com recently . according to my openion amazon is one of the best online shopping market , they deliver the products intime and the items i brought so far are working very well . 256 mb kingston sd card working very good with out giving any problem . one can always go to amazon for online shopping . bye kira
this product was perfect . it 's a sturdy case that holds my large collection of cd 's and dvd 's . my other cases were flimsy and wore out fast . this one has a hard outside shell and the inside holds my dvd 's nicely . so i have no complaints . and at the price i paid i 'd say this was a great deal
great value for your money . kingston has always been a reliable memory chip company and the same goes for this product .
i like it very much , i use it in an outdoor trail camera for wild game and it hold several pictures and has been in the camera in all kinds of weather . i would buy kingston again
i had no problems with this card and the delivery was prompt.. . thank you muc
after going through the reviews , i bought this cf card for my canon digital rebel . so far it has worked fine , though i do n't pretend to be an expert digital photographer . when the card is empty , it shows 127 shots available . it seems to read reasonably fast , though it takes a bit longer than i was used to with my point-and-shoot olympus and its smartmedia card .
i am very happy with this product . it folds super slim , so traveling with it is a breeze ! pretty good sound - not bose quality , but for the price , very respectable ! i 've had it almost a year , and it has been along on many weekend get-aways , and works great . i use it alot , so it was a good purchase for me
i bought this reader because i wanted to avoid having my camera and all its cable attached to my pc to download the pictures ; and with this reader i could leave my camera ( and its cables ) in its case and just download the picture with the memory card , i recomend this product... .
it 's a simple device , so there 's not to say about it other than it does the job . you should note that the leds on the device remain lit as long as the device is plugged into your pc and the pc is powered ( they glow a bright blue ) .
i was thinking about buying a 1g card , but after reading one of the reviews,i bought two 512 card,just in case that something went wrong . which to me made a lot of sense . i 'm please
i have always been very pleased with the sandisk products . i would highly recommend them
these earphones are great quality . the sound is good and they fit comfortably in the ear once you get used to them . two minuses make them only 4 out of 5 stars : first , the customer support is weak . there is supposed to be a website for the product for customer support and replacement parts , but altec lansing his it linked to a seemingly unrelated product ; second , the volume control is a little heavy unless you have somewhere to clip it to ( this might be a problem for runners )
this cf card is so fast that i can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps . no lag or slow down . that is amazing . it makes my camera perform better . ( canon rebel xt
fast and reliable..well worth the mone
perhaps the ultimate addition to a good camera . i used my camera with a sandisk pro duo ( the blue one... ) and while most times it was fine , when i needed to take pictures in quick succession - it let me down . the ultra ii is noticably faster . you will not regret buying this
the sandisk 512 mb secure digitial ultra ii ( sdsdh-512-901 ) sent to me was not the item i ordered . i returned the item , unopened
definitely recommend this memory card , download time is great . .
i am happy to have several sandisk products , and all of them are excellent .
the sandisk sdsdh-1024-901 is absoultely worth the extra money if you love to take many pictures without worrying about how many pictures are left for you to take . it is great to use with mini-videos if your camera has this feature
the cheapest option i found at the time but an excelent pen drive . small and with a good style
it works great ! i really like it . there is one small problem though . the lid is really hard to take off ! i 've had it now for about a month and have gotten lots of use out of it and it has loosened up a little , but not much . there has got to be a way to make a lid that stays on , but is n't quite so hard to remove when a person wants to use it . i appreciate being provided with a forum to voice my opinion
works well with or without software installed . good for home use and school or traveling .
this technically works well . i am finding learning to use it difficult . i really wish i had spent a little more and gotten a bigger one ! ! ! ! ! it is a lot smaller than i thought it would be and would be alot easier if it was bigger
i was considering purchasing a tablet and wacom was consistantly recommended . i was originally hesitant to buy the graphire line because i didnt think it would be very good for drawing compared to the top line ( the intuos line ) . i was pleasantly surprised to be proven wrong . installing a driver was a piece of cake and i began drawing away in minutes . it is very responsive and works with all my drawing programs ( paintshop pro , painter , photoshop ) . the mouse is pretty useless however , and i would have preferred if they had included some extra pen tips instead ( they seem to wear out , though i do press pretty hard ) . other than that , its an amazing product
great value for your money . kingston has always been a reliable memory chip company and the same goes for this product .
great batteries for cameras . they charge quickly , and it 's handy to keep the extra 2 spare in the charger and with me all the time " just in case "
i bought the nulooq product a few weeks ago with little expectation and actually with some doubts it 'd do anything for me , as i 'm a keyboard junkie . the product description was a bit confusing as it seems like ti does a lot . but what a surprise . just adjusting the brush size using the ipod like scroll disc on the device is worth the price . the pop-up menu thing is cool . i do n't use it as much for putting tools , but putting my files and folders into that menu keeps things in one place . i guess the product also lets you pan and zoom around , but i do n't seem to use that as much . i still like using my mouse to pan and zoom around . hey , i was skeptical about the product like anyone else , but found myself a rare surprise . good job logitech
i 've had this product for well over a year now and was using it with my xp machine and am now using it with my apple mac mini . works great with both windows and mac os x , with no hassles . the removable stand is a nice touch , as you can pack the reader into a laptop bag or lay it horizontally if you prefer . highly recommended
i have burnt a few discs and so far no coasters , they are burning at 8x in my nec 2500a burner . that is pretty considering that it is advertised at 4x . hopefully the burn quality also will be good and will last for a few years
shipping was outrageous , thought it qualified for free shipping since it is the size of a f'n postage stamp , but i ended up paying 1 cent less for postage than i did for the item , could have bought it at walmart for less this way . buyer beware , i got took
this is the second g15 keyboard i 've purchased , not because the first one broke , because it 's such a great keyboard . now i keep one at home , and take one with me when i go lanning . the only issue with the keyboard is the lcd is pretty useless is fast paced fps games , otherwise it 's good for keeping the clock up so one does n't lose track of the time
i 'm very happy with the set . although not listed in the specs , it must have a qam tuner , because i am able to watch unscrambled digital broadcasts through my cable service even though all i have is basic cable . i was thrilled when i made this discovery . watching football games in hd , without paying for digital cable , almost made me weep with happiness . the picture quality for analog channels is only so-so . i really wish the remote was illuminated . also , amazon took much longer to deliver the tv than was promised . other than these negatives , i 'm very happy
my new tv finally arrived and i am very pleased with it . i picked this one based primarily on all of the reviews i could find online , the vast majority of which were very positive ( cnet has lots of reviews as well ) . also , i have two friends who are cable guys and they see all kinds of tvs , all day every day , and both of them bought this exact set for themselves . my cable provider does not offer many high def stations yet so the image quality of standard def video was the primary criterion for me . most reviews were very positive in this regard but there were some that were the exact opposite . my first impression had me rather worried . i have since come to believe that poor quality standard def video is just a matter of garbage in = garbage out . i began to suspect this when i noticed that some stations looked much better than others . in fact , some shows and commercials on any given station looked much better than those which preceded or followed them . i became convinced as i watched a cable news show where the host and two contributors were each on different cameras being displayed at the same time . the video of the host looked ok , the video of one contributor was poor , and the video of the other contributor looked great . the video quality of the various individuals remained consistent when they were occasionally displayed individually on the entire screen . the set certainly has the ability of displaying fantastic standard def video . i expect that i just never noticed the variability of video quality on lesser tvs . the quality of the hi def video is breath taking . set-up was simple and i have not even bothered yet to read the manual . of course the display can be adjusted in many ways , but it looks good to me with the factory presets and i do not intend to adjust the display anytime soon . flipping through the on screen menu , i stumbled across the altitude setting which was a nice surprise since i live at 10,000 ft. above sea level . i was a little disappointed with the delivery situation . i thought i had ordered the tv in time to have it by opening day kick-off . instead it arrived just in time for the third weekend of the football season , and i was told that it could easily have been another week beyond that . i blame the shipper ( eagle usa ) for this , not amazon . i say this because i could track the package enough to know that amazon had the tv picked up right away . but then eagle usa kept it sitting in dallas for almost 2 weeks , and then in denver for another week , before finally calling me to arrange for delivery . i believe that if i had not called and emailed amazon to complain about the delay , it would have taken longer . eagle usa told amazon that they had tried to call me sooner but i know that this is not true for two reasons : 1 ) i had called eagle usa the same day they told amazon this and eagle usa told me that they had no intention of calling me until a day or so prior to delivery , and 2 ) my livelihood depends on people being able to reach me at all times and i have a very good message and caller id tracking system in place . all in all , a great set at a great price , i just wish i had ordered and started pushing the issue sooner
so , i was a little weary to buy an itrip after hearing some mixed reviews . it seemed that a perosn either had horrible luck with theirs... or the itrip worked perfectly . knowing my luck , it would n't work for me at all . i recieved my itrip and my luck started right away . i tossed the itrip onto my ipod and..................... nothing . a bad omen ? well , after i exchanged my itrip for a new one i tried it out on a short drive . i live in east lansing , mi... and we have a very crowded fm dial . i could n't find a completely blank station as recommended... but it did n't matter . my itrip delivered decent sound through the station . as others have mentioned , charging your ipod while you use your fm transmitter will really help . it 's not a night-and-day difference , but it 's a noticeable improvement . sure , i got some static and the occasional interference from a strong signal , but you know what ? through a good 40 minutes of driving , the majority of the time i had satisfactory sound . this was also on the weaker-signaled lx mode , not dx . supposedly dx provides a better , stronger signal . this product is dependant on several outside factors . the reception your car gets and the availability of a clear fm channel . to rate this product poorly because of factors out of it 's control is unfair . there were times when i had downright poor sound... and times where it was comparable to a tape deck . i love good , crisp sound as much as anyone does... but i 'll take somewhat degraded sound over trying to find good music on the radio anyday . my recommendation after owning this product for a short time * but it has been used quite a bit already , as i do a lot of driving * , i say : if you can , buy a tape deck adaptor... but if it 's not an option and you do n't want to put the money into an " ipod to car " setup , this is a viable solution indeed . in my opinion , an itrip is a better option than listening to plain , old radio .
i have used the 9510i for about 2 years and have found it to be flawless in performance . the disaster recovery software provided with this drive is it 's biggest star . you can format your hard drive , put in the restore disk that you create for your system , and in about 15 minutes your system is put back to exactly the way it was when you created the disk . or you can simply replace selected files if you want . it does not miss a single thing . fanstastic . the software is extremely user friendly and guides you through the process easier than an &quot ; abc&quot ; book . i would highly recommend this drive for performance and ease of use
nice sound , i will admitt for the price , i get big sound , with quality . only thing is a humming , hissing sound when machine is idle . ohtherwise , worth it .
i,ve seen complaints about the ac adapter you " must " plug in . hey guys , try it without an outside energy source , i just hope i,m not gon na fry something but it seems to work fine just plugged into a powered usb port . i have a very high end system though with wattage to sprare , but no more pci slots , damn 7900 512 gtx graphics cards , why do 2 of em have to take up so much room . oh well , trade offs are a bi--- , but a reality and 7 extra usb slots are awfully nice
it 's a simple device , so there 's not to say about it other than it does the job . you should note that the leds on the device remain lit as long as the device is plugged into your pc and the pc is powered ( they glow a bright blue ) .
i bought this tv for college , and it fits perfectly in my dorm . the picture quality is pretty decent , though compared to traditional tv , it is not as sharp . the audio quality is very good . i was able to play final fantasy 12 with this tv , and the audio lives well for my expectations . no lag while playing my playstation 2 console.. . the only downside is that if you want to switch from av mode back to tv mode , you need to press " source " on the remote or the tv 4 times...and it 's annoying waiting for it...but besides that , it 's a very nice budget tv for anyone that wants a tv that can save you some money and space
we used this charger with a dc inverter on a 6000 mile road trip to charge batteries for a sony dsc-h5 camera and the batteries were almost unbelievable with lasting power between charges . the 2700mah battery is great
the intuos3 6x11 tablet is nice because its like having a giant mouse pad . the mouse itself has five buttons that can be programed to do different tasks , opening programs is one of them . it also has a scroll wheel . on the pad there are more buttons that can open programs among other things . also there are touch sensitive strips on the tablet that can be used for scrolling . i use the pen inside of art progams and it is a real joy to work with . the pressure sensitivity is is a very nice feature alowing you to go from a thin line to a thick line and vice versa . its main high point for me is the ability it gives to draw curved lines and detailed lines . it fits nicely in hand and has comfortable rubber grip . also you can flip the pen over and use that side as an eraser . the only complaint i have is that on the pen there are two buttons and one of them ( the lower one ) is placed in a spot where when i 'm drawing my finger frequently hits it , because of this i simply had to make the button inactive . over all i feel that wacom has done a very good job of developing this product . i feel that it is of high quality and well worth the price . i would definetly save up the extra few dollars to get this larger tablet , it is nice to have if you have the desk space . i 've heard wacom is the best in the pen tablet industry and now that i own one i believe it
fabulous product --- now i can store over 700 photos in the 8 mega pixel range . happy i purchased this one -- very trouble free
i would n't be without this . when i first bought the 20d it was my first digital slr and i spent a few weeks adding and removing the battery grip and this strap . in the end i settled for using both and would n't have it any other way . with the battery grip and hand strap in place i find the camera much more secure and comfortable to hold . that 's all there is to it , that 's what it does and it does it well . on the down side , and it 's a small and transient down side , actually fitting it to the camera and getting it adjusted to the exact right length for your hand is a bit fiddly and you 'd sort of expect it to be insecure . i think the trick , security wise , is to make sure the bottom strap goes through the center buckle first , then it is locked in by the top strap which is already held securely at the junction with the neck strap ( if used ) . i also do n't like the attachment to the neck strap , i do n't like having a fairly sharp edged piece of metal where it can rub against the chasis of the camera in normal use . i use this on a 20d which typically has a 24-200 or 80-400 lens attached . you can only use this if you also use the battery grip , or buy a third party plate which attaches to the tripod mount and provides the lower mounting location . but since i always use the battery grip i do n't have an issue . if canon read this , you could do with a better solution for the attachment and adjustment on an accessory of this price , you normally pay close attention to detail and it 's a bit lacking here
i have bought 50 and 100 pack spindles of memorex and so far i have not had any problems . they work just fine on my sony dvd burner
memorex dvd + r 's are the best . price keeps dropping and never have a problem
i have burned over 100 of these in the past 6 months , i have only had 1 burn badly . have n't found a dvd player yet that they wo n't play in
this is an excellent machine . i bought two of them . there are a few things you need to do . i have had 100 % satisfaction using fujifilm dvd-r up to 8x . i have had success with fujifilm dvd + r up to 8x . i ` ve also had tremendous success with tdk dvd + r up to 4x and 8x . some other brands may not work . one thing i ` ve learned about this machine is that you have to baby it a little . don ` t go recording 3 or 4 -r or + r dvds every day . give it a rest between recordings . one or two per day is okay . definitely give it room to breathe . if you stack your machines on top of each other , put something in between so they can breathe . be sure not to block the ventilation holes on the sides . you definitely need to buy a panasonic dvd player to play back your dvds - other brand dvd players may not play your recordings properly . one of the greatest things about this machine is that it records dvd-ram . they are re-recordable for many , many times and each program can be erased when watched . you can even edit the recordings on the dvd-ram . cut out commercials and fit more on a disc or remove the commercials for when you watch the program . only works on the dvd-ram . i have over 50 dvd-ram discs ( panasonic brand ) - they sure take up less space than vcr tapes ! get one or two of these recorders and a panasonic dvd player and you ` ve got it made ! throw away your vcrs forever ! just remember to baby them
i bought this for my folks for christmas . it took no time at all to hook up , and making dvds was simple . everything from recording off the tv , to recording movies and shows stored on the dvr , to transferring home movies from the original vhs tapes . i 'm sure for about $ 300 more you could purchase some higher end recorders , but for under $ 200 , you really ca n't go wrong . the only flaw i could find is that the initial hookup ( according to the book ) did n't seem quite right . after taking a whole 2 minutes to look up the easy to read instructions online , everything went smoothly . because of that , i 'm still going to give it a full 5 stars..it 's not as if those 2 whole minutes ruined our life . really , if you 're new to this technology , you 're not going to have any problems..believe me..a + +
the other effusive reviews are spot-on... the picture is fabulous on new dvds ( lord of the rings , nemo , harry potter ) . a $ 20 cables to go hdmi cable does a great job . we have the sony kdf-42e2000 42 " 3lcd rear projection hdtv and are thrilled with the combination . a few annoyances : the machine responds and loads slowly , but that 's not too bad ; a minor sacrifice for the incredibly low price . and , certain dvds of old movies ( some like it hot , the king and i ) stretch the picture horizontally , making things look squat . i 'm sure there 's a solution , but just ca n't figure it out . any tips
vhs to dvd disc is just one easy setup . i set mine to record and recode just before i go to sleep . when i wake up a finished disc awaits . with the software tools that are provided you can sharpen and correct vhs that has degraded and bring back life as when it was first transfered to tape . i have taken many vhs tapes that were never released as dvd and now have the start of a great library . editing is a little tricky until you get the hang of it . the product works well . ipod old music videos and movies for a real treat . sound is perfect
i 've had this photo printer a few weeks now . i do n't consider myself technically proficient . i totally scored despite gross ignorance with this machine . you can not go wrong . the photo quality is astonishing . i 've printed professional quality photos and framed them . the results are fantastic . for someone who is techno-challenged , i had this up and running very quickly
two of these jewel cases equal the size of a regular cd case . buy them and conserve space . there great
got my order quickly and found out that these cases are much better than the ones sold here locally , and they were cheaper ! !
i like keeping all my stuff in one place , but do n't like cd folders , so these slim cases are great . i accidentaly sat on one of them and although it did crack , the case did n't break , and the cd was fine . all in all , a great product
i 've used these ( and similar ) cases for years . no problems , even with the cats occasionally knocking them around and walking on them . 1 ) i 've never had one crack . 2 ) they hold the disc securely , but not with so much force that you risk damaging the disc when removing it . 3 ) as long as you open them properly - from the front ( clear ) side by pulling near the corner ( s ) while holding the back ( colored ) side - they open fine
they are okay for eight or so dollars , but they do n't last very long . then again , i used these for a digital camera so maybe that 's why they get drained so quickly . however , for the price i still would buy them again
my daughter uses a cochlear implant that has the option of being powered by 3 aa batteries . we have tried several brands trying to find the ones that last the longest . we have tried energizer , duracell , etc . she needs to replace them every day and a half . since the implant is a high power draining device , every extra hour counts . these batteries are one of the best values out there .
i have not had n.e.w . coverage for this apple product however i had a washing machine covered by them . the washer turned out to be one of those machines that had one problem after another sometimes the same . n.e.w . used a couple of different service companies to repair it and finally wrote it off . throughout , n.e.w . was great and made every effort to fix the machine . when the finally wrote it off they sent me a check for the amount that i paid for it . they did not try to discount the settlement price for the time that i actually had the machine
esaki si ta campion , un tremendo idea di e sistema pa por load up un potret digital ariba bo pc . hopi bon y facil . esaki ta pone cu bo por saca bo potret digital y pone ariba bo pc via e systema aki di chip . ( tremendo
initial setup could be complex for some , but considering all it is capable of i 'd say it 's worth the time investment .
i 've had it for over a month now and it works as well as i expected it to work . i was expecting random quirks here and there as i continued using it , but none whatsoever
these are great earbuds . i have alswys used sony dj headphones in the past , and these are the first pair of buds i have purchased - i am impressed . for the money , the sound quality is very good - full and well rounded with good bass and the treble is not too bright . they are pretty comfortable in the ears , but it does take a little getting used to . the cord is rather thin and very flexible , but seems to be sturdy enough for most use . the included 'case ' is a little tough to figure out , but could be good for keeping them clean in a purse or backpack . definitely recommended
i bought this for my kids to use with nascar racing . controls are easily reprogramable . nice product for the money
great product for getting all those old home videos on dv
this little unit is easy to use and ready to go ! ! ! ! not one problem with it so far , i 've been using it for over two months now
i use these batteries when i need power immediately and i do n't have a set of rechargeables ready to go . i also use them as backups - so i do n't get caught without power and have to pay $ 1 a battery at supermarkets and convenience stores . unfortunately , my kids keep stealing them instead of recharging their own set
excellent sound system , reminds you of being in a movie theatre . great , great system
i 've owned many sony electronics in the past and have always liked their styling and functionality -- lots of hardy walkmen , useful shortwave and portable radios , stylish tvs and high quality cassette recorders . i still have a sony mini component stereo model fh-e656 ( made in japan ) which i bought in 1992 for us $ 400 + ; but rather than pay to fix its worn-out cd player , i decided to purchase this new sony mhcec70 component stereo ( made in china ) . pluses : decent sound good functionality easy set-up and intuitive operation simple remote -- but only covers basic functions  cons : very short speaker leads unattractive styling ( for my tastes ) -- resembles a boombox only holds 3 cds vs 5 for comparable panasonic units  at first glance , i was disappointed by the cheap construction , skimpy manual and very short speaker leads -- the manufacturer seemed to be counting pennies . but then i thought : in 2006 for $ 150 , i ca n't expect the same quality as i received in 1992 for $ 400 . everything is made more cheaply now and almost all in china . so , for the money , it suits my purposes as a nice sounding stereo unit for the bedroom . the real test will be how long the cd changer works -- to be safe , this time i bought the 2 year replacement warranty . i have n't blasted it at full volume , but it seems to have plenty of power when needed . i originally bought a $ 300 panasonic unit ( sc-pm71sd mp3 sd micro system ) which was returned because it did n't have the full data recording feature as advertised ( data recording was crippled by drm limitations ) . this sony stereo costs half as much , and has almost all the same functionality
a memory stick is a s memory stick but when you put it in a sony camera - fantastic
this portable cd holder is perfect for me . i work out regularly and it has been perfect for the gym . my cd player fit fine and there are 3 slots for extra cd 's . i like the feature of the headphones attaching to the outside of the pouch . i would recommend it to anyone
( note to brian : the wap54g * can * be configured as a bridge . i have two of them in just such a configuration . took me about 10 minutes to set them up . )  major modes of operation are :  1 . wireless access point ( its default set-up ) 2 . wireless client ( connect a wired ethernet device via cable to the wap54g and you now have a wireless ethernet device ) 3 . wireless repeater ( extend range of wireless coverage ) 4 . wireless bridge ( connect two ethernet networks without running a cable between them -- acts as one end of a " virtual " cable ; you need two to get the job done )  a pair of wireless bridges is just what i needed but hesitated to buy the wap54g because of brian 's comment that this would n't work . because of my newness to the wireless world it took a bit of investigation to come to the conclusion that brian was wrong . i bought a pair and they do work . i rate it 4 instead of 5 stars for a few reasons . 1 . i understand that higher-end , more expensive , equipment can be had with more range than this box . got ta leave some room to rate more powerful equipment ! 2 . one must dig very deeply into the users guide ( a pdf on the cd ) to find the default ip address in order to configure this device . luckily i had read elsewhere what that ip address is ( 192.168.1.245 ) . other manufacturers make this info readily available , even going so far as printing it on the device itself . this will be critical info to any linux user . also , the users guide says that the default userid for logging in is " admin " . well , it 's not . the only allowed userid is an empty field . this had me going for a few minutes . 3 . something that 99 % of the world wo n't care about -- i like to have more access to the firmware . for example other linksys products allow one to telnet to the box and do low-level analysis of the box and the network it 's attached to . i think there are third-party firmware loads that enable this
i love the mobilemate sd . i have n't had any problems yet . it 's small compact and gets the job done
i like it very much , i use it in an outdoor trail camera for wild game and it hold several pictures and has been in the camera in all kinds of weather . i would buy kingston again
the first peron to review this incorrectly stated that it does n't come with software for handhleds . that person chose to buy it without and save some $ $ and then complained about having to pay extra for it because he/she bought the wrong software package . delorme did the right thing and offered us options . i just ordered mine and i have no plans on using with a hh so i 'm very happy that i did n't have to buy the hh software . just do n't be dumb and read what you are buying before you buy it . nemerous people have highly recommended this to me , although i have heard that ms mappoint has better maps and should be used instead when you have it as an option . storing 50,000 data points without a connection to a computer is awesome . i will be able to take the unit with me on a bike ride and analize the workout later hopefully looking at the route , elevation , etc . too bad it is only in yellow. .
i got this jacket a month into having my ipod . i had to buy it because i had been using the one that comes with the ipod and when i pulled the ipod out of that case it was easy to drop . one time i did drop it and within a month of owning the ipod i had it in fro repairs . this case protected my ipod of another 11 months just fine . my complaint with it tough is the plastic peice that protects the screen and pod from falling out . it is stiched on the inside so when the ipod is in there is creates friction . acrilic and plastic do not mux and you get a slightly scraped serface . it will protect your pod though
the product works perfectly . the only problem is , the manual only includes directions for the most common setups . to use one port as an " uplink " to a router , for example , you need to plug the uplink into the ethernet port labeled " 1 " and then leave port " 2 " open . the directions do not state this , and i had to call linksys to get it to work . other than that , it is fast , reliable , and small . perfect
my setup : - dell latitude pp01l ( intel chip ) - win xp pro - d-link di-624 wireless router ( with two walls inbetween the laptop and the antenna ) - enabled the wep feature  i unplugged the old wireless card and simply plugged this in . windows found the new card and did its plug-n-play thing . not only was i was able to get on the internet immediately , but the card picked up two other signals in the neighborhood that i could n't 'see ' with my 11mb/sec cisco aironet card . this i sort of expected , but was still a bit surprised being that my closest neighbor is beyond the range of most wireless routers . the cd installed just fine , but when i went to the d-link site to check for an updated driver it said i was up-to-date . i ran windows update and it claimed i had an updated driver available for my new d-link card . i 've never had a problem with d-link 's website ( or customer service , while we 're on the subject ) , so i was a bit taken aback that microsoft was ahead of d-link 's site . either way... install the card and get onto the internet , then have windows update check for possible updates . be sure to enable the encryption feature . if you are running a small network of computers where you are sharing folders then you want to be sure that your neighbors ca n't go snooping through your stuff . or worse , lift the signal , and ultimately your personal information . i 've had no problems with my current set-up . i highly recommend this card to bring your laptop/desktop up-to-date
this review pertains specifically to the targus pauh217u 4 port ultra mini usb 2.0 hub . the cord is about 2.5 feet long - long enough to reach from my pc , which sits on the ground , to the top of the desk . it has a cable which is split into two usb plugs - one just to transmit data , the second to power the unit . the second plug does not need to be used unless you plan on using some heavy-duty hardware , and if so what are you buying a hub called the ultra mini for anyways ? if you insist on trying to run a blow dryer off the thing , then it does have an input for a separate power source , which you will have to buy separately . in short , if you have an old school machine with usb ports which are inaccessible /inconvenient to use , this little hub will give you quick access while taking up minimal space on your desk
i had read the reviews of this mouse prior to buying it . it had gotten very good reviews . ive ben playing with it for about a month now and i find it meets all my needs and then some . highly recommend it
i 've been a gamer for almost 20 years . this is the best mouse i 've ever owned . it is fast , accurate , well formed and constructed . i would definitely recommend it . the dpi adjustment is a nice touch . i prefer corded mice due to cordless being to heavy , this mouse is just right
for those of you who bought minidisc recorders to move away from analog tape recording , this product is wonderful . especially good for recording lectures , voice lessons , etc . it works quite well with the built-in mono mike , or you could use an external one . one of the few players that lets you record from a line input or an external mike -- you toggle which setting it is in the settings section . i record my radio shows by plugging in the line-out from the station 's tape deck to my iriver . for those who recorded live music with their minidiscs , it 's a little trickier . you have to set the record input before -- you ca n't change it on the fly . i 've recorded live dj shows with the built-in and agc on . of course , the booming bass distorts horribly , but overall an easy record of the show . very easy to keep in a pocket rather than to be obviously recording a show . i 've also tried external mikes with the record input turned down very low with very good results . a bit of trial and error which i 'm still refining with later iriver products . the single aa batter lasts a good long time . summer school involves 2 , 2-hour classes , and i can record several days of them before battery is low . if the battery runs out during recording , fear not , the file is saved ! the negatives are the requirement to go through the special iriver music program , but there are now firmware updates that will change your iriver into the typical usb external drag-and-drop drive . files are recorded in a .rec file which one then converts to a .mp3 file after transfer to your computer . i do n't know how different this format is because it takes up exactly the same amout of space as the .mp3 file . but you ca n't trasnfer .mp3 files off your iriver , even if you made them yourself , so do n't think you can use this to transfer .mp3 files from one computer to another . also , the molding where the line-in input is sometimes gets in the way of certain plugs such as some rca to 1/8 " adaptors , so make sure you pick one that alows it to fit in securely all the way . i 've had mine for just over a year now and use it every day , whether just playing mp3s or recording classes . i 'm only just starting to have some trouble with the on/off/play/pause button . after so many presses , it 's starting to wear out . but it 's still working reliably . i just have to press a little more precisely and pay more attention . i have the 1g model ( ifp-799 ) which is great . i was able to record a 12-hour radio show marathon i produced with it . previous marathons required a stack of cassette tapes or minidiscs . i 'm quite happy with iriver and plan on buying from them in the future
i got this for hubby and me over the summer . we used it for our trip to rehoboth beach and we loved every minute of it . we have a tape deck in the car and used it w/ a cassette adaptor . we had not problems whatsoever , in fact it sounds much better thru the cassette adaptor than over the fm transmitter . i did try it thru the fm transmitter and it was a pain to switch from one station to the next , but i do n't think anybody can improve upon that . i had the same problem w/ my itrip . we chose sirius for several reasons...i liked the classic vinyl station , my dad introduced me to that and hubby likes nascar and this is switching over in 2007 . the only problem i had was i could n't read the red lettering in the daylight w/ the sunglasses on , but i did n't give them less than 5 stars because of this . this is the way to go , plus it has a suction mount , not a permanent mount . also , if you look on ebay , someone is selling something to adapt your mount to the bolt on your car seat ! ! definitely go satellite , the music is great and little/ no commercials depending on the stations .
works good , small , and comes with handy little stickers to put on so you can write contact info in case you lose it , though slightly costl
i purchased this hub back in september . i plugged it in and i 'm running two printers and my mouse off of it at the moment , i 've had no problems . it does n't take up too much room even with 7 ports . my only complaint is n't with amazon , it 's with d-link . after i sent in the rebate info , i got a card from d-link saying my request was n't valid because i had n't purchased it from the right store . but i called them , and in about 10 minutes i had the problem cleared up and had my rebate a week later . i highly recommend keeping copies of all the rebate info , just in case. .
fantastic , take all the videos and pictures you want with the best quality
the product is a good value . it performed well and was fairly easy to use . i only wish it would allow importing play lists from itunes , all text had to be manually input . overall , i 'm very satisfied with the product
i previously owned the 1gb lexar 40x cf card and thought that was the fastest a cf could get . i was completely wrong . this card is one fast sucker , and it can hold an enormous amount of images . in jpeg mode i am able to store over 1000 images . in raw mode , which i 'm converting to thanks to this large capacity card , i am able to hold 444 images all on my 20d ! ! ! if your thinking of buying this card , do n't hesitate . it is one awsome piece of equipment , and one heck of an investment ! !
this is an excellent buy and is a quality item . the service was fast and the card works as expected
a lot of space -- my computer is over 5yrs old so i use these cd 's as a great back up for storing all my old documents , my ebooks , and my pics .
these earphones are the best i ever had . i never had to try other pairs of earphone because i absolutely loved these that i keep buying it ! after 6 years i buy the same one everytime . of course i never use the winding case and it just sits there but heck it usually stores my other earphones that i brought but ca n't seem to throw them out because it costed money . it seems that many people are complaining about the electrical shocks from the earphones and i can answer why thats happening . it 's actually static electricity . i experienced it myself a couple of times because i was wearing a wool sweater and the wool peacoat jacket that caused static electricity to form . it 's actually not the earphones fault but when your wearing lots of clothes or a scarf with the earphones i suggest you switch to headphones to prevent being shocked . the bass is pretty decent when comparied to panasonic or jvc earphones . hey for 10 bucks or less you ca n't except sony to go all out and improve their cheapest model . i abuse my earphones so for 10 bucks a year i think these are the best rather than buying something thats $ 100 dollars or over and later regret it because it got either lost , broken or stolen .
after having two sandisk card readers , and one lacie card reader die on me , i invested in this lexar card reader . for the money , it has worked flawlessy with pro compact flash cards up to 4gb in size . i am very impressed with the transfer speeds , and the unit is not too big for traveling . the door that covers the slot , however , is very flimsy and easily deattaches ( but fortunately easily reattaches too ? ) i use mac os x 10.4.8 and it works just fine . i also used it with windows xp without any installation or transfer issues
a simple , cheap investment . this cf reader actually does what it should , i.e . transfer info from compact flash to the computer . previous kodak 1.0 multi-card reader had issues after a few weeks , and stopped working after 2 months . this one is much faster and is still working . ahhhhh
just some specs missing from amazon 's description :  usb 2.0 compactflash reader  small and travels with ease led status indicator indicates when files are being transferred data transfer speeds up to 480mb/s backward compatible with usb 1.1 ships with removable usb 2.0 cable  features  designed for large data transfers , like images , music and video data transfer 5 to 6 times faster than using usb 1.1 portable - weighs only 1.5 ounces protective cover case keeps reader pins away from external hazards compatible with windows 2000/me/xp and mac os x and 9.1 no drivers required with most current operating systems  2-year limited warranty
i purchased the adorama slinger bag after first purchasing the tamrac velocity 5 . the tamrac bag is a nice bag and can be worn as either a shoulder bag or a waist bag . unfotunately , it lacked sufficient support when worn as waist bag and did not have an attached pouch to carry a water bottle . the slinger bag addressed both of these deficiencies . when worn as a waist bag , it also uses the shoulder strap to keep the bag firmly in place which also helps to balance the weight of the bag . there are two water pouches on the slinger bag ( which is a real requirement as i live in arizona ) . the adorama slinger bag is a great travel bag . it is light weight and has great utility . i highly recommend it .
this was the least expensive 1 gb memory card i have ever seen and it works as well as it should
i have been trying to find a way to easily carry a lot of camera equipment for quite some time . i have tried backpacks , shoulder bags , duffel bags , but none of them really worked all that well . then i saw the lowepro street and field system with completely customizable pouches , vests , belts , and accessories . it works great , you only get the pouches you need so there is no waisted space and you can organize them however you want according to how often they are used ( put frequently used items in easier to access places . )  the variety alone of this system is worth the investment , but the quality and ease of use is also very high which is a big plus . you can get a case for any lens , camera body , or accessory you have . i even have cases for my cell phone and water bottle . one word of caution , be sure to measure your lens with the lens hood on backwards if you use them to make sure that the entire thing will fit into the pouch , because sometimes the lens will fit , but then the lens with the lens hood will not . i often carry 5-6 lenses , extension tubes , teleconverters , extra memory cards and batteries , and a bunch of cleaning supplies and other gadgets , which weights a ton . but when they are evenly distributed on this vest/belt lowepro system it is actually very manageable . the only down side is that everyone will be staring at you because you have thousands of dollars of camera equipment strapped to your body . but if you can overlook that , this is the way to go . i have used this system at many zoos without ever having problems , in fact just unzipping a single lens and switching seems safer to me than opening an entire bag of equipment every time you want to switch lenses . many of the cases also come with a built in rain/snow cover so if the weather changes all of your equipment is not destroyed . you can also put just a few pouches on a normal belt when you are just going to take photos in the back yard or do n't need to take all of your equipment , which is nice . i really ca n't say enough about how much easier this makes traveling with a lot of equipment , if you have been hopelessly searching for a better solution , consider this , you wo n't regret it .
great for if you are not near a computer and need to charge your ipo
the memorex dvd + r 16x discs are great . i have a lacie external 16x burner that i use with my mac and i have not yet burned a bad disc . i would reccommend this product to anyone looking for lots of media for a good price
manufactured of a soft gray felt like material , a tough leather bottom , and draw string closure at the top , this lens pouch helps protect your lens from dust and the elements . i store my lenses in a camera bag , and these cases fit nicely around the lens taking up little precious space . this case is meant for use with the canon 16-35mm f/2.8l usm , 17-40mm f/4l usm , 10-22mm f/3.5-4.5 ef/efs lenses . these l lenses normally come with the case when sold new . there is no need to buy one as amazon often suggests . however if your case is worn , replacing it to protect your lens is recommended . pros : protects your glass investment  cons : i can not think of an
this cf card is perfect for anybody who needs a high capacity ( e.g . for hi-res pics ) but does n't care about the transfer speed . it may be a bit annoying though - especially if you try to download all the 2gbs from the card to your hard drive because it takes some time . i do still consider it a real good purchase ;
this memory card handles the job really well . unless maybe you 're a professional sports photographer , it 's plenty fast enough . no problems using it with my canon rebel xt . it holds about 550 pictures ( jpegs ) at the highest resolution ( 8.2 mp )
i have only had this monitor for a couple of day 's but i am verry happy with it . it came well packaged and you cant beat the price . i shopped around and this was the one for me . i dont know about the other review but with in 5 min of opening the box i was using the monitor and it worked verry well ! ! thank 's amazon
i had a little trouble getting my system to recognize it when first set up...but after a little tweaking , it works beautifully . previously owned regular crt...what an improvement ! superb clarity and brightness . for the money you just ca n't go wrong with this one
i use the pink circles to buff the cd/dvd , and it leaves the circular marks all over the cd , as i thought it would . well , i thought that those marks would disappear after i used the repair paste with the yellow circles , but they 're still there . is it supposed to be like this ? the reason i bought the thing was to make the cds look like new , but now they just look even more scratched with the buffer marks all over . could someone answer this question for me please
with boys aged 2 & 3 , and some poor disc storage procedures when i 'm driving , it appeared i was in need of one of these units . generally my toddler boys are not permitted to handle discs , but it occassionally happens , and does n't take long for scratches , damage and finger prints to hinder performance , and when changing children 's cds in the car i do n't always store the disc properly and that leads to damage also . i read through a lot of reviews on this item and the skipdoctor products , and finally decided on this unit because it runs on a/c power , is fully contained and automatic , and was about $ 10 less expensive than the most equivalent skipdoctor unit . both items had mixed reviews - mostly positive , but i found that most people who tried to make the units work and put in some time and effort were satisfied with both products . i 'm very satisfied with my purchase it has repaired two discs that could not be played at all , and one that skipped . this product repairs a disc to " useable " condition , it does not repair it so that scratches are not visible . i can still see , but not necessarily feel the scratches . it 's also important to remember that some scratches do not affect performance . if a disc plays well , but shows scratches - i just clean off the finger prints with a cloth or use the unit to clean the disc and see if the performance is satisfactory before attempting a full repair . i agree that the instructions with the unit could be better . i saved the instructions provided by another reviewer to use with the provided instructions for clarity . also , some severely scratched and damaged discs do take many passes to repair , so i agree it is time consuming to acheive a full repair for some items - but it is possible . i noticed that i could cut down some of the repair time and solution usage by repeating the buffing/sanding ( pink disc ) process several times in a row for deeper scratches before using the repair . i ran one disc through 3 times in a row , then used the repair cream solution with yellow pads and it played fine . my lesser damaged disc only required one pass with the buffer and one with the repair until it worked great . i usually clean the disc ( manually with the cloth or with the machine depending on severity of grime ) , then buff , then repair . it can be time consuming to repair a disc to functioning , but it does save the disc and my discs play like new despite the scratches that are still visable . i think this was good purchase and not overly complicated to use .
so far i havent filled up my disc yet using it . the disc that came with it would fill up after 3 minutes of talking . so far its great
i 've read other reviews for this product that have people complaining about losing their data when the batteries are changed . this is not true if you 're carefull . first of all , my ebookman came with a bright blue warning flier stating that your ebookman needs to be turned off when you change the batteries . pretty simple , huh ? also , do n't wait for your battery to completely die before you change it . the main menu screen has a battery meter in the bottom right hand corner , and i just switch out the batteries when the meter reaches 10 % . i primarily use my ebookman to read ebooks and i love it
i 've been using these memorex cd-rs for years and have no problems with their reliability . have used them with multiple cd and dvd burners without compatibility issues . this was another re-order and i continue to be happy with this product
the product arrive to me in very good condition , will recommend this product to anyone who needs blank cd
for the most part i just want to keep it short . i usually always by energizer cause they 're reasonably priced and seem to last much much longer then most other battery products that i have used in the past
these batteries are great , and seem to fit my rio 500 better than some discount batteries . good price too
i have been using this d-link hub for about six months . the power light started flickering after about three months and now does n't light at all . the hub works great , but i wonder how long it will last
i use my usb hub every day and it works fine with every device i plug into it
i 'm very happy with this product . it 's great value for the price . the corded phone with answering machine means there 's always a phone that 's not dead and perfect for the home office area . the cordless phone can be used to check the answering machine messages . lot 's of features
the unit itself works great . much faster transfers than using the usb cable directly to my camera . however , the software includes a " monitoring " feature , which checks every second or so , to see if you 've plugged in a card . i opened up windows task manager to discover that , each time it checked , it was consuming 25 % of system resources ( on/off each second ) . no wonder my computer has been slower lately , especially if i have my image editing software open ( duh ) . my recommendation would be to skip the san disk software and access the card reader directly from my computer , as mentioned in another review below
great quality , excellent construction and strong rj45 plugs . i have worked with a decent share of cat5 and i have never had to cut and terminate a belkin cable due to regular wear and tear
my husband & i searched & searched for dvd 's that were compatable to our dvd recorded . no one could help . then i thought , " i 'll just check on amazon , " and sure enough there they were ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! what a relief ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! i would hate to own a dvd recorder & not be able to record anything ! ! ! ! ! thank you ! ! !
this unit is a good buy . it is priced low , but functions like you paid a higher price . the negatives are that it is n't compatible with itunes , and the earphones are not very ergonomically designed . overall , it is a good product
i 'll try to keep this short and sweet . if you have been frustrated trying to get am reception on the go , then you 've found the right radio for you . i ca n't tell you how many pieces of junk i 've bought that barely pulled-in even relatively close am stations unless i constantly twisted the radio to the perfect angle needed to get reception . luckily ( ? ) those other radios also died pretty quickly . this sangean product solves the am reception problem and seems very durable . i also own their ccradio and this pocket product lives up to its reputation . i love the fact that it also gives you the option to broadcast through the built-in speaker , just like transistor radios of the 50 's and 60 's--a seemingly forgotten feature . as for listening through the supplied earphones , forget it . sangean should be ashamed to ship this product with the utter junk earphones that are supplied . never have i heard tinnier sound , even for am listening . not not mention that the cord is annoyingly short . i immediatey invested another $ 35 in decent pair of koss earbuds and stored the supplied earphones in the neareast trash bin . now i happily and easily listen to am and fm stations even over the roar of the lawnmower . there might be alternatives for those of you who plan on listening to fm exclusivey , but if you spend even a little time on the am dial , i really do n't think you have a choice but to pick up this radio
sound great . nice bank for the buck . did the i-plop follower think they would fit inside his ear ? maybe he is bitter with the drm and i-tune scam that job 's is screwing people over with . he 's worse than microsoft . i " love " followers
this was my second dlo transpod . i had an older white one that i bought used . i figured i would " upgrade " to this one since my ipod and my car 's interior are black . overall the thing performed similarly to my previous one , but with a few little changes . for one the output of this unit is much lower than its older counterparts . that normally does n't matter if you choose a good empty frequency , but as you start traveling you notice interference much more than you would expect . next , i ca n't turn it up any where near the volume i used to be able to on the older one without getting hissing and static . it seems that the decreased level on the output also increased the amount of electronic noise when using it . last , the most annoying part of this whole product , is that it turns off the radio transmitter after a period of no use . i have paused my ipod to take a phone call only to have very loud ( since the level is so low on it you have to make up for it with stereo volume ) static and sometimes radio stations coming through . very embarrassing . or when you stop your car and then come back , as soon as the radio turns on you are met with the same very loud noise . since my car does n't leave me many options for stereo replacement , this is the best product for my specific situation , though i may try and get that old one back from my friend...maybe an " upgrade " to a newer one will settle the deal
you must have received ca-709 ( without the cassette component ) by mistake . ca-706 is prepackaged with the cassette component
worked perfectly . battery does not run low after a few hours off the base
i use this keyboard at work and as i am a medical transcriptionist , it is all i use all day l o n g . . .i really like it and i 'm going to buy one for my home as well . it is very easy to type on and i like the wrist support
this receiver is a replacement for an older , more expensive , defective sony that i had . it was easy to install and performs comparably well with more expensive units . i am satisfied with the product
the reviews sounded too good to be true . the reviews are right on . this system is perfect for home theater . i have the latest panasonic plasma . this receiver is the perfect compliment . here is why.. . i could only start with at 2.1 set up - l/c/r and no sub woofer . great digital sound effects with a one button switch to stereo for easy comparison . tons of input/output connectors . unless you need hdmi , the available connectors are perfect . the speaker connectors are screw down/banana plug type for easy , secure connection . lots of component video , s-vhs and rca video inputs . lots of analog audio connections and two digital coax and one optical . i use the digital coax for my dvd/cd and for my cable box . really easy set up . i could assign inputs to the various selections through the front of the receiver . the manual is written in easy to understand language with lots of pictures . did i mention the sound . frys offers polk audio r15 for an indecently low price . with this receiver the sound is rich - great bass and treble without any tweaking of levels . adding a cerwin vega center channel brought out the digital sound effects and this has them all . best of all , my fashion master wife pulled the receiver out of the box before i got home and pronounced it beautiful . it was the only low profile receiver i could find that fit in the armoire we use as an enterntainment station . the end result - i sat down and just watched hellboy for the first time all over again in the middle of the installation . all for less than the cost of me and the missus going to the movies for a few weekends . get this receiver
this item does exactly what it 's suppose to do . it also makes the signal stronger therefore you get better reception . worth the money . only drawback would be , there is a lot of cord hanging around
the sony ss-mf650h are a low-cost solution to good directional sound for a very small room . though i have not had the opportunity to test the ultra-high ( up to 50khz ) frequency , the highs on these speakers sound very well , maybe only slightly boxy - note that the speakers are rather directional so the sound does not spread . the sound is very flat . the lack of depth makes it feel as if the sound is coming from a flat wall or a small box rather than from a space , especially if you stand further away ( over 5 ft. ) from the speakers . it seems that the speakers have a much lower than published sensitivity level . however , do n't get discouraged because with most speakers/headphones it may be that the speakers need some time to burn in ( loosen the diaphragm ) to get a bit more " sustain " to their output rather than seem to have a very sharp cutoff . the bass is very punchy , and not deep . i would definitely recommend a subwoofer for these speakers , as their highs are very good , and midranges are nice but maybe a bit flat . the subwoofer will party compensate for the problem , and you could even completely cut off the bottom frequency band and suffer little ill effect ( use the lfe on your receiver for the sub-woofer... do n't worry , low frequency bass is not perceived by humans as directional so your surround or stereo wo n't suffer ) . in other words , you will need a lot of tweaking and additions to make these sound nicer than their out-of-the box quality . ignore the 50khz rating for ultra-high-frequency sound as a positive feature , as no receiver you will buy at the budget for these speakers will be rated for that output . most are rated for 20 hz - 20khz , at a reasonable rms . you get what you pay for... for the price tag on them , the ssmf650h are good . they perform reasonably well on highs and mids ( but in no means studio reference sound ) , and are crisp and punchy on the bass . they do however seem to lack depth and have low sensitivity - especially so on the bass... the further you move away from them ( and especially if you stand up above them ) , the sound quality suffers . i would recommend wharfedale diamond 8.4 speakers as a better choice if you 're willing to expand your budget a bit . polk is also not a bad choice for cheap sound . i also demo-ed the ~ $ 100 per pair cat sdat leb-404 ( i think i saw them on overstock for $ 80 with free shipping ) . they are a bit shady , but excellent for the price - seems that the 20 hz bass rating on them is actually somewhat accurate . if you 're looking for deep and bass-heavy sound without a sub-woofer , and are willing to take a hit on mids and highs a bit this is your " budget solution " instead of the ss-mf650h . i was pleasantly surprised . they also have poor sensitivity though , so if you have a big room shop around for something better .
i listen to a wide range of music , from hard rock , techno/electronic , to classical , and i 've found it difficult to locate reasonably priced speakers that can handle all of this -- at least until i ordered this set . i was apprehensive about buying online ( and also about the sony brand for speakers ) , but i 'm very happy with this purchase . i 've been very impressed with the sound both at the high and low ends - the highs are crisp and the bass is tight , not boomy . the soundstage is expansive ( of course , this depends a lot on your receiver as well ) and imaging good . i 'd definitely recommend this speaker set
this first time i use the hd product in my home video system and have the expected results . after i installed it and it immediately scan all the signal channels in my local area and have good quality . so far i place the antenna in door just in the first floor . i do n't have too many channels in my living area in oh
i bought my player sep 2006 and the other region-free code did not work . it is actually a dvd-224m ( see manual ) though it says dvd-224 on the player . here is how to do it :  if you have the dvd-224m model ( says dvd-224 on the box , dvd-224m on the manual... ) , the hack is :  make sure you have no dvd in the tray . on the remote control : 1 ) press " title " 2 ) press " 1 " and then " 9 " on the tv a large box with a small number will appear . the number indicates for which dvd region the machine has been set , for example " 2 " for germany or " 0 " for no region code . 3 ) press the up arrow or down arrow to raise or lower the number . 4 ) press " enter " done .
worked very well as planed just heavy to carr
i would have given it a five star but sense it 's the only one i have ever used i had nothing to compare with . i have used it nine tines and it worked perfect every time . sturdily made .
the idea is excellent , the execution is flawed . what is not made clear at the time of purchase is that you will need a bridge or gaming adapter as well as a high speed internet connection at home . the adapter should be built into the box . another disappointing factor is that the quality of the video is almost unwatchable if the connection is not robust . there should be a cache memory built in so that a clear , unchoppy video and sound come through .
one of the best gadget-products i 've ever bought . the installation and connection was completely flawless . it worked the first time and has been working since ( and i even used the powerline ethernet adapter to connect back to my router ) . i have my cable tv on one input and my security system on the secondary input . using my cellular data connection on my laptop , i can watch tv or look at my security system from anywhere in the country
box worked perfectly as expected . however , it would be nice to be able to upgrade firmware to the new hd like performance or via a trade-in program to allow old customers to upgrade to the new sling boxes
this box is perfect to have all the basic ipod accesories at once . i have the 60 mb video ipod and all the accesories works perfect
( despite some of the negative reviews of this item , it continues to perform well with my regular-sized ipod . in fact , it has more volume , depth , and presence than three other portable speakers--each costing 50 to 75 % more--to which i 've compared it . the only downside is that the item is no longer sold postage-free from amazon , diminishing its " bargain " appeal somewhat . )  these modest-sized and priced speakers perform as advertised : the sound is more than adequate ; they 're small enough that i can take the stephen colbert report with me on walks ; when not in use , they fold up into a mini porta-john . my only misgiving is whether i should have spent 2-3x more for a unit with a dock connector . but for under twenty bucks you simply wo n't find a better sounding , more compact unit
i liked these speakers they are small compact they work great with my mp3 player and you ca n't really beat the price . my only complaint is that they do n't come with an adapter but i just bought rechargeable batteries and the system work great i use them everyda
these headphones are lightweight , fairly comfortable , and sound head and shoulders better than any pair of $ 20 headphones i 've ever heard . here are the aspects people always want to know about :  bass : these do n't pound your eardrums in , but the bass that is there is infinitely cleaner and snappier than some of those boomy headphones i 've heard . you can really follow the bass line with these , rather than just having your eyeballs fuzz out from vibration . mids/highs : this is the reason to buy these headphones . not too bright , but very clear , warm , smooth , soothing , and musical . the first time i listened to music on these i was able to pick out the click of the pick against the guitar string , something i 'd never heard before on that song . in fact , i blame these headphones on my new addiction to , well , headphones . these obviously ca n't play as loudly as $ 200 headphones , and lack a little of the very lowest and very highest reach , but everything in the middle is very good . i do n't think you can find headphones that are this nice to listen to for under $ 100 . and being under $ 20 , you can buy a pair to try without feeling like you might be wasting a lot of money . i should go work for these guys or something = )
i was wondering if anyone knew if this hub would work for linking xbox 's together so you can have more than 4 people play at once . i know that i could link 2 with a crossover cable but i want to link 4 together so that i can have a gigantic 16 player halo match ( it 's a very popular xbox game for those who do n't know
nothing much to say about them . they 're high quality high speed rewritable discs that do what they are supposed to do . i 've been using these kind of rewritable discs for a while now and i have n't had any problems with them what so ever even when i burn at higher than 10x . they come with cases too so you wo n't have to worry about scratching the cds
i matched this model number up with the phone i have , and it is a perfect fit for the phone and for me . i stay on the telephone for lengthy conference calls most of my workday , and the headset types that go in the ear ended up causing soreness . this headset sits gently over my head with the earpiece lying on my ear . i 'm told i can be heard very clearly without echo or fadeout . i would highly recommend this headset
i bought this because my windshield suction mount could not be trusted . i 've had it fall off more than once . then you drive around wondering if your $ 700 nuvi is going to fall and break . not fun ! the friction mount works for me . for everyday driving , even aggresive driving , it stays put . someone on this site left feedback about using it with their nuvi 360 and i used their review to make the purchase . i 'm glad i did .
i think this is as good as the expensive over $ 60 hdmi cables . i would n't spend money on the expensive ones . first of all , i 'm not a cable junkie nor an expert . however , according to my research , there 's no difference in performance b/w the expensive version nor the $ 12 , $ 15 , $ 20 version when it comes to hdmi since it 's all digital.. hole buch of zeros and ones . the durability of the cables.. . i do n't know . but unless you 're someone who constantly plugs and unplugs the cables for some reason , it would n't matter . normally , you 'd connect the cable and keep it that way for a long period of time , so the durability is not really relevant . bottomline : this is as good as the expensive ones . i first tried out the expensive monster brand which was $ 85 . then i returned it after purchasing this , for the quality was the same . do n't buy the expensive ones
this is wonderful for laptop users that travel or like to move your laptop around a lot . if i leave my laptop somewhere i hate having to worry about tripping over wires and wires everywhere just look bad . this is really small and compact ! perfect for traveling too . i 've used it for about 8 months now and it hasnt had one problem...it still recoils well
this product is a nice headset that did fit nicely on my ear ( lucky fit i guess ) and was easy to work with . it is compact and feels quite natural for me . not to mention it is designed to work on either ear so in the middle of a conversation you can just change ears
i am pleased with this printer . considering the price , it is a good value . the cartridges are kind of expensive , but i guess most cartridges are these days
pros :  small reliable very good quality with pictures ease of use good software easy install affordable  cons :  ink tends to run out quickly with pictures slow rate of printing usb cable not included  overall : 5 amazonian stars for the average user
this is truly a no-brainer , excellent headphones at a great price , wonderful all around phones , would make a great gift also
i have been using these for a while now and they seem pretty good to me . ( disclaimer : i am not an audio professional , nor do i have any expensive headphones to compare with . )  they have great detail in both low and high end . in fact , i can hear things in some of my music that i never noticed before in either my small speakers or in the several foam on-ear style or earbud styles . this is good when listening to original cds , or hq mp3/aac , but it did reveal some audio glitches and artifacts in lower quality mp3 that i had just not heard before.. . i tested these with a frequency response program on my mac , show as having 25-15,600 hz ( in my ears , your ears may vary... ) . this range is better than most of my other inexpensive headphones and earbuds . they do a good job of blocking out external noises-- great if you are in a bit of a noisy space . and , yes , they were a bit tight on the head initially . to fix that , i got a stack of cd/dvd cases that was a bit wider than my head and allowed these headphones to be expanded by them for several overnight stretches ( pun intended ) . this has helped too lessen the pressure they put on my ears and head to the point that they are now ok to wear for long periods . note : this procedure is at your own risk , as i do not think it is officially endorsed by the mfg . ; - ) do not overstretch them , as the headband material , while flexible , undoubtedly has limits to the stretch it can take . great bargain headphones
not an audiophile , but someone looking to spend a decent amount of money on a quality set of headphones . this product nails all the requirements - great sound , great comfort , well built . i 'll be buying more of these guys for friends and family .
do n't let the reviews fool you . at this price , it 's worth a little research . apparently u3 is annoying a lot of people and the people at u3 have created an uninstall download for you to get . so google it , download it , and buy the usb drive . the size of this usb drive and the fact that you 'll never have to worry about losing the cap along with an excellent price make it worth buying . after you uninstall the u3 software , it works like any other drive . it works great , it just takes you ten minutes of a little extra work . i 'm very satisfied so far and have carried audio , video , and a lot , lot more on a drive the size of a pen cap . brilliant.. .
i bought these headphones a week ago and i am very pleased with them . at the electronic store , i listen to 3 pairs of sennheiser ( hd-433 ; hd-437 and hd-457 ) . i hesitated between the 437 and the 457 but went for the 457 ( 10 more buck $ ) . at the store the sound was ok as they were playing from the sennheiser display rack . when i got home , i plugged these in my computer soundcard jack and the sound was a whole lot better . i am very impressed of the volume and sound quality i can get from them on my computer . my soundcard is an onboard soundmax ac97 on an asus k8v-x motherboard . i set the sound option in windows xp on " headphones " and played " metallica- nothing else matters " with winamp . wow ! ! ! i was really impressed with the bass response and sound clarity in general . i only use half of the volume available in windows xp and it ` s more than enough for me . i do agree with some other reviews that the bass could be more precise but i found out that it varies a lot depending of the sound source you ` re using . the sound is better on my computer than on my harman kardon amplifier and is a lot better on my mp3 player than with the earbuds that came with it . overall , i would say that these headphones are very good for the inexpensive price . they blow away all the competition in the same price range . compared to my old panasonic , it ` s a drastic improvement especially for the bass response . when it comes to music , i love bass a lot but i would recommand to others that you would listen to them from a source that you could adjust the bass level ( bass knob or equalizer ) , so that way you won ` t get too much bass from them . very good headphones ... go get a pair ... at this price you can ` t go wrong . i highly recommand them for computer users ( music , dvd movies and games )
this is one of the best wireless phones i 've had -- good call quality , good speakerphone quality and good range
panasonic makes good quality products and this is no exception . easy to use , very compact , no interference with cordless usage
i bought this phone to replace my older panasonic because i needed a new answering machine . i love that i can retrieve messages from the handset . the handset is a bit smaller than earlier models , but just took some getting used to . would definitely recommend
i picked this up for 50 dollars to replace a 75-dollar uniden that had a sticky " talk " button and muffled sound qaulity . the panasonic blows the uniden away . the sound is clear , crisp , and intimate , the ring selection is varied ( i prefer the nonobtrusive default setting ) . the controls are easy to use . the quality and finish of the materials is high . i am now a loyal panasonic phone buyer
it 's hard to believe the quality of the sound from this very small device . mp3 's sound great as do the voice recordings . with 1 gig of space you can record an entire day of seminar speakers and still have space left . the built in stereo or mono mics are great...plus , you can use it to carry files to and from work . the function buttons are logical and easily accessed , even with my big fingers . priced right , i 'm glad i purchased . received it on time . totally happy with my purchase . my only wish is that it came with a case and a neck or wrist strap . it 's so small it gets tossed into whatever pocket is available and that can lead to scratches from keys , etc
i am a success coach and i record all my coaching calls as a standard practice . this recorder has performed fantastically in all situations . i get about 9 - 12 continuous hours of battery operation ( depending on battery quality ) and the unit captures voices flawlessly during my calls ( i have an adapter for the phone ) . i have used this in a seminar setting and have had great results . i highly recommend using rechargeable batteries ( always have one extra on hand ) when you are going to use the unit for extended periods of time . recharge before your event each day and you wo n't miss a thing . the unit only uses one battery and it 's always a great idea to have a spare . the unit does not audibly warn when the battery is about to expire , so keeping a fresh charge should provide you with uninterrupted recordings . each stop and restart begins a new file . for me that works great ! if you are looking for one continuous file , do not shut it off . you can also buy software that will let you merge the files for your later use . you would be hard pressed to find a better product for the money
a good stuff at great price and as usual amazon was fast to send the item
i decided to replace my iriver 190t after a 3rd party cable adapter malfunctioned and fused the pin connection to the usb cable together . i wanted usb 2.0 for the faster connection and a larger capacity , but still desired standard user replaceable batteries on a flash based player so i picked this up on sale . i may still search for a used iriver 190t after playing with the lyra rd2315 . i like the ruggedness of the 190t a bit more than the rca lyra rd2315 . pros : user replaceable aaa batteries expandable sd slot up to 512 mb decent sound for biking and general yard work screen is able to be positioned at 0 or 180 degrees for easy reading from belt clip/lanyard line in recording and voice for short memos 3 different color backlights for user preference decent battery life  cons : headphones are worthless . placing them in ear prevents clips from holding them in place slow reaction on interface compared to older iriver player " please wait... " belt clip is going to break after minimal usage ( like ink pen cap clips do ) does n't seem like usb 2.0 speed , just normal usb 1.1 no armband or case available  i used firmware 3.11 for my testing after upgrading from version 1.11
when i bought my intel imac w/20 " lcd suddenly everything else looked dull in comparison . this apple 20 " is very close in spec to my imac 20 " screen . stores like best buy do not have good quality 20 + " lcds in yet . you want the 16x9 profile also , the regular square lcds look dorky in comparison and typically have lower brightness and contrast ratios . the newer stuff is very bright and clear . it is obvious when you go to a store and look at the lcd screens . the cheap $ 200 lcds just do n't look good in comparison to the new stuff . intel imac screen : 1680x1050 280 cd/m2 ( brightness in candle power ) 800 : 1 contrast ratio  apple 20 " lcd 1680x1050 250 cd/m2 400 : 1 contrast 14ms response time ( www.apple.com/displays/specs.html )  other comparables : gateway 21 " 1680x1050 $ 599 300 cd/m2 1000 : 1 contrast  dell 24 " 2405fpw $ 800 1920 x 1200 500 cd/m2 1000 : 1 contrast  you should be aiming for at least 300 cd/m2 on brightness and close to 1000 : 1 contrast . these apple lcds have been out for awhile and are starting to show their age in comparison to the brand new products that have just started to come out . if you are using your lcd for a tv you may need the brightness , but for computer work the mac 20 " lcd is just about right . i paid a few $ $ $ more ( $ 750 total price ) for the apple lcd , but i feel i made the correct purchase . i just did n't like the way the others looked and it had to look good against my imac . i actually like this screen better than the one on my imac and it seems just as bright even if the specs say that it is not . amazon also boxes the shipment ( besides the apple box ) so your screen should arrive undamaged
i 've been slowly making my way to the mac side after nearly 15 years of unadulterated windows/dos use . the process has been slow mainly because of the price and availability of apple products : high and scarce . the best thing about apple is that their customer forums are full of people like you and me , and if you have a problem , someone else has most likely had it , too . those forums helped in my decision to purchase this monitor . i had been looking closely at the 23 " monitor . when i read about a majority of the displays getting a pink tint after only a few hours of use , i realized i would either wait until apple re-engineered the monitor , or look at other options . with the 20 " aluminum , i did n't have to look far . i wanted a monitor that would compliment my g4 laptop ( powerbook ) , but i did n't want to break the bank , either . the answer was turning to ebay . $ 600 out the door . mint condition . saved over $ 150 , and the monitor works and looks great ! the 20 " and 30 " models have had no problems . if you can buy them new , go for it . if you can buy new , but would rather spend that extra money on something else , check out the ebay auctions
i was looking for a basic cordless phone with out an answering machine and this one is great . it has good reception and i like the size of it . this phone is just what i was looking for .
these are the best portable headphones in this price range . good bass and smooth , natural sound . in fact they would probably still be the best bang for the buck at three times the price . if you can afford more , consider the sennheiser px100 for about 40-50 dollars . but if you 're on a budget or do n't want to worry about losing or breaking a more expensive pair of headphones , these are definitely the ones to get
excellent mount for the 2 tv 's i 've purchased . was suprised to buy one about a month ago from amazon.com for 149.95 then was able to buy this one for 124.95 . did i pay too much for the first mount ? ollie.......... .
this was needed for my panasonic dvd recorder . works well - hope it holds up as advertised.... looks like high quality and works well . so far - everything is as expected - and that is good
it 's not listed in the product description but the pico works with the ipod mini too . like the other reviewers , i found it easy to setup : tune the radio , turn on ipod , connect the pico , tune the pico , done ) . in my car , the static interference was less noticeable when the unit was placed in close proximity to the radio . i noticed this as well with my home stereo . maybe the next generation pico needs a larger antennae , or my ipod needed charging . regarding sound quality , my other car has a built-in ipod connector . the pico sound quality is comparable , somewhat muted , but enjoyable . the pico does offer the advantage of displaying the ipod menu to select tunes . i 've read mixed reviews on other fm transmitters , but i am pleased with the pico
i ordered this device to sit on a player piano , which can play ipod encoded mp3 files , once they are transferred from the special cds that are designed for the piano . the remote is limited , as are all remotes for ipods , but for the special use i have , this is a great product . it allows me to sit across the room and pause the piano or select the next piece of music
i was looking for an inexpensive , yet high quality , long lasting , and durable way to identify dozens upon dozens of electrical wires behind the instrument panel of my airplane . a fellow pilot made me aware of the family of small electronic labelers available in the marketplace . the brother 1750 fits my needs perfectly . offering two lines of crisp , highly readable print gives a professional appearance to all labeling needs . my experience is quite different than some reviewers who have complained about wasted tape . in fact , i found that little wasted tape is generated if you simply adjust the margins to a particular task and this option is clearly spelled out in the instruction booklet . since i purchased the 1750 , i have found many uses for it around the home office and i wonder how i got by without one in the past ! my only complaint about the keyboard is that among the characters , it does not offer a dash or hyphen , so when one is required , i find myself using a star instead . that is a minor complaint though . the brother 1750 gets considerable mileage on aa battery power alone , so i have not felt the need to purchase the adapter
we recently purchased 4 of these phones and all of them work fine . the cid works perfectly for both lines . the interface/menu takes a few minutes to learn and get used to but i would n't call it " non-intuitive " . the redial button ( as you can see in the picture ) is right above the number pad . if you ca n't find it , you might want to buy a phone with less buttons and less features . and it 's pretty simple to redial a number in the cid display... when you see/get to the number press enter twice ( once to bring up the " menu " , and once more to " dial " ) . in fact you can also save that number into the phone 's memory through the menu ( press enter once and scroll through the options )
at first , i was not sure about if this windshield mounting bracket was going to stay in place while i drive trough the streets . however , i was very surprised when i found out that the bracket stayed put all day going from one place to another , even under some vibration . the suction rubber system is quite strong . it has 2 angles for adjustment , and you can rotate the gps clockwise/counterclockwise . pros : strong suction rubber system , gps mounting system cons : lack of a 4th angle for adjustment ( the gps can only be adjusted in the windshield plane , so you can not turn it towards your face for easy viewing - that 's why i give 4 stars
very strong suction cup provides secure mounting . quick and easy clip in and release for taking the gps with you . product would be better if the pivoting arms were longer and able to swivel sideways . otherwise , this is a well-designed and quality product
the forums speak highly of these units-xr70 , and i was going to get one because of the small form factor . amazon 's description for the height at 2.5 " is incorrect , according to panasonic 's website . should be listed as 3 9/32 " h. makes a difference if you 're short on space
i was paranoid about having buyer 's remorse from this unit . for such a cheap price i was sure i would end up regretting the purchase . what is the tradeoff ? shoot if know , but i have n't regretted buying it one bit . the receiver is perfect for home theater , particularly dd 5.1 shows . there is absolutely no discernable speaker hiss with digital content , which is important for tv watching that has a high range of both loud and silent moments . as for power , it 's not an even match with some of the more power hungry and expensive analog amplifiers out there , but it easily crosses the threshold of annoying the neighbors . digital is something to get used to . on conventional receivers , you turn the sound up high and it becomes somewhat sloppy , or what some call " warm " . not so with the digital panny . it 's distortion free up to very high levels . i would n't call it bright , but the response is very linear and precise . i like hearing all the details in music and cinema , even at loud volume . others do n't . the weaknesses are very minor :  -the fm tuner is nothing special . -it lacks fancy dsp modes of expensive receivers . -no fancy on screen display ( must do most of the tweaking with knobs ) -it does not upconvert video . -the remote control is an el cheapo . for this price , though , who cares
i purchased this receiver from fry 's electronics in san diego , ca for $ 199.99 . at first , i was a little hesitant about purchasing an all digital receiver . when i got it home , and connected it , i was amazed . this receiver will blow you away with the precision of it 's home theater capabilities . i am using four polk r30 's as my fronts , and rear surround , and two sony center channels for my front center , and rear center channels . i also have a klh 10inch tremor series powered subwoofer . i estimate the entire system to cost about $ 650.00 total . i have colleague that has a bose home theater system , and my little system blows his out of the water , and he paid much more for the bose . if you want a great receiver a minimal price , this is the way to go . by the way , did i mention that it has four digital inputs , an optical output , and hdmi in and out connections . buy it ! ! !
the logitech stereo usb noice cancelling headset is awesome.. . i never recieved the one i ordered from ant online , but the one i bought later at walmart owns me
i did a lot of research and finally ended up with this product . 1 ) bose is an excellent piece - but main drawbacks - portability and lack of audio input from other devices  2 ) altec lansing - basically a roun cylinder shaped one and i didnt get that in a black color for my 30 gb black video ipod and the sound wasnt that impressive as bose ( or for that matter logitech mm 50 )  3 ) apple 's ipod dock - its a bulky one , that is definitely not portable and costlier than the bose . i went to bestbuy to listen to everything and logitech mm 50 really outweighs the other ones on these - price , portability and sound quality , yea , its not like bose or apple 's dock - but really good for such a small piece . the only thing i find a little difficult is , i am not able to switch playlists with the remote , its just for play/pause/next/prev and sounds , would 've been completely happy if had all that i could do in the ipod . but , i am very happy with the buy and will definitely recommend to bu
i 've had 2 other fm transmitters ( a belkin and a griffin itrip ) . neither came close to the quality of this transmitter . neither charged the ipod ( the belkin required batteries , which only lasted about 15 hours of use ) , while the itrip worked ok at first , but then started getting static no matter what station i used . in fact , i had to have the ipod in hand for the static to go away ( and then , it was still not clear ) . the sound is n't as loud as some ( it takes over the volume control , so you cant use the volume on the ipod . ) still , it 's not nearly as soft as some i 've seen . i found most music came through at a good volume ( i did adjust a few songs in itunes to pump them up ) . this unit , although it seems cheap and flimsy at first , is able to get a consistant , strong signal , even on stations which usually come in clearly . it powers through them , and the result is a very clean sound . it is a little hard to read at the regular angle , but once you set the 3 presets , you do n't need to see the screen . just set your radio to the same 1-2-3 configuration . also , turning it at a 90 degree angle lets you see the screen much clearer . in all , i could n't be happier
at such low price , this player is really pretty good . it gets the job done , even though the ui is a little bit basic . it can record in dvd + r and dvd-r , and has a 10 hour mode . although in the 10 hour mode , image is not so clear but still pretty good if view on the computer using 320 x 240 resolution . and at such a low price , you can get two or three to record different programs and archive some shows , and it is still cheaper than the media center pc . good thing is the disc is already a dvd playable in any player . no need to burn it as opposed to if you are using tivo or media center pc .
quite acceptable . in line with prior purchases at outlet where pixma was sol
i 've had these headphones for just over two years , and i 'm happy to see that they 're one of the few pairs marketed as " surround sound " that have done quite well . the reason behind that is because they 're truly excellent headphones . the range is spectacular and the inputs even more so . you 're given the option of rca and toslink ( optical ) , which is all you really need . movies really do sound like movies...you hear things behind , in front , and to your left and right when you 're connected via optical . take note that dts also sounds 'boomier ' and a tad crisper than dolby d does , especially in gladiator . honestly , i 've nothing to complain about . as a college guy , i could n't bring my 1010 watt system from home . which , i might add , never sounded as good as my headphones , mostly because headphones will always have the advantage of being closer to you physically . listening to music at extremely high bit rates and using the optical connection from my macbook pro truly does some incredible things . you 'd be amazed at coldplay 's " the scientist " if you heard it on these headphones . it 's indescribable . and by the way , i 'm a slight audiophile . you seriously ca n't go wrong with these headphones . and $ 65 for each additional pair of headphones , allowing you to add as many as you want to one base station ? even better...good idea for families in apartments . incredibly advanced technology , incredible sound , and incredible results . ca n't go wrong here . oh , and they 're extremely comfy
i just recently purchased the quickcam stx for my sister who lives overseas in greece . it 's a great way for us to connect especially since we only see each other on an annual basis . surprisingly , the video and audio is quite good . i do have a mac and she does n't have any issue calling me from her pc . we use aol instant messenger ( video and audio ) or yahoo messenger ( video ) to connect . i still prefer the isight for macs . unfortunately , you ca n't use an isight on a pc . wish apple could make the isight compatible with pc 's . anyhow the stx is a great cam for what it 's worth .
this samll web cam is doing a great job connecting my families overseas . the flexible shoe is really handy and the image and voice quality is beyond my expectation
have had no problems with this item , and it 's a good price for the powered kind of usb hubs , which i have found are pretty necessary for most usb items .
i found the sound fantastic . just got these after usinf shure e3s for about a year . i liked those but find these even better . when i first tried them i found the base so much stronger than the e3s as many have alluded to . now i run my ipod at normal equalizer settings . i find the balance of the set dead on . the fit is great , of course your milage may vary . in fact they are so good at excluding air conduction that bone conduction becomes very noticable . this means when i walk with them i can hear my footsteps . this would be a real problem if i jogged ( low impact workouts such as elipticals and bicycles are not affected )
this is my second fm transmitter and works much better than the belkin that i ended up returning because it simply was n't working . it plugs firmly into my cigarette lighter and stays there , unlike the belkin ( i drive a 2001 bmw 325ci ) . it is easy to use with the preset fm stations . it works right out of the box , you 'll be ready to go within seconds . the sound is crisp , with some static interference , which can be expected in a big city . unmounting my car 's antenna helps a little but does n't completely cure the interference . i have a factory bmw business radio which picks up fm signals pretty much without an antenna . there is nothing to mount the ipod so you 'll either have to set it in your cup holder or purchase a case separately . i would n't spend more than $ 45 on any fm transmitter as there will always be minor interference in urban areas . i wo n't be getting rid of my cd changer just yet
i have had my axim x51v for about three months . i purchased it from dell for $ 480 with aluminum hardcase , extra 1100mah battery , and auto power cord . strengths : just about everything . the processor is absolutely incredible . i heard ( unconfirmed ) that the intel 624 mhz pxa270 is faster than a 2ghz pentium 3 ! it sure seems like it . this pda blazes through movies , photos , games , word processing , and anything else i can throw at it . the other definite high point for this pda is the screen . once you see a vga screen like this , you will be astounded at the difference it can make over a qvga screen . i have to get about 4 inches from the screen to even see the pixels . the screen is crystal clear . the battery life is phenomenal , even with the standard low capacity battery . playing a movie at full brightness and full volume will last about 2 hours , extended to about 4.5 hours on low brightness and headphones . turned off with a 1gb sd card drains the battery about 2 % per day . wifi is amazing . it connects consistently and is moderately easy to set up . once connected , it keeps the signal well and is , while not fast , reasonable for speed just about everything on this pda is almost perfect . weaknesses : not enough programs to start with , windows media player 10 ( download tcpmp , it 's way better )  problems : do n't use odyssey client , it makes the pda start up really slow . also , in activesync , on the pda , select menu , add server source . on all of the screens , put random characters in each field , and deselect any check boxes that tell it what to synchronize . then go to menu , schedule and select manual for both . then go to menu , options , and delete the entry that you just added ( the one that has no boxes under it checked ) and delete it . it fixes a myriad of problems and makes the pda run faster , and it still syncs automatically in the cradle . conclusion : an awesome pda that does just about everything . combine it with a bt keyboard and perhaps even a bt mouse , and you have an unbeatable combination of power and portability . everything works extremely well
this phone has noticably greater range and clarity than our other wireless phones . the message center works well , and the intercom feature is useful . the phone is a little small , and similar to cell phones rather than a house wireless phone . there are two generic rechargable nicad batteries , i think they will be easier to find than some of the packaged nicads that come with most wireless phones
this phone is small , great battery life , awesome range , and no interference . the features are subtstanial and the quality is amazing . from one that has always had uniden cordless phones this is a substantial upgrade .
i bought one version from best buy , then i bought another with different buttons , then i bought this platinum one because its so cool looking , just make sure you save the code
sent check for full price fairly promptly , but not including tax , which ads say they will d
best earphones i ever had . better then sony mdr-ex51lp fontopia headphones . 2 years warranty
earbud fit system is comfortable , seals out noise , for many ear canal sizes . sound is great
i 'm very pleased with this camera . i updated it with the new drivers and software on the creative site ( from january 2006 ) immediately and i have not had any of the problems others mention . the image quality is excellent with good lighting and the camera is fast since it is a true usb 2.0 camera . it will work with usb 1 , but be sure you use usb 2.0 for better quality . video calls run a bit choppy if there is a lot of movement , but for basic conversations , it is fine . i use 8 mbs cable and i connect with people using the same or high speed dsl . this camera takes great video & photos and has an excellent one click panoramic option that does all of the stitching for you . if you want to take a large group shot , it is really cool . the other features like security and remote monitoring are very useful as well . i do n't use the face tracking . the base deserves a mention too . i use this on my notebook and on my desktop . it 's cool that the base works with both notebook screens and on flat surfaces . highly recommended for the price now with the current rebate amazon is offering
i wanted a combo and this seems to be the best one on the market now days . the mouse is very good , a tad small , but still very comfortable . not as good as logitech    mx ( tm ) 500 for my hand ( i 'd say i have a medium size hand ) , but still a very solid product . side buttons are very useful . no need to install any additional drivers for xp if you are ok with the default behavior . just plug it in and use . the keyboard is so-so . it is not bad , but just not very comfortable , especially compared to microsoft keyboards . ( i use microsoft 4000 for work and it really shines ) . the labeling is very small , insert/delete keys are not standard and i hate vista ready button , if you hit it in the middle of the game you are lucky not to crash . would i buy it again ? yes . would i recommend it ? yes , but with some reservations .
why settle for less , when you can get a brand new original panasonic or samsung 42 inch plasma tv for free ! i got mine from this web site : awesomestufffree.com/plasma-t
like most people here , i found the bose triport headphones to have excellent sound but the plastic on mine also broke in the recess next to the earcups . what i found is that this is caused by the tension of the headband frame pushing into the plastic . in fact , the plastic broke from just sitting in my drawer for a week with the headband fully extended . my recommendation is to store these headphones with the earcups fully retracted , to reduce the tension of the headband frame on that piece of plastic . bose replaced them with no hassles , no receipt , no registration , just sent them back and got a brand new pair . i think that was well worth the money spent over 2 years ago
i recently received the zen microphoto as a gift . since i travel fairly often , i decided to purchase the traveldock after reading the reviews . it 's great . the microphoto fits in easily and comes out just as simply . the sound is rich , loud enough , and better than any other travel speakers that i own . many people comment on the bass issue . for travel speakers , the traveldock has the best bass to date , in my opinion . true bass enthusiasts could purchase the subwoofer ( for an additional $ 60 from creative 's website ) . i 'm very satisfied with the sound and the convenience . the jacks are easy to reach and use , which are on the back of the unit . also , the microphoto charges while docked , whether it 's playing or not . there 's even an attachable fm antenna that plugs in to give you reception when docked ( since you are not using the earphones which serve as an antenna also ) . by the way , it comes with a remote control which allows you to switch between fm and mp3 's , adjust volume , and play/pause/ff/rew . overall , this is a very nice addition to the zen microphoto .
again , creative labs has combined all you need into one package : line in jack , usb port , fm antenna , and even a jack for a sub-woofer ! for a small portable speaker , this system gets pretty loud and clear . the stereo effect button works great , the design is very stylish and the remote is a nice finishing touch . now for the cons ; like most reviewers,i too , have to say the bass is lacking a bit , and the stand has a bit of trouble holding the speakers up due to small rubber feet that doesnt grip very well . and the last thing is the speakers itself doesnt have any grill or guard on it and it looks like it could be damaged easily , but these are minor things i can overlook and all in all for the price , this speaker system is very good . i tried the altec lansing portable speakers for the same price and i returned it the next day . it didnt even get half as loud without distortion and it didnt have as many cool features either . right now , im using the speakers with the zen nano plus and it works great ! im saving up for the zen micro now and if it sounds good with the nano , then i know the traveldock will sound amazing with the micro that it was intended for . one more thing , if your going to use the line-in cable for a device other than the zen micro , be sure to insert the black end of the cable into the device your want to play and the white end into the speakers line-in jack . i read a reviewer who said the speakers sounded tinny like a transistor radio and its because she had the wrong ends of the cable attached . i did it myself and i figured it out . unlike the reviewer who returned the speakers before taking the time to learn how to use it before returning it and giving it a bad review . i love these speakers and i even use them for my t.v and they sound great for that too
i bought these speakers based on price because i just wanted to get some budget speakers to start off with on my home theater . it turns out that these speakers have amazing sound quality easily rivaling speakers that cost 10x the price . i really ca n't find one bad thing to say . even at high volumes they have a crystal clear pristine sound . the sub woofer pumps a nice rich heavy bass . take advantage of the low price on these speakers , you wo n't find a better deal . i 'm using these speakers with a harman kardon avr 240 receiver and i also have two polk r15 's as my front left and right
nice little system but only 4 ohms so doesnt handle a lot of power . good sound for an apartment
for the cost , you ca n't go wrong with these speakers from jensen . we love them , and in shopping around found them to be one of the best home theater values . the sound is great , and the speakers are perfect for just about any home theater need
purchased this iterm for my hp8450 printer . pictures are outstanding and the cartridge does the job.only problem is the cartridge gets eaten up in no time at all . cost per print no bargain . problem is n't with the catridge , but with the printer and print process . now we know why hp has printers at such reasonable price . they eat you up and spit you out via the price of cartidges . that 's where the real profit lies . amazon is tops in price and service delivery
about 2 1/2 years ago i finally got into the digital age . i began printing my own pictures and have tried every brand of photo paper out there ( kodak , hp , store brands , etc . etc. ) . by far , the most superior paper is canon . they make fabulous photo paper that is reasonably priced and prints great photos . i did a wedding album using canon photo paper and the couple i gave it to thought that the photos were as good as the photographer they 'd hired , which speaks volumes to the quality of canon paper . i 'd highly recommend that people use this brand . you wo n't be sorry
echoing most other reviews here , this is an excellent set of earphones that are well worth the money . but buying them is a risk ! if you do n't wear these earphones correctly , they sound terrible , easily shown up by any pair of throwaway phones . those unsatisfied with the sound quality ( especially those complaining of lack of bass ) either have n't put them in correctly or have oddly shaped ears . learning how to put them in properly takes time . be prepared to spend a few hours fiddling with them and trying the different included cushions . once you teach yourself how to put them in , it will only take a few seconds . some tips : before inserting the earbuds , draw the phones up from behind your ear , holding the earbuds in the correct orientation ( drivers pointing medially ) , so the wires fall naturally between your head and pinna and the earbuds are just outside your ear canals . with one hand , pull the superoposterior part of the pinna in a superoposterior direction while inserting the earphone with the other . this straightens the ear canal and makes it easier to insert the earphone . ( your doctor uses the same maneuver when he/she examines you with an otoscope . ) you may also wish to twist the earphone during insertion so that it lodges itself better . if the phones are properly inserted , they will have sealed your ear canals and you may want to relieve pressure via your eustachian tubes ( that is , swallow ) , just as on a climbing plane or skyscraper elevator . it may seem like it takes a lot of work ( and possibly learning a bit about anatomy ) to get these earphones to work as intended . it does , and success is not guaranteed . but it 's worth it ! and to save your hearing , do n't forget to turn down the volume , since your music will no longer have to compete with outside noise
this was the largest set that would fit into my space . i also looked at the westinghouse 37 inch hd moniter at best buy . the first time , i looked at the westinghouse the picture looked a bit fuzzy . then i read the review on cnet which said the westinghouse picture was actually better than the sharp . i went back to best buy and asked the sales person if the picture on the westinghouse could be improved . he said it was as it good as it could be . he than said the sharp was twice the price of the westinghouse , so i should expect a better picture on the sharp.in any event , i purchased the sharp on amazon during the recent electronic express sale . on hd , the picture is amazing . it 's also quite good on regular tv . my only regret is that toshiba has just come out with a 37inch lcd with a dvd built in . if i had known , i would have waited to check out that model
we bought 3 of these and every one has dead pixels . it 's not a ton , but one monitor has three that are red in the center of the screen , and other has a few that are bright green in the corner . not a huge deal , but there are some in all 3
this is my second purchase of these speakers.they provide great sound especially for the price.my kids use them with their computers and ipods.i recommend them to everyone
really do n't think you can get better sound for your dollar . not only look cool , but sound great . have only had for two months , but no issues .
before i bought this product , i was contemplating which brand name hard drive i should go with . i was told seagate was top of the line . it truly is . no problems at all , easy to setup and use , and a fair price . i highly recommend seagate over any other brand name ( i 've heard problems with other brands )
this is a great little piece of hardware . i bought it for my mp3 's and movies , and i 'm very pleased . it 's totally " plug-n-play " ; there are n't even any drivers that need updating , assuming you have xp up to par . it gives 160gb ( well , 149 in actuality ) of space to work with . after moving nearly 50 gigs over to it at once , on the first day , it froze up . after that minor incident , i 've had no problems , though , and my machine runs alot faster because of it . with my 100g of music already on it , i 'm very happy with it . it has given me no fuss--it does n't even give me any noise ! it 's as silent as a fart , and that 's a big plus . i found mine at wal-mart for $ 114 and i think that i made a good purchase . if you 're on a budget , this is about as good as it gets . seagate 's 300gb is also highly recommended , as i 've worked with it before . a +
this drive is whisper quiet , easy to install and use , and in my experience , plenty fast . i recently encoded my cd collection in flac format and am using this drive to store files . i also used foobar2000/lame to convert the flac files to mp3 , all on this drive . during the process of converting the files , which is pretty io-intensive , i found the drive to be completely reliable and the speed to be more than adequate
i purchased this radio to keep on my kitchen counter . i chose boston acoustics over tivoli because you ca n't preset the stations in the tivoli and i like to flip through commercials . other reviewers wrote that the bass can be overpowering . i listen to rock music and do not notice the bass . my complaint is that this radio advertises itself as picking up weak stations very clearly . it does not pick up stations much better then the other radios in my house . also if you are listening to the radio you ca n't see the time display . this radio is great if you have limited space . it looks good and sounds like a much larger radio . it has a lot of power for a small radio .
excellent accessory , portable and you do not have to apply anything permanent to your vehicle....highly recommended
wow ! now i can transfer all i have in my pc to my cellphone . it 's awesome.. . i need no cable to transfer stuff from my pc to my cellphone and from my cellphne to my pc . you can get this item in a very special price . get it ! !
i own a set of older martin logan speakers . their quality is legendary with a price to match . so i was interested in maximizing performance . when i called their office for advice , one of the tech guys ( excellent service , by the way ) told me the monster banana plugs were great , not the best or most expensive available , but a good value . that was enough for me . my speakers are bi-wired so i purchased two sets of four plugs . installation was a snap and the sound is wonderful . add to that the free shipping , no tax and a total price saving of $ 12.00 and you ca n't do better than amazon !
this ai n't cheap , but it 's worth it . i 've learned my lesson buying cheaper toner cartridges , but they do n't even come close to the quality and longevity of the brother brand . you get what you pay for. .
no problems with these , and great price at amazon
this is an awesome little mp3 player . i enjoy both the mp3 player and the fm radio . it is very easy to use and syncs well with windows media player . it is perfect for going to the gym because it is so small . it came with a great leather case that fits it well and prevents damage and scratches . my only problem with the player is that i ca n't fit more than 66-69 songs although it says there is about 70mb of space left on the player
i 've been using this router for a few days . i just had to set it up - i have n't had any cause to touch it since , it 's very reliable . highly recommended
unit works about as expected , with possible exception of a few areas of the screen that are not too sensitive to the touches from the stylus . so far i am working around that . this is my 3rd deluxe and the 1st one to give any operational problem of any sort . generally a good product
yeah , so apparently this was a really good pda to buy . i bought this three years ago and it still works ! ive been searching for a new pda since i thought this one was so out of date , and when reading all the reviews i came across many new " state of the art " pdas that broke after only a few months . this baby has been great to me for three long years , so if you are looking for a reliable buy , go for this . definately not flashy , very basic . all i use it for is appointments , dates , and to-dos . great for students who want to use a pda as an agenda ! good luck on your pda search !
i am working with my new pda the live drive and is great to have akk ny videos , music and to write my notes and documents before my shift or meeting , and also the wireless connection is so great . i like the option that you can use it as an external drive
i am extremely happy with this purchase and will most likely purchase another one of these , soon
netgear clearly has not figured out how to make their rangemax adapter work well with the microsoft xp operating system . if you 're not a techie , i 'd stay away until microsoft has certified the wpn311 . here 's what i experienced :  1 . installed using the netgear wpn311 automated configuration . 2 . after installation completion and boot up , cpu utilization was at a solid 100 % . executable from netgear named wlancfg5.exe taking up a bunch of the cpu and microsoft routines csrss.exe , net.exe , and net1.exe taking the rest . 3 . emailed netgear and received response to use task manager to delete wlancfg5.exe . did so for all users . 4 . hey ! cpu utilization returned to normal ! 5 . sent next email to netgear pointing out that this solution is just a " patch " and wlancfg5 would return when i re-booted . 6 . received response to de-install and re-install software for wpn311 . 7 . did so , but then netgear adapter software could not find my mimo wireless router ! and usage of the netgear adapter software does n't allow you to use the microsoft wireless zero configurator ( wzc ) . 8 . went to microsoft.com and looked up error 871122 " error message when you try to run the wireless network setup wizard " and followed the instruction to allow usage of wzc . 9 . then able to add my wireless router and everything is ok . the functionality works great . it 's the getting there that 's not too pretty good.... .
i lost my previous radioshack surge strip and the various pieces of equipment attached to it in the queens power failure and wanted something dependable . the price is great for its rating and all the stuff included , and it is kind of cool-looking too ! recommend without reservation
i 'm using the monster cable mp home theater powercenter hts800 to remove line noise in the electrical current to a high-end tube pre-amp . the line noise is removed beautifully ; however , the powercenter itself creates a high-pitched tone . the tone comes out of the powercenter device directly . if you are planning to use this product on a high-end sound system , i recommend placing it in a location that is acoustically isolated .
for the background , i 've owned & used various iem ( in-ear-monitor ) headphones over the years : ety er4p , altec lansing im716 , shure e2c , sony ex71 , koss ksc75 . here 's my quick impression after using these headphones for a week :  pros : 1 . very good bass & well balance ( not as bloated as the sony ex71 , the er4p has tight but the least bass-feel/effect . ) mid-range is good . treble is just a little bit harsh right out of the box ( but can be tamed with eq . ) 2 . easy to drive ( with the im716 phones , i 'd need to crank up the vol . ) 3 . very light weight 4 . comfortable tips ( 3 sizes included ) 5 . decent isolation from outside noise ( the er4p &im716 have better isolation ) 6 . moderately priced ( $ 50 )  cons : 1 . cables are thin so handle with care . 2 . some people may not like the " phonendoscope effect " ( cables frictions . ) this is very common with iem headphones , some are more than others . 3 . no pouch or case  ps : for bass-heads , you will like these iems - from an owner of beyer dt770-80 's experience :
all in-ear headphones will make some noise when the wires brush up against something . sound travels along wires... it 's physics , there 's nothing you can do about that . now , these earphones are incredibly light-weight and the wires are thin so that actually reduces the noise traveling through the wires . these headphones are called " asymmetric , " meaning that the right earbud is on a longer wire than the left . you wear this by putting the wire on the right earbud behind your neck . this leaves the area in front of you clear of wires that could get tangled up in your hands . this also makes it easy to each lunch while listening to music so your food does n't spill on the wire . i paid about 60 bucks and for that price , i love these headphones . face it , these are low to mid-range in terms of price , but perform more like mid-range to high range if you ask me . the cable is thin and flexible yet seems pretty resistant to damage . the buds are comfy and i like the asymmetric design . people need to realize that there are premium headphones for $ 500 or more . i think people need to keep perspective and not have too high expectations from only a $ 60 pair
this is the 4th spindle i 've ordered and i have n't had a problem with any of my dvds .
this little charger works great . it is the second one of it 's kind that i have purchased . the last one took a lot of abuse and therefore i needed to replace it . would buy it again . charges quickly and is quite handy
the fang is amazing ! ! ! ! ! i just got it,theres nothing like it . the keyz are in the perfect spot to kill all your fellow gamers . all you need is the fang and a mouse and your good to go . you have to get this if you want to stand a chance in fps games .
i love the new nanos . i do n't think i have anything bad to say about it besides it not having a radio . it is small and very thin . you barely feel it in your pocket , which might annoy some people but not me . i 'd rather get this than any zen products or sandisk sansas because it looks way better and it way thinner . the screen is really bright with the full color display . the new earbuds are a lot more comfortable than the old ones . the new ones are n't as bulky and actually fit in my small ears with out them slipping out . i do n't know why people hate the sound of the earbuds but they are certainly loud and good enough for me ! the new color coating is scratch resistant , but not the click wheel and the apple symbol . but you do n't notice the scratches on the white parts . the longer battery life is twice as long as the first generation nano , 24 hours ! the new 4 gb color nanos are the same price as the 2 gb of the 2nd gen nanos . i 'm so happy i waited after the 1st gen nanos came out . i would never get the 1st gen nanos now since they scratch easily , have a dark screen , and have a short battery life . the new nanos are great deals and great gifts . i recommend this mp3 player to anyone that wants a good , reliable , scratch resistant , cool looking music player ! 5/5 star
i am satisfied . works great with my phone nokia e6
i have to say , when i first purchased this little goodie , i just assumed i was buying more memory for my motorola q. i had no idea just how useful and reliable this would be . it has proven to be not only invaluable , but a very good investment , based on price and usage . buy one , no two . these things are great
i 'm a big fan of trackballs and this one is my favorite on the market right now . just love it
i thought i 'd weigh in , as the reviews suggesting noncompliance with apple products seemed ominous . i bought a passport , and the usb outlet on my macbook powers it perfectly well . i do n't need an external power supply . btw , i get a transfer rate of about 2 mb/s , or 1 gb/5 minutes . this seems a little slow , but it does n't bother me much . the passport is small , has a nice rubber coating to prevent shock , and overall is worth the purchase price
these verbatim discs have the datalife plus layer of protection that will allow them to last 100 + years . i 'm a professional photographer and it 's crucial to store my client 's digital photos and artwork onto a disc that will remain stable in years to come . i 've tried many brands and types of discs and have lost data ( read errors ) many times but so far with the hundreds of verbatim discs i 've burned so far , i have n't had a problem yet . the kodak brand discs were also excellent , but kodak discontinued making them . sony also makes a good disc . these discs can be printed on directly with an ink jet printer such as the epson r200/r300/r320 , and the surface area is printable right up to the hub ! i have no reason to switch to any other brand as long as verbatim continues to make a great disc
these verbatims are terrific . as you may know , working with dvd-r media is almost a gamble...cheap media will save you a few pennies but either give you coasters or media that plays on few players . sticking to name brands helps , but even then , some brands rely on outside sources for their media and while one lot/batch may be good , the next batch from the same brand may be from somewhere else . usually , you 're safe with media made in japan . these verbatim 's are made in taiwan but , they are great..i 've bought one every couple months and i 'm on my 3rd spindle now . they have a wonderful printing surface that as mentioned , dries nearly instantly in epson printers ( i use an r200 ) . hub printable so you can print all the way to the edge which gives your discs a terrific look when printing nice disc art or photos . not one coaster so far , burned with apple powerbook 2x superdrive as well as a lacie d2 firewire writer . though the media is 8x , it works in my panasonic dvd recorder ( dmr-e55 ) which recommends up to 4x media perfectly ) . so far , i have not encountered one person who has not been able to play the discs ( samsung , sanyo , panasonic , sony , apex , toshiba dvd players , ps2 , xbox , no problems ) . over 134 discs so far , and they look great , play great , and are a great price for hub printable discs . highly recommended...i 'm ordering more !
notebooks pro is the highest rated webcam ( for notebooks ) on the market and for good reason . audio and video quality is excellent . you can talk normal and be 2 or 3 feet away with no problem . the echo cancellation feature is a true must for webcams , especially with the use of video . on the negative side the usb cable is too short which limits interchangeability with your desktop . also , i have the quickcam fusion for my desktop which is a 5 star rated product and without doubt the best of the best webcams overall . logitech ships that product with quickcam 10 software which is probably a nice update to quickcam 9 the notebook pro uses . unfortunately , logitech provides little detail and info on these technical and software issues . b
i had the previous version also . it is so far the best webcam i ever owned . do n't even bother to compare it with cheap creative ones . the frame rate and picture quality is awesome . works in very low light conditions and has great software which can even make gieco or alien out of you . they keep on working for years . my old one " quickcam for notebooks pro " still a champion after use of 3 years now . i got bored and gave it to my uncle . and boy he loves it too . newer one as mentioned by other reviewers holds much better . do i sound like a logitech sales person ? well i must admit that i am very happy with their webcams . amazon offers get price and you should get it . one more thing . it 's features outweighs its small size : ) . my parents back in other part of world can see even tiny things in my room which they should n't : ) .
i got this mouse because i have developed carpel tunnel pain in my shoulder from years and years of mouse activity . i 'm happy to say it is nearly gone ( the pain ) - i ordered one for my office and will now get one for home . it does take a bit of getting used to ( after years of movable mouse action ) - but it can be done . good luck
unlike many other cables that splice a/v output , this cable does so while retaining the details of that output . i.e. , both left and right channels are extracted and outputted , not simply the left channel with audio mixed down to mono . also , it works on some computers , too ! on the minus side , i have n't gotten it to work on the television . in order to do so , you also have to buy the adapter for the creative zen player . i bought this so my creative sleek photo would be compatible with an x-rocker chair with built in speakers , and found that cd players and many other audio units became compatible , too . for that , it was worth the cost
i am running the radioshark on a g4 powerbook w/ mac os x 10.4 . i am very happy with the programmed recording - saves to a variety of formats , etc . very handy ! the unit did all that it promised , but it could have had much better software . a dashboard widget is also included that controls basic operation , but not recording or eq . needed additions : 1 . station presets are selected from a drop down menu ? ? ! ? one has to go to the rs menu bar ( top of screen ) to find the favorite stations - kind of klunky . better to have " radio buttons " associated with the app window . to be fair , the widget does have better station selection , but the button is labeled with a 'heart'.. . 2 . no station " scan " function . one has to dink through the entire spectrum manually - wow - hard to understand this lack of functionality . 3 . some additional audio filter/edit functions could be included . there is a multi-band eq that works well , mostly ( see comment below ) . at minimum there should be a hiss filter and a hum filter with variable levels of effect . also , one should be able to edit out unessential material from an audio file . though , for mac os x there is a nice freeware app that can do this : audacity . oddities 1 . when first installed , the output had static in it which was worse with the eq on . griffin tech support was not very helpful - as with most tech support offerings , they failed to grasp the actual problem and replied with unhelpful suggestions . re-installed software and it began working well . 2 . initially did not seem to work well thru an external ( powered ) hub ; now has no problems . though , unit does work okay with a usb extension cable
this is a total bargain . not only was the price right , it works perfectly in the car , at home converting every radio to a stereo system for my ipod nano . when they 're put together it looks like one unit and if , by chance , you use a motorola rzr phone the charger works with he itrip and recharges the nano , eliminating the need for any other charger devices
the over-the-air picture is crisp , colors are bright and the size is just right . pretty good viewing angle as well
i totally recommend this mouse . i purchased the 1st mouse a few months about and just now bought another one for my other laptop . i like it that you have an assortment of colors you can chose from also . the battery life is pretty good also
i use this with an imac . it does not come with drivers for mac os x , nor does d-link offer any help . they refuse to admit it will work with macs . i was pointed toward a driver made available at [ ... ] . i remember having trouble getting it to work , but once it was working it has worked well and consistently . the imac connects to an aebs a couple rooms away through the d-link
i have been going nuts trying to find a decent set of headphones for my new ipod . all i wanted was decent sound for a decent price , but after trying various models of ear-buds and standard phones and returning them all i figured i was going to have to shell out some big bucks after all . but , then i decided to pull the trigger on some cans made by a great old company from my youth that used to be the only choice for headphones- koss of course ! and man- they still have it . these are n't the greatest phones i 've ever heard , but for $ 20 ( and it seems you can now get them for half that ! ) they easily compare to some well-known sets costing 3 times as much or more . finally , no awful hi-mid peaks that threaten to end my career as an audio engineer * cough cough sony cough * . they are fairly comfortable- i think i would rather have the traditional over-the-head band but you get used to these pretty quick . these sound nice , full- the bass does n't thump like a lot of people like but to my ears it 's smooth . and most important , you can listen for hours without ear fatigue . without a doubt , these are the best budget phones i 've ever owned ! my bottom line- anyone who does n't grab these for $ 10 bucks a pop is insane . period * g
i 've tried several different brands of headsets and this one wins . it reduces noise , has excellent sound and is comfortable for hours at a time . my office is between the shop , where we make rocket engines , and the flight line on the airport , where airplanes are tested . sometimes jet aircraft sit outside my window and perform engine run-ups , or idle the apu for hours . this headset reduces the white noise while still allowing me to hear the phone ring even when a local f-4 phantom ii tests the afterburner .
good price . good company . i use this on my kodak cx7300 and it 's fine . good product to buy
works as advertised , have not had a single problem with it since installing it in my tungsten t
bought this a few months ago for my 3yr old son . he loves it . we have used it in the car as well as when he goes to meetings with me . never had a single problem with it
we bought this product for a long car trip and the kids loved it . i 've also used it and thought the sound and picture were wonderful . it was exactly what we were looking for and for a fantastic price ! we are very happy
i 've bought several of these cables and have been very happy with my purchase . i 've used them for hooking up my gaming systems , tv , cable box , and receiver/dvd player . ( note : i had to buy a small 3 in 1 fiber optic switch box to handle all these cables -my receiver and tv only had one digital audio connection each . )  i believe that these cables are the best name brand values currently around for fiber optic audio . what do you really get for a " high end " fiber optic cable that is triple the cost of this cable ? i do n't know . i purchased one ( which was " top of the line " ) and obscenely expensive , and of course it sounds great , but these cables sound great too . plus , these cables are monster cables , and they are thx certified ! what does thx certification mean ? below is a blurb taken directly from the thx website describing it : --- " thx is on the forefront of entertainment technology , offering products and services of unparalleled quality for post-production , distribution and playback of audio and visual content . thx certification is considered a mark of excellence in the presentation technology industry , offering consumers a promise that the cinemas they visit and the products they purchase have been evaluated and tested to meet the highest standards for picture and sound performance . "  --- a digital signal is a digital signal . this is fiber optic cable -it uses light to transmit the digital data -it does n't degrade like analog based on the quality of the cable . so these cables are not likely to give you a worse audio signal than more expensive cables , they just are going be a little less durable , and probably use slightly less high quality materials . are they fragile ? not at all , but the top of the line cable that i purchased was so thick that i probably could have stepped on it on cement and it would have been fine . this thx cable is thinner and i could imagine it breaking more easily . if you work somewhere ( like a studio ) where there is a good chance of rolling things over the cables from time to time on a hard floor then you might have a good reason for a more durable cable . ( same goes for cables that are going to be manhandled regularly -i.e . a lot of plugging/unplugging and bending of the ends ) . overall , i 'm very happy with these cables and can i afford to buy a bunch for all the fiber optic audio connections i am now using ( i.e . receiver , tv , cable box , xbox/playstation/gamecube )  ( p.s . for first time users , do n't forget to pull off the tiny plastic coverings on each end of the fiber optic cables . these are there to protect the cable during transit/storage and will prevent the light from passing unless removed . throw these tips away ; you 'll never need them again .
i have had this phone now about 3 months and i am very happy with it . it has all the things and want and many more , the hand sets are very clear and i love the fact i can check voice mail on any hand set that goes with it i do not have to run to the main answering machine to check the voice mail . the range of the hand sets is great had no problem at all with this . so far i love everything with this phone , it is much better than either of the last two phone i have had . i have walked over a 1/2 block from the house and it still works clearly , i have never had a phone that worked so far away from home
i purchased the notebook cooler approximately one month ago , after reading online testimonials of laptops becoming damaged from overheating . thankfully , the same time i read that , circuit city was having a sale on this item for only $ 15 , after mail-in rebate . fast forward one month and my opinion of the cooler so far : not bad.. .  my laptop is noticeably cooler to the touch now , and the internal fan rarely comes on . the notebook cooler itself is smartly designed , with an aluminum topping and two fans that draw away heat . i 'll admit , the usb connector cable is a bit flimsy , and i can see why some folks have complained . for those users who travel frequently ( or anyone who foresees plugging and unplugging the cable often ) , you may want to exercise extra caution . the blue led light that some reviewer claims is too " strong " is a minor quibble--if you really wanted to , you could always tape over the light and problem solved . as for the fan noise , i would say the low setting is comparable to " white noise , " which you do n't really notice until you purposely try to listen for it ! the high setting , on the other hand , is a bit loud , and i can see people having to turn up the volume on their speakers or tv to compensate . usually , though , i only use the high setting when it 's really hot in the room , or if i 'm running intensive programs like photoshop or some video game . overall , i 'd say i 'm very satisfied with this product . ( though , i am somewhat disappointed that antec needs 3 months to process my $ 15 rebate check . )
the logitech mx 400 mouse in my opinion was a good buy . it is very reliable , accurate , scrolls smooth , and is precise and responsive on every surface i have used it on . it is also light weight and comfortable , making it the purfect mouse for the price
i bought two pairs of these when i saw them in a store on sale for under $ 15 each . they 've both gotten extensive use over the past couple years . the cushioning on the outside is cloth inside a black material that i suppose imitates leather in looks and feel . this outer material on the cushions has worn off in flakes on both pairs , which makes it look raggedy , but the comfort and sound quality is n't affected by it so i do n't consider it a big deal . the headband adjust on one side of one pair seems to have had something break inside it which lets that earmuff go farther down than it " should , " but likewise , it 's something to be expected with this much use and has n't affected comfort . the cable is also thicker than most headphone cables i 'm used to , which is good news for people who find themselves constantly rolling over cables with their chairs and such . i 've compared the sound quality to the koss qz-50 's ( which i own ) and a library 's koss ur-10 's or 15 's ( ca n't remember which ) . though the qz-50 's do sound better when they have their active noise cancelling feature turned on , the ur-20 's are the most comfortable of the three , have the richest bass , are the most durable , and wo n't eat up your aaa batteries like the qz-50 's
i recently bought these speakers because i wanted to play my ipod in the office . the sound is better then expected . while i would get a better speaker system for my home , for the office or on the go , these will do very nicely
myself and my grandchildren love to hold these adorable pets , their fun . lifelike and surprisingly sturdy . get one !
what a relief to find this mouse after having bought a microsoft 6000 lazer mouse which caused my tendonitis to flare up again really bad . i had originally gotten really bad tendonitis from another microsoft " ergonomic " mouse a year ago , which became chronic , but barely noticeable until i tried the 6000 . i also tried a logitech v200 , which is a good mouse , just not nearly as comfortable as the 450 . the buttons on both of these logitech mice press down really nicely and are effortless . this was not so on the ms 6000 . if you are looking for the ultimate in a mouse for a notebook , the logitech v450 is it . my hands are fairly large , and for the $ 15 more than the v200 , it is definitely worth it as i spend a lot of time on computers
this laser version tracks much better on odd surfaces compared to the logitech v200 i have . the setpoint software allows you to use setpoint 's mouse sensativity independent of the touchpad settings . finally ! ! ! i dont have to change mouse sensativities when i unplug it . the setpoint sensativity is an offset to window 's sensativity setting for the touchpad . so basically , set your touchpad sensativity first , then adjust the setpoint sensativity . they will be work just the way you want everytime you unplug/plug the mouse and going back and forth between touchpad and mouse . perfect product
jbl speaker system for ipod is an outstanding product , i would highly recommend it
this is a product too unique for me not too try . i 've struggling with lost receipts and always in a panic mode when tax day comes . there 's just no other easy way i 've found to keep track of all my receipts . even with some of the negativity about the accuracy on the receipt recognition , i still wanted to try this out for myself . i noticed the following will increase the accuracy of the receipt scanning :  1 ) scan your receipt asap once you have it . receipts are pretty cheap in quality and will fade over time . also for that matter , you risk the chance of loosing the receipt the longer you do n't scan it in . = )  2 ) ink quality on the receipt matters . it does the best job when the dots of the letters/number are together and dark . 3 ) wording on the receipt . e.g . the receipt can say visa/mc then scanner will pick it as visa . business card scans have been excellent for me . be sure to upgrade your sw to the lastest version . mine is 2.55 at the time of writing
i have used this and the optical cable . for $ 20 less , it sounds just as good . monster cable is a great price point investment for anyone who wants to get the most out of their home theater system
excellent antenna . why pay so much more for other indoor antennas such as terk or samsung . i tried both of those but ended up with the zenith at a fraction of the price and with much better reception
i live in manhattan on the 7th floor of an apartment building surrounded by taller buildings on all sides and this antenna provides great reception . i use it hooked up to an hp 3200 lcd tv with built-in tuner . it took me less than five minutes from package being opened to finding the best place for the antenna to sit for reception . the cable is a few feet long and the antenna itself light . i have it resting atop my center channel speaker . $ 20 is a great price to watch the hd content the major networks provide- especially for football
this is very comfortable and works very well . it 's heavy enough that it does n't move around or push the keyboard , as some of the other types of wrist rests that i 've used have done . yet it 's cushiony while sturdy enough to provide support .
i type medical reports for a living , up to 10 hours a day and 7 days a week . without the wrist rest , my wrists would not be able to hold up . the wrist rest is the perfect size . it stays in place on the desk . the gel continues to be supportive , even after a year of working on it . the only reason i did not give it 5 stars is because of the back of the wrist rest that lays on the desk has a horrible smell . i ca n't smell it while typing , only when i pick it up for cleaning . i wish there was the option for half stars - i 'd give this 4-1/2 stars
works well....customer support from garmin....more than excellent...one complaint..very short battery life...requires a 12 volt charging adapter...windshield suction cup charge adapter is a must to use as a g.p.s....also...get a minimum 512 mb sd card for combo marine and street navigation....one plus is the brightness,unit size,and screen size....do not keep it in your breast pocket while on the boat...dont float..not waterproof..nuff said
this product took less than 5 minutes to unbox , install , and work properly . well built , and functions exactly as i would have hoped . i am impressed with the ability of the suction cup to stay attached , even in the summer heat of las vegas
this is a very simple product that works as advertised . easy to set up within macos x. i use the airtunes functionality which is very cool . i do n't use the usb printing . while more expensive than other 802.11g routers/access points , the simplicity + airtunes functionality make it worth the extra money
this uniden phone/answering system has been trouble free since we bought it three months ago . here 's a list of the other things about this phone that i like most : 1 . the corded handset base unit can be used to make and receive calls even when the electricity is off . this , along with price , was the main reason i bought this phone system . this feature is unusual for a cordless phone system . 2 . the controls on the answering machine are simple and intuitive enough so that you do n't have to refer to the manual when you need to set the clock or change the outgoing recording . 3 . also , the answering machine has operated flawlessly so far . 4 . the battery life of the cordless handset has been excellent between charges . at least a week , sometimes more . 5 . voice quality of the cordless handset and the corded base handset are very good . however , there is something about this phone system that i do n't like . --the cordless handset has a pretty limited range . i had to locate the base unit in a central location in my 2,300 square foot house to get the handset to work in all rooms . but overall i think the phone is a good buy , if you can live with the distance restrictions of the cordless handset
very effective inside a plane comparing to the other noise cancelling headphone i have . sound is ok for what it does . however , in a moving vehicle , it actually distorts the music which is a surprise . my other noise-cancelling headphone does not do that . it appears to have a relative long lag time in creating the opposite noise-cancelling wave . by the time the opposite wave applies to the music , the intruding noise is over . otherwise , no complains
i was debating over the picturemate , kodak printer dock 3 , sony ddp-fp50 , and the hp photosmart 475 . i made the choice of the hp and i love it ! the prints are 4800x1200dpi and look like real lab prints . i use the hp 4x6 boarderless premium plus photo paper with the hp ink and the prints are just wonderful . forget the other bad reviews because this printer beats them all . ( ... ) the hp produces bright , vivid pictures designed to last a lifetime . the picturemate is also alot larger than the hp 475 . the 1.5gb hard drive is a plus as well . hp said that the remote is not included but they lied , they come with the remote and battery . overall , this printer is the best i have own
these dvds are absolutely top quality , and you really need to use bad dvds to know how bad they can get . i ordered a pack a while ago and have burnt 7 discs so far . not a single coaster , and nero data verification ( i always do that for dvds ) has not brought up any errors ever . btw , the discs had a mixture of both large and very small files . the burner is the dvd multi drive on my dell inspiron laptop ( 1505 ) . however , i should mention ( to those who have n't bought this product ) why they are called shiny silver . you know that print on the top of dvds with lines and that matte finish ? well , there 's no such thing on these dvds . the top looks a lot like the writing surface on the other side ( other than the characteristic dvd color ) . anyone who has seen unbranded dvds will know exactly what i 'm talking about- no special surface ; however a felt tip marker works nicely to label the disks . huge cost cutting here i guess , but definitely not in the quality department . i will buy again
i burn a ton of dvds and have used almost every brand out there . many have errors , even the top brand names like memorex...etc . i have found the least amount of errors with this brand and the shelf life seems to be lasting . i 've switched all dvd media purchases to verbatim . they are by far , the best of them all . would recommend to everyone
first off , these puppies sound good ! however , there are things anyone intending to buy these earphones should know :  the sound is loud and crisp but definetely mid-trebley , as with most in-ear headphones . the low end is there , but for full effect , it takes to position the earphones just so in your ear canal at the right volume . since they tend to slide out of the ear canal as one moves , this sweet spot is not very wide . that said , however , i recognize the difficlulty of delivering earth shaking bass in a device this small . most bass-rich systems utilize either massive speakers/ woofers or chambered enclosures ( or both ) to deliver . since the size of this type of headphones does n't permit for either big speakers or special chambers , maybe the thing to do is to use the human cranium as the resonating chamber ! i am yet to find any in ear headphones that really deliver bass to die for . such is the difficulty to get big bass in so compact a package . maybe the 5 and 7 series are better in this regard ( for the price they better be ) . so if you really need earth shaking bass in your playback , look into buying those pricey phones . the lack of such bass is the only reason i did n't give it five stars . also , the lack of colored left ( blue or white ) & right ( red ) tags on the earphones make it tricky to put on for the first time . i did n't realize i had them reversed until the pain got so unbearable i just had to check . so be careful . riding while using them can be dangerous , since the sound isolation is so great one can barely hear jets thundering overhead . bang for the buck , ( i paid $ 69.99 on amazon ) , i really recommend these headphones to all but big bass aficionados .
i purchase two of these phones to add to our base unit . very easy set up . quality product
i had slight confusion whether to choose the sony 64 mb memory stick , which is nearly the same price or this one , which has twice the memory capacity of the previous one . i choose this one for the better deal and to add to my surprise j&amp ; r electronics shipped it so quickly ( you guys rock ! ! ! ) . this one comes par with sony memory media in every field . so why choose the one with lesser memory capacity . choose this one and feed your camera with some memory space
delivered on time , no problems setting it up ( just followed the instructions to format it because i did n't want the default format it comes with , which is less safe ) . it 's been running fine ever since i bought it . i ca n't comment on the speed of access because , since i leave it backing up over night , i do n't really care . it 's all done in the morning anyway , so i do n't really need anything faster
i like this unit . it is hooked up to an s-video in from my digital cable box , and uses a component video out to a mitsubishi hdtv . picture quality is very good ; i 'm very used to my high-quality sony dvd player dvp-ns700p , but this one is very close . there is just a touch of graininess to the picture from the cable box , but then i 've not compared with other units . i think its more than acceptable . a dvd i burned played fine on the sony..but...when i recorded one program , deleted it , and then recorded again , it would only play on an older sony dvd player . my sony dvd player is kind of touchy , anyhow . all told , i 'd recommend this dvd recorder without hesitation
i do n't normally write reviews on products but in this case i feel i must share the value and features of this product . you ca n't go wrong in selecting this player/recorder for your dvd needs . the quick start guide is just that " quick " and well planned . the people at samsung know how to write manuals and this manual is the best i have seen well documented with pictures ( in full color ) and just that step-by-step for the novice . the setup diagram is excellent . the features are numerous you can throw any discs you have left over from other recording machines and through it in takes three seconds to intialize ( any disc ) and away you go . one touch record starts immediately . the quality is superb especially in high definition . i could n't wait to get it after reading the reviews from the last electronics trade show so i was able to get it from back east about three weeks ago . finalizing discs is a snap and easy i have had difficulty formatting on other machines but the samsung is so easy the on-screen menu is good and the remote is easy to navigate even with my big fingers ! it will play mp3s , cds , computer made divx movies , region 1 dvds , picture discs from your computer and you can make your own movies from your camcorder or video camera and burn on the fly . you can also program your other electronics into the remote but you must know the manufacturer 's codes which they list in a handy guide . if you are shopping for a multi recorder/player search no more get this one you wo n't be disappointed
i bought this set of speakers expecting a piece of junk...i was totally wrong ! ! ! these are great , they give the bass right where you want it . sometimes i have to turn the bass all the way down and it is still too much . watch out these come on sale instores for around $ 8.00 sometimes . that 's where i got my 1st pair
the sound range and clarity is quite good , they are comfortable . my only hesitation is the cord is too short for my purposes , i 'd like to use it with my computer not a mp3 attached to my belt
i got my mini about nine monthes ago right before they were discontinued ( which , in my opinion , was a big mistake on apple 's part ) and i absolutely love it ! mine is pink , and the color is so nice , the design sleek and seamless all around . it 's smooth metal casing is really nice and different . the clickwheel is smooth and i have had no problems with it . it holds a little less than 1,000 songs due to different formatting , but it 's still a good amount ; itunes is easily understandable and functional as well . the ipod mini is approx . 1/2 of an inch think and slides into pockets easily , while not being as flimsy as the nano feels to me . the clickwheel is a great and fast way to scroll through hundreds of songs , raher than , as on my brother 's mp3 player , needing to press " next " everytime you change the song . the backlight is fine , and does it 's job ; my one complaint on that would be that , as i mainly use it on the bus at 6 : 00 am , it is quite bright and hurts my eyes . another huge plus to owning a member of the ipiod " family " is the countless accesories that have become availible exclusively to them . i myself have a case , an iskin which i have come to adore , high quality headphones and the ibass , which is another great speaker product for ipods . i 've actually invested waay more on accessorites for my mini than it cost itself , but that 's how much i love it ! for having so many great features , this is priced very reasonably . even when i got it and it was $ 200 , i still felt that it was well worth the money . buy this now ! ! ! ! it 's amazing !
i have n't written any reviews for amazon before , but when prompted for my feedback on this trackball , i had to respond . i 've been using one of these or its predecessors since the early 90 's when kensington first came out with the " turbo mouse " . it was great then , and now it 's better . this is as solid , smooth , and precise of an input device as you can get . i do n't understand those others with buttons on the side that when you press them the trackball slides across your desk . this baby stays right where you put it because your button presses go straight down . you can use it with just the tips of your fingers or your whole hand -- your choice . the optical version is far superior to the old mechanical ones that needed frequent cleaning to stay in tip top performance . the only drawback is the $ 100 retail price , but frankly it 's worth that . it 's a no brainer at $ 80 which is what i paid through amazon to tiger direct . if you need ( or want ) a high performance trackball that you 'll be able to use with many computers to come , get this one
these speakers are awesome for the price . they charge your ipod even when the unit is off . the sound quality is great for around 50 bucks . i bought these for traveling and they are small enough to fit in a suitcase without taking up too much room . they also stack so they do n't take up much counter space . i ca n't say enough about the sound quality . they are great
i work for a small sized consulting engineer 's firm where everyday we have to scan some hundreds of pages of text ( magazine articles , old projects , letters from the client , books , etc ) . we got four years ago our first fujitsu scanner ( still working ) and we have been impressed with its speed , small size and since it wase easy to use to obtain good quality pdf files . a couple of years we moved to the scansnap series . we now have four of them . pros : - incredibly easy to use ( you do n't need to teach anybody ) - fast for pdf scanning - great value for money ( includes acrobat 7.0 bundled ) - very small , perfect for a desk - good construction quality , no one of our 4 scanners ever broke  cons : - quality of the feeding roller is good but not professional . if you have to scan hundreds of pages you have to be on the scanner to avoid paper jams , double-feeding that some time occurs . - not great quality for photographs scanning ( however difficult because it is not flatbed ) . i strongly suggest it for small-medium sized businesses to scan documents . if you have to scan hundreds of pages everyday or you need a high quality scanner for photos you can find something better .
the cd sound is like being at the concert . hooking the radio up to a television makes the home theater experience even better . the fm radio receiption is even clear . great quality product . worth the money
these are some great headphones with a few minor flaws :  pros : 1 . great sound quality 2 . very comfortable 3 . light 4 . worry-free charging  cons : 1 . achieving good wireless connection is not always easy , could require pressing the tune-in button several times 2 . interference noises could sneak into the broadcast 3 . turning them off could be annoying ( requires precise timing )  my experience : i 've had two pairs of these for over a year and i like them very much . i enjoy great sound watching tv or listening to music while everybody is asleep . this is really great , i can enjoy music at comfortable levels at any time of the day or night . the sound is much better and clearer than the sound produced by the speakers of the tv . you have the same clarity and volume even though you might be moving around the rooms away from the tv ( closet or the garage for example ) . the headphones are light and very comfortable . i tried other brands and the aw771 were the most comfortable by far . so , overall wonderful product . however , there a few flaws to be aware of . consider the following before buying . it might require several attempts before the unit tunes in at the right channel . sometimes , turning the headphones on results in poor reception if any at all . to correct this , you have to press the only button ( power , search , and turn off ) and wait until the unit picks the signal at the right channel . you might have to repeat this operation two or three times and it is a bit annoying . once you get good reception , everything is ok although you might get some interference ( alien noises ) when you turn your head or move around . the last problem is with the turn off button ( again the only multifunction button ) . you need to press and hold the button for a certain amount of seconds and release it in order to turn off the unit . that is not always easy and usually the unit comes back on . you think you turned it off but it is still on and if it 's not in the charger base you drain the batteries completely . well , i hope my description is helpful . regardless of the flaws , i recommend the aw771 . i use them every day and best of all i enjoy great sound when other people are asleep .
i have always run all of my media through my pc and my former speaker set ( a midiland 5.1 system ) was thoroughly aged and falling apart i decided it was time to upgrade . i wanted something that had incredible sound with both music and dvd 's . i shopped around and came to the conclusion i would aim for the form factor speakers . when considering this bose system , this must be taken into account . first off , this system is expensive . for just under 1000 dollars ( does n't 999 sound sooo much better than 1g ? ) you get 5 bi-directional midrange speakers , the subwoofer unit , and speaker cable . at this price it is very disappointing that bose does not include some sort of receiver , but no matter this leaves room for the customer to customize his/her choice to suit any personal needs and/or budget . bose includes 3 colors ( white , silver , black ) and all the speakers are well packaged and aesthetically pleasing with the exception of the sub unit ( a large rectangular box meant to save space but does not ) . what brought me to look into this system was the specific size of the speakers and there general attractiveness . for their size the bose do a very good job of reproducing any sound-granted they are paired with a competent receiver . anyone who has any qualms about this system should first consider what they are running their sound through , without competent equipment these speakers will not be on par with what you heard in the store . once i got the system home it was very easy to set up and install . bose packages the speakers with clear instructions and all of the wires are meant to be hidden and include markings as to what speakers they belong to-a very handy feature especially when one is trying to hide this system . the only serious issue i have with this system ended up being with my receiver ( an onkyo ) and not related at all with the speakers . since i do run this through my computer ( presently a laptop ) i had a few troubles setting up a new sound card and getting it too mesh with my receiver , but when that was all said and done , i was extremely please with the system . with a bose the tweaking one needs to do is very minimal and thus why this deserves the higher price tag-its target audience is usually those more affluent and unable to spend hours tweaking individual speaker levels and sound ranges . my test soundtracks included : gladiator , matrix ( ii or iii ) , snatch , and music tracks ranging from techno , rock , classical , and alternative . everything sounded great with enough low , high , and midrange response . the second complaint i have with this system is not differentiating in the least between any of the satellites . i found myself turning the response on the center channel up so the front speakers were n't drowning out the voices . that was solved with a little tweaking so nothing major there . all in all this speaker system is a great investment in my mind satisfying all of my needs ( though draining my bank account ) and providing me with great surround sound . good : great range and volume of sound . easy set-up . well built speakers-aesthetically and physically . no interference or feedback . bad : subwoofer awkward , no dedicated center channel , pricey , no included receiver . for their size these speakers more than compete with any full-blown tower 5.1 system . here is one satisfied customer
ladies and gentlemen ,  just a quick note to say that it is a pity that people buy 'toys ' before exploring what it is that they 're buying . i have seen people knock the sandisk u3 drives , as well as u3 drive made by other companies . well the reality is that :  a- the u3 software has a way of stopping the software 's auto-boot . b- there is uninstall software available at at sandisk.com and at u3.com , and i 'm guessing that those company 's that offer u3 and have a web site probably have the 'uninstaller ' on their site . c- there is a great deal of u3 software available ( free and pay-for-it ) at u3.com . i know that sandisk has a software site , so do verbatim & memorex . d- for those who want portable software but do n't want u3 or do n't have a u3 drive , go to http : //portableapps.com . note : some of the software here is the same used by the u3 folks , without using the u3 launchpad . e- quality of drives : remember that when you buy most of the electronics 'toys ' available today , you are buying chinese c * * * ( junk ) . both the manufacturing and quality control ( qc ) are garbage . unless you are paying serious change for something ( $ 500 + ) you will get passable junk . if you are expecting " made in japan quality " your kidding yourself . this is the reason you will see many brand name goods , also selling with no-name labels ( i.e coby ) . same production line , different labels . it is also one of the reason folks are impressed with apple ipods . apple demands excellent qc , and the destruction of goods that do n't meet the standard . in exchange you are willing to pay a 20 % premium for this level of qc . like everything in life , ya gets whats ya pay for . g- since the beginning of windows ( v1.0 , et al ) there have always been buggy and uncooperative software programs , there will always be pain in the a * * software . one of the reasons xp has such a prominent 'roll-back ' feature . and also the reason many , if not most , power users run multiple machines . of course , these days we have to fill billy g 's pockets by having to buy multiple paks of xp . most of my power-user friends run at least three or four machines , each one with a different use . it should n't be this way , but the reality is that for folk that use or explore a great deal of software , for many purposes ( mp3 's , scanning , video , controlling radios , composing music , et al ) , one machine wo n't cut it because xp ai n't as stable as folks think . the more programs , and the more varied in type , the more instability is introduced into any windows installation . why do you think businesses run win2000 or win2003 , because there are less software 'toys ' that run under 2k , and the 'admin ' can prevent you from loading a lot of software 'toys' . h- in the end , understand what you are buying before you buy so that you 'll have better luck getting what you want , and you wo n't look so ignorant when you say something that anyone who has bothered to go to the web site ( s ) knows is dead wrong , or just plain stupid . i- when you truly understand the product , you 'll be able to write truly useful reviews , and that what all readers want , useful information . to one and all , may your 'toys ' keep you happy
very easy to use . expend my wireless network access from two marginal to five with very good signal level . no external power required . highly recomend it .
could not have been easier to install - literally just put the included cd in the drive , and plug the device into your usb 2.0 port . installed and self-configured in minutes . very small , light , no additional power cords to worry about , no additional software ( beyond the automatically installed drivers ) to install - quick and easy . only issue i found is that the antenna is permanent , so you could never swap for replacement/better antenna like you can on some other wireless nics
this cover is very durable , however it is somewhat difficult to get the ipod into the case . the case covers the entire ipod except for small vent holes so it is very water resistant , but the case covers the locking button making it harder to lock and unlock the ipod
i purchased this answering machine with the intention of expanding the quantity of phones to cover the entire house . to start , i bought only one additional phone . i 'll buy the rest later . so far i am very pleased . the sound quality is excellent and there are numerous bonus features that i have found very useful . like the talking caller id and being able to screen messages from any of the phones . i also like being able to program a phone directory into one phone and transfering ( download ) a single entry or the entire list to the other phones . and each phone is also a speaker phone and a full intercom . you can name the phones for the rooms they will occupy which will help when you use the intercom to call a specific room . so you would page the " living rm " rather than phone # 3 , etc . if you have caller id , you can program special rings and special call id colors for the callers in your phone directory but that information must be programmed into each phone . it does n't transfer when you download the directory to the other phones . also , on another panasonic wireless phone that i own , the incoming call displayed the name i had programmed into the phone directory . just like your cell phone will say " home " , etc . on this phone , the caller id displays the telephone company info only . i think the phone is great , i just wanted to clarify some points that are not crystal clear in the literature .
kingston 's 2gb data traveler usb drive is perfect to storage files . i have looked for a 2 gb usb and found this one to be the cheapest based on its characteristices . i think it is a bargain price
i love these speakers and the price was great
i 'm very happy with the kensington sx 2000 . i listen mostly to jazz and the midrange is as good as the higher end bose or apple speaker systems . pumping up the volume does not distort in any way either . plus , i have my speaker on a divider that equally services both ends of the open space
i love belkin and their surge protectors are top quality . i specifically look for their brand and i am always very impressed . this model has been especially good to me over the last 3 years and i would highly recommend it
i am a camcorder buff . ever since my children were born , i have had the camcorder attached to my hand most days because i know that life is fleeting and memories are too precious to be lost . i had a huge collection of video tapes and was able to transfer the entire collection to dvd . now i know that they will last at least through my life time.. also , i find that using the showbiz application , i can create customized dvds for my friends and that has saved me a ton of money in gifts. . the only problem we had with this product was that we had limited hard disk memory and had to acquire some more . and i have probably created more than a 100 dvds by now . thanks hp !
this little device is a great invention from hp . i had problems installing the unit and was on the telephone with hp tech support ( india ) for 1.75 hours , i spent very little time on hold . the largest draw back to the unit is my computer acts like the dc4000 is not there from time to time and required me to reboot the computer in order to use this nifty device
i recently began upgrading my home audio by buying at ebay 2 pairs of jbl e20s and 1 pair e30s , an e25 center speaker and a harmon kardon avr . i got the first pair of e20s a week ago and the 2nd pair of e20s and the e30 yesterday and the remaining stuff should be delivered by the weekend . the e20s and e30s are listed as " bookshelf speakers . " the e20s are bookshelf speakers . as i wrote in my review of the e20s , the e30s can only be thought of as bookshelf speakers if you last name is kong and your first name is king ! the e20s are heavy at 7lbs each , not flimsy little boxes as some cheapo bookshelves are . the e30s are heavy . heavy ! 16 lbs each . ( that is what my 7 qt lodge cast iron dutch oven weighs ! ) they are 15 inches high and 12 inches deep . they need to be placed on small end tables or speaker stands 18 to 24 inches off the floor . i am very pleased with both the e20s and e30s . for small speakers , the e20s have some oomph and can be cranked up . the e30s have ooommphhhh . they want to be cranked up . yesterday i tried them out by listening to my mp3 files of the animals singles and paul revere and the raiders kicks . when cranked up , the e30s sound at least 1000 % better than the the e20s . i hooked them up to my vintage jvc av receiver circa 1989 that has 80 watts front and 20 watts rear power . at a little over half volume my ears began to hurt . you can really feel the bass and the drums kick . i also listened to about 2 hours of the doors via rhapsody with the audio out from my computer to the audio in on my receiver . i have been listening to this music since it was first played on the airwaves back in the 60s . the e30s are simply incredible ! they brought some very familiar tunes to life and made them new and fresh . my biggest surprise with the e30s is that they sound very good at lower volumes , not as good as the e20s , but still very good . as i write , i am watching/listening to a dvd of vivaldi 's 4 seasons concertos performed by herbert von karajan , the bpo and anne-sophie mutter on fiddle and am running the e30s and e20s at about 15 % volume--pretty low since the 4 speakers are sharing the front 80 watts of my receiver . yet i can still hear everything at low volumes including the resonating violins and the harpsacord . since we normally do not rock the house down all the time and we do often listen at lower levels , i am very pleased at how good they sound without having to blow out my eardrums . i bought the e30s for under $ 90 including s/h . back in the early 80s or late 70s i spent more than four times this amount ( adjusted for inflation ) for 2 large , heavy advent loudspeakers with 8 " woofers . the e30s clearly sound better than i ever remember the advents sounding including better bass response , and i liked the advents ! over time , our audio choices have gotten better and cheaper . you still can spend mega bucks and buy a $ 10,000 mcintosh system ( or even drop that much on a turntable magnetic cartridge as i saw at one website ! ) it all depends on what your budget is . the jbls are a great value offering tremendous perfomance for those who are budget minded
i repartitioned the disk so i have a macintosh partition and a windows partition . i back up both my mac and my pc to this disk . it is fast and easy to use
i use the drive to back up important data . i write a few gb to the drive each time . i was surprise by how fast data transfered onto the hard drive through the usb2.0 interface . it is quiet and i have no complain
used for backing up a huge quantity of high resolution digital images . the drive is fast and quiet in it 's operation , while taking up very little space on the desktop . i highly recommend this drive and this brand of drives
this equipment is simply and perfect a viable connection to the world " where you are " ! . my work forces to me to travel to very distant sites where the communication was difficult and this creates a access point to me for connected to the world via interne
noel lee 's monster cable products inc. , come up with the goods here ! a cable of stunning , high resolution that snaps the picture into such clarity that you 'll think you 're watching scenes through a glass window and not through a television/monitor , a bold claim indeed , but , quite true never-the-less . i was totally unprepared for such a dramatic change for the better . this cable brings to the viewer all the picture , and , yes , that does mean " warts and all " so , be prepared to see the smallest of detail , like strings and wire that enabled special effects crews to do their work " un-seen " . who really needs hdtv when cables like monster 's mvs3-1m are this good and can bring a vastly superior standard to an existing television/monitor for only a minute fraction of the cost . thanks noel , well done
i stretched them till they fit comfortably on my wide head . they sound great to my ear and i use them alot
i have searched and searched and searched for a pair of portable headphones that sound as good as these with lots of failure . imo , you can not beat the sound of a set of &quot ; over-the-head&quot ; headphones . i have tried all styles : earbuds , behind the neck , clips , even the ear plugs . nothing gives the sound and comfort of the ktx pros ( granted , i have never tried the sportapros or portapros , but from what i have read , they are the same headphone . except they are ugly ! ) . the ktx pros have both great lows and great highs . plus , you ca n't beat that price
this is an affordable option that provides a lot of memory and allows usb 2.0 protocol for very fast transfer . if you need to transfer data from one digital product to another , this is very handy and i think that every person dealing a lot with data should have one .
i basically bought these because they were cheap . cheap things are not always bad and these headphones are a great example . the ur-20 provides excellent sound for both music and movies . it has excellent bass and sound isolation . i am by no means an audiophile but i know good sound when i hear it and these headphones produce great sound , especially for its price .
not a bad battery deal . while they do n't last as long as some other batteries i 've tried , their cost per battery more than makes up for it . for those that care about such things , they contain no mercury , no cadmium , and are made in china
i 've had this keyboard a number of years and would never go back to anything else . i have ( or had ) severe carpal tunnel syndrom . this keyboard has eliminated that problem entirely . i ca n't think of a downside . yes , it takes a bit of getting used to and yes , the keys are a bit noisy . but i have no problem with that . it just reminds me i 'm working . the number pad is excellent too . i 'm getting ready to get another one to use with my laptop . you ca n't destroy this keyboard . if you value your wrists and hands , get this
we previously had an at&t cordless w/answering machine ( 1 handset ) and always had trouble locating the one receiver - kind of like misplacing the tv remote . with 3 handsets , we are spoiled . also our house has a few phone jacks but they are all located where we did not want a phone and no jacks in our den or living room . with the abilty to locate the phones anywhere in the house where there is an outlet , we were able to place one in our living room and another in our bedroom ( which we can turn the ringer off ) .
corded phones with features are becoming harder to find now-a-days . my home needed one corded phone for sure fire communications during power outages , mobile phone down for whatever reason , etc . this is one of the few corded phones with caller id and no answering machine built in . the greatest feature of this phone is it has a hold button so one can place a call on hold while one gets high tech cordless , etc . also with the built in speaker phone this phone is great in the kitchen . highly recommend this for your one corded phone in the house
wow , who would 've thought that you could get such amazing products , at affordable prices . the staff 's friendly and responds quickly to any questions that you may have . this is one amazing phone system ( uniden tcx905 ) , i forgot that it 's a cordless .
bought this for my son who is in iraq . he does n't leave his tent w/o it ! ! stands up fine to the dust and heat with no problem . has more room than he expected . the price was less than the smaller one he wanted from a competitor to amazon.com . so glad i found this one on amazon instead
i 'm going to cover compatiblity , sound , and comfort . overview . although i wish these were as cheap as the ipod , $ 39 + $ 6 shipping isnt bad either . i have done the heat treatment ( using boiling water ) and the headphones seemed to open up more . when the headphones came in the box , the ear pieces were really close together . so i can easily see how these bands can crack easily when put on your head . i plan to heat treat these again to spread them out more . sound . sound quality is excellent . comfort . the only thing i do n't really like is this style of headphone . i do n't really like the band to go around the back of my head , causing my ears to support the headphones . i like the ones that go over the top of your head . compatibility . i have a inspiron dell laptop and these suckers can connect to it easily without using a transmitter . these can also connect to just about any mp3 player of all sizes ( psp also ) because it comes with a small 8 mm jack extension cord . features . coolest features with this compared to my other ir sony wireless headphones is that this can go through walls ! about 3x feet away
i am overall quite pleased with these headphones . the sound quality is excellent . i 've not had any problems with interference , background hiss or anything of that nature . battery life has been excellent . i have not actually ran them all the way down to see just how long they 'll last , but i use them to listen to music at work for the better part of 8 hours a day and they have n't failed me yet . the only reason i would not give them 5 stars is that they can be a little uncomfortable after prolonged use . i 'm not really a big fan of this " sport " style of headphone , and probably would n't have tried these if i had n't gotten them on clearance . but , i found that after experimenting a little i was able to get them situated to feel pretty comfortable , even wearing them the better part of a workday
the keyboard is good quality and the best product i could find for the price . i recommend if you are looking for a low profile keyboard w/numeric entry pad that takes a mimimum anount of desk space . the keypad has the feel of a large notebook computer . so makes a great docking station keyboard if you are used to the slim kepads on most modern laptop computers .
first off , let me say that this is a very impressive monitor . my points of reference for that statement are my other three lcd monitors : three samsung models , two of which are 913ns and the other is a 712n . these two samsung models are advertised to have the same contrast ratio rating as this viewsonic , and their advertised brightness ratings are 20 points higher than this viewsonic . surprisingly , i actually can see the brightness difference between the samsungs and this viewsonic , but , for my taste and needs , the samsungs are simply too bright , and i end up turning down their brightnesses anyway . for high light , daytime use , i have found that i do like to have the brightness all the way up on the viewsonic , but i truly do not see any need for it to be any brighter than it is capable of being . installation was simple : in fact , something that might be helpful to those of you who are buying this would be that , interestingly again , the drivers that are on the viewsonic website are actually older than the ones that came with my installation cd , even though the driver package that is posted on the viewsonic website claims to have been posted only a few weeks ago . when i first installed this monitor and turned it on , i truly do not think the picture was as clear , or the graphics as rich , as any of the samsung monitors that i own . but , and this is another tip for new users of this product , the default setting for the viewsonic screen contrast was set much lower than the maximum setting . when i increased the contrast up to its maximum setting , i believe the clarity and quality of the picture to be nearly equal , if not fully equal , to those on the other lcds that i own . one big plus about this monitor is that it comes with a dvi cable included , so you save that added expense ( this is n't true with all viewsonics ) . and , especially with the digital connection , i have no doubts about viewsonic 's claim that this monitor has nearly twice ( 5ms versus 8ms ) the refresh rate as the samsungs . i have to admit that i was n't sure i needed a widescreen display , but i believe it 's going to be a challenge going back to the standard ones ! this is a really a fine monitor ! now for a few small negatives . one reason i have n't purchased viewsonics in the past is that they put a fairly tall bar on the bottom of these screens to accommodate speakers . i already have a fine speaker system set up and connected to my computer , so i really have no use for monitor speakers . additionally , those viewsonic speakers always raise the monitor height up much higher than i 'm comfortable with . strains my neck . the reason i really did n't worry about it on this monitor was because , while there are speakers , they appear to be nearly half the height of the normal ones on other viewsonic monitors . with that said , i have to admit that even this speaker accommodation bar added a bit more to the screen height than i had expected . for example , on the 17 inch samsung monitor , the bottom of the screen is 3 3/4 " from the desktop . on the 19 inch samsungs , it is 4 inches . on this viewsonic , the bottom of the screen is 5 1/2 inches above the desktop . it 's not bad , but it 's going to take a bit of getting used to . if all else fails , other monitor stands are available . as with most electronic products these days , there is very little in the way of documentation . the 87 billion language installation card tells diddly . the .pdf manual that is installed on the computer simply says the standard self-explanatory things . however , i found the interactive help program on the manufacturer 's website be quite useful in helping fix a few small problems , surprisingly . all in all , i 'm very impressed so far , and i 'm really looking forward to using this monitor ! by the by , shipping from amazon.com was amazingly fast : it shipped the next day , and it arrived the day after that . i ca n't complain about that speed ! my only question is why they would need a weight surcharge on this but could ship an extremely heavy wood lathe for free ? go figure ! anyway , a solid four stars for this monitor
i 'm using this ap , along with a netgear 802.11g pc card to test streaming live/recorded tv to other parts of my house . seems like a capable product even if i did n't use the 108mbps feature . however , be sure to update the firmware or the ap might not work correctly . when i first received it , configuration was easy enough but it had trouble working with my netgear and hp centrino notebook . both notebooks will get a signal and even connect be failed to obtain an ip address from my network 's dns server . a firmware upgrade solved the problem and the ap now streams tv realibly from my living room to the kitchen . i noticed that there is are hordes of wireless aps around my house , i guess most neighbours are using some form of 802.11 wireless as well . however , this d-link ap is able to function correctly abeit all the other aps around ( 2 using the same channel as mine i 've found ) . overall , recommended if you want a good ap . just be sure to update the firmware
the sound quality is pretty darn good , except that if you pace around while talking/listening , there are these annoying clicking/scratching sounds . they are quite , and , if you stand still they go away . i 've had other phones that click/scratch while pacing around , and they actually dropped some of the sound during the clicking - at least this phone does n't do that . my 900 mhz dss uniden did n't have these sounds ( while pacing or otherwise ) , and still had greater range . i do n't know why the new technology ca n't measure up . still though , this is the best 5.8 i 've tried . ( yet i 'd rather buy another 900mhz dss if there were any on the market anymore . all of today 's 900mhz are analog instead of digital . )  another annoying thing is that you ca n't recharge the phone with the belt clip attached , so the clip goes on and off ( and on and off ) . ( many ( cell ) phones have a charger that allows this . )  the plastic is a bit cheap . do n't drop this phone . my friend has one and it has n't worked since it was dropped . ( i have n't tried the bluetooth yet , and have yet to see how good the battery life is .
i got this base and added 6 tcx805 handsets to it . the whole setup works great . i got this base because it supports bluetooth through to my cell phone . that features works well , there 's a slightly longer pause as it connects through to the cell phone but that 's trivial . i will say this , you need to keep your cell phone within about 20 ' of this base . i just take mine off , turn on bluetooth and it automagically pairs up with the base . so if you want the cell dialing feature and like the more traditional upright handset , get this base and expand it with other handsets .
this product is great - allowed me to connect a distant printer to my computer by hooking two of the extension cables together . worked right away - no problems
this is a great headset for my use . it is very clear . i use it for work , and i only make use it periodically throughout the day , making about 10 calls daily so i do n't wear it all the time
researched a lot before i bought this tv and for the money , this one was hands down the best 32 " lcd . also , amazon had the best price by far and it shipped to my house in a timely manner with no major issues . i mainly use this tv for my xbox 360 . you will not be disappointed if you are planning on doing the same . the game mode does enhance the picture a great deal as well . i provides sort of an anti aliasing effect smoothing out some of the rough edges . all in all , after owning the tv for about 2 months now , i could n't be happier . to get around the poor speakers , i just plug in a nice set of headphones and games sound great . i 've also hooked up an hd antenna and regular cable . hd channels have a very good picture over the air . some football games almost look better on this than on my 42 " samsung dlp downstairs with the hd cable . there 's also a nice antenna button on the remote which quickly swaps between cable and the over the air antenna . the only drawbacks to the tv are the 1 component input and the fact you ca n't use the pip with the cable connected , only the antenna .
i had a zen vision : m but i returned it because i decided i did n't need quite that much storage capacity and the hard drive seemed to sputter and whirr too often and i wanted the peace of mind that comes with owning a flash player compared to a hard drive player , so i decided to go with the zen v since it 's interface is almost identical to that of the zen vision m 's ( which i liked ) . the first thing you will notice is the physical design . initially i was n't that impressed , but it 's really grown on me . the height x width dimensions are comparitively much much smaller than the ipod nano . you can actually wrap your entire hand around the device , and the soft finish feels very nice in your hand . the second color that fills the seams of the player is a very nice touch as well . the music is organized your standard artist-album-song interface that is becoming quite a bit stale in my opinion . still , it 's as simple as you can get i suppose . the device officially supports album art although it seems to be very hit-or-miss in that regard in my experience . the screen is vibrant and colorful but is very hard to see in bright sunlight . the middle joystick is used for navigation and it works very well in that regard , although wedging your thumb underneath to move upward can be tricky sometimes and result in an accidental button push . a dedicated volume control switch is found on the side and a hold switch on top . the player syncs with wmp11 via usb connection . syncing it is a snap although i was not impressed with the transfer speeds . also , if you sync the tracks on your player back to another computer , album art will not be attached to the music tracks . if you are a newbie to buying mp3 players make note of the different sized models . the 2gb model for instance advertises that it holds 1000 songs but these figures are theoretical maximums based on low quality files . most of my files are mid bit-rate wmas and i can fit about 500 songs on the player , half as much as advertised . summary :  pros : excellent physical design easy to use interface good navigation great sound quality  cons : on-the-go playlist creation is flawed album art support hit-or-miss slow transfer speeds from wmp11 accesories rarely available in brick-and-mortar stores  ultimately , i recommend the zen v over the ipod nano mostly on the strength of it 's vastly superior physical design .
i have had these speakers for over a month and i love them they sound awesome . they were delivered quickly and they were brand new as described
i read the other reviews for these speakers so i had very high expectations . i can only say wow ! the premium price ( compared with lesser 2.1 speaker systems ) is absolutely justified
for reference , i 've owned a set of labtec apx-6420 2.1 speakers for about 6-7 years now . with the purchase of a a new computer ( mac pro + cinema display ) i decided it was also time to upgrade my speakers . i spent a very long time mulling over different brands and models , listening to them in stores whenever possible . of the major " pc speaker " makers , i recall sampling altec lansing , logitech , klipsch , bose , creative , and jbl . aside from listening in stores ( a poor environment ) i also took into account personal experience with the brands ( mostly the first three i listed ) in regular " home " situations . i initially wanted the klipsch promedia 2.1 's because of the fantastic reviews they 've gotten on amazon and elsewhere , but was turned off to them because of the apparently poor build quality ( parts breaking very quickly ) , along with reports of buzzing , the power switch being on the back of the subwoofer , my impression of them in stores , and experience with a friend 's promedia 4.1 's ( which neither i nor him really cared for , and which recently broke ) . i tried as many logitech speakers as i could in many different situations and decided i hate all of them ( with the sole exception of the z-5500 's which i own and love ) ! the bass especially sucks on their speakers . so... through all this i eventually came to the conclusion that altec langsing was the brand i wanted to go with . and if that was so , it had to be the fx6021 's which i had been eyeing for years . the first time i heard them in a store i declared them my favorite of the selection at the time and the same is still true . these are probably the best sub- $ 200 2.1 pc speakers you can buy . even at their msrp of $ 250 they 're probably worth it . these speakers a very nice ! the sound is very clear and sharp . get ready to hear all the distortion in your low bitrate digital audio files . the speakers especially shine when listen to live recordings or anything that was produced by real instruments ( i.e . not techno , though that sounds good too ) . subwoofer is not " boomy " or " buzzy " like others have reported . i never use the equalizer in itunes and have the bass at about half . it 's very deep , rich , and discrete . does n't shake the floor or cause my neighbors to complain--yes , i live in an apartment too and bass is a concern of mine . for those who complain about the bass : maybe you should n't have gotten 2.1 speakers ? maybe your units were defective ? or perhaps the subwoofer was placed in a very poor position ? i know sound is highly subjective , but those reviews just do n't sound right to me . pros : * tall , sleek , and sexy satellites provide a nice wall of sound and match the cinema display perfectly . * bass and treble have a * large * range of adjustability . 50 % of either is plenty enough for me . * power button on control pod * this is important : no buzzing . not while they 're on , not while they off . 100 % silent . cons : * volume adjustment is digital and moves in " notches " ; these notches are n't always small enough . i much prefer a regular analog knob . * remote is a bit useless * while they look good and perform well , they feel a little cheap * get ready for lots of cables hanging from your desk and all over the floor ( on the other hand , long cables are a pro as well )  and finally , do n't be fooled by specs . yes , other speakers may have more watts of power and thx certification , but that really does n't matter as much as it might seem . these are more than loud enough for any sane person ( 100 % volume would probably wake up the neighborhood ) . i really did n't pay any attention to the specs , i bought them because they sound the best
i 've owned these altec 's for over three years now , and i have yet to ever coming close to replacing them - as a matter of fact , when facing the decision of buying another set of speakers for a new computer , i went ahead and still purchased these babies ! sound quality --- the sound quality is very crisp and excellent overall - i have used mine for video editing , and i 'm very pleased with how clear the dialogue audio has come through , in addition to the special effects sound - unless you need a five speaker system ( or comparable ) then i 'm confident that this is the most crisp sound you 'll find in any speaker  volume --- these suckers can get loud - just take my word for it  compatibility --- this is the part i love most - there is no software to install and no special plugs - the speakers plug right in , and very easily , into the audio jack , just like a pair of headphones would --- thus , hooking in a computer , ipod , cd-player , etc , is easy as heck , making these speakers extremely universal for any sound equipment  controls --- the speaker system comes with a seperate remote , giving one access to adjust the volume , bass , and treble , all seperately from the computer 's controls -- the knob to control the volume , and other functions , is easy to use and makes for quick adjustments  size --- the speakers are extremely thin and the subwoofer is a very manageable size -- placing these speakers is easy  price --- believe me - it 's a bargain at under $ 200 ! ! ! overall , i give my full recommendation here -- you 'll love these speakers
my sound improvement was n't as dramatic as many people describe , likely because i already had my computer wired to a good reciever and speakers , but i did notice an improvement over the integrated system i have once i made some adjustments . if you listen to rock , pop , blues or jazz , this card can make everything seem a bit brighter and punchier . it also seems to improve pandora internet radio streams even more than my mp3 's , though i have to keep the volume at about 3/4 in the pandora player to prevent distortion . if you mostly listen to classical on a good stereo , i 'm not sure if this card will do much for the sound , but it might
i wondered what kind of mouse i would get for $ 60 . i kept thinking , what could be so special about it . well , i do n't know where to begin . i like it so much , i 'm getting ready to purchase another one just to use at work . i used a microsoft explorer mouse prior and thought i 'd never find a mouse that was as comforable to use and had all the extra buttons i needed . this mouse completely puts the explorer to shame . it took me a few minutes to get used to how quickly it responds but i soon caught on . i really did n't care for the glowing or the chameleon paint on it . that 's not why i got it , although it does look pretty cool . as for gaming , i really did n't notice much improvment in my skill but it really does feel better in your hand . the bottom of the mouse it curved in so you can grip it much easier . my only negative comment towards it is how cheesy the driver and gui is for it as it looks " homemade " . i would highly recommend this mouse for anyone who spends any time at all on a pc
i got the razor diamondback a few months back and have been very pleased with it 's performance . for gaming it 's great , but i do not recommended it for everyday mousing around . the resolution on the diamondback was the selling point for me , and if that 's something your interested in you will not be disappointed . it 's really super sensitive and has improved my accuracy quite a bit . i do have a few gripes with it 's design , but with 1600dpi that can be overlooked ! oh , it looks cool when the lights are out the chameleon green paint is a trip . design problems that i have noticed... buttons squeak , button placement is not optimal , it 's kinda small for people with big hands , programmable buttons take to much force to operate which can cause erratic mouse movement . if you have a second mouse to do your work with this makes a great gaming specific mouse , highly recommended
i decided to upgrade my laptop with the wpc54gs from the wpc54g . i did this because the " g " card would randomly disconnect when the wep or wpa security was activated . living in a home near about 6 other networks i really wanted the router and wireless network secured . so , i purchased this card to see if it would fix my problem . i can happily say it solved the random disconnect with wpa security turned on . the range is just fine and all my network connections seem solid . have not had a disconnect yet , over the last 5 hours . the reason i took away one star is the fact on the wireless network monitor v2.1 there seems to be a flaw . when i connect to the network and internet the monitor says it is hooked to the network but unable to find the internet . obvious by my submission of this review , the internet can be found and used . all in all a good product that functions just fine in my a45-s121 toshiba laptop . phil ( mesa , az
this was easy to set-up and use . it receives the signal from the router in all the rooms in my house
camera works great ! the first one i ordered did not function correctly but amazon promptly replaced it . resolution is good and audio is a great bonus that works very well . a great feature for me that i found was not available on all other devices was the ability to have video stored on a network folder . additionally , there is no software required to run this
a device like this either works or it does n't . this one happens to work
i had no problem with the product . the directions were pretty simple . problem : i never received my rebate information ! ! !
the first week i had these , the left earpiece 's plastic " rails " which hold the earpiece in its slot broke . the parts that seem to need the most strength structurally are fasioned with cheap plastic . sound quality is great , with music playing and noise cancelling active , a normal conversation is barely audible in the background ; great for crowded offices . battery life is good , i 've gotten 24 + hours using a nimh rechargeable
i ordered these headphones from amazon based primarily on user reviews of a number of noise cancelling headphones . i am quite pleased with my purchase . though not stellar audiophile quality , the sound is pretty darn good , and with some minor eq it 's excellent . the noise cancelling effect seems to work very well : much better than i expected . furthermore , the headphones are very comfortable and seem to be solidly constructed . i highly recommend them
i recently bought a new 6.0 megapixel digital camera ( canon powershot s3 is ) which came with an extremely small and practically useless 16mb secure digital card so i bought a couple of these 1gb pny psd1grf3 secure digital cards since they were on sale for less than $ 20 apiece . these sd cards are made in japan by toshiba ( they are then rebranded and sold by pny , lexar , daneelec , etc . ) and i have been very pleased with them so far . they work flawlessly with no write-speed delay in my new camera while shooting still pictures or while shooting video with stereo sound , and the card reader in my hp pavilion m7480n media center pc ( running windows xp professional service pack 2 ) reads the pictures and video into my adobe photoshop elements 4.0 and premiere elements 2.0 software programs with no problems . the only drawback is that the read-speed on these standard sd cards is a bit slow when compared to the newer and faster sd cards...it takes several minutes to transfer all the pictures or video from a full 1gb card onto my pc...but i find this to be a small inconvenience rather than a big problem . so , if a little longer read time is not a problem for you , then save yourself some money and buy this card . overall , a very good standard sd card at an excellent price !
there is n't too much to write about this except is delivers as stated . great product for the price
i set up a small security program with my macintosh . intially i needed a pc to place the settings in the camera , however once i got it hooked up to my security system it works beautifully . i would recommend you leave the lights on though because if you do n't you will be getting just a black , fuzzy dark image back if you are using this camera for security . this camera is a very simple easy to use camera without the fuss of zooming , pan , tilt etc . if you need a simple camera you ca n't go wrong with the d-link dcs-900 ( wireless or wired version )
what can you say ? i placed my order with amazon.com . a few days later the product arrived at my door . perfect
the quality of materials : zipper , hard case , strap and light weight are outstanding . when i connected my mp3 player , the sound was impressive for a-carry along- portable stereo speaker . next , i took the mp3 out of the speaker case and loaded my dt 200v pocket radio ; again the sound was very good and even loud at a low volume setting . now the minor negatives : changing the volume , etc . requires going into the zipped case . other than the ipod , be careful in selecting this speaker . the player , radio... can not be more than 4 " high , 2.5 " wide and .75 " thick ; larger and you may not be able to zip closed the speaker case , which is necessary . my items just do fit . so the quality sound and materials make this a fine product , especially for the money . other products reviews have greatly helped me decide what to buy , this is why i did this review . please do the same for others as you buy products .
i bought this package purely for the keyboard . i wanted a new one with wireless technology and i was driven to bluetooth just because it is so reliable . i do not use the keyboard and mouse together , however . the keyboard is one of the most comfortable keyboards i 've ever used . i am a computer programmer so having a nice keyboard is essential . the pad at the bottom is very comfortable and the keys are very well spaced and organized . the only real compliant is they cut some corners with the home , end , page up , page down , and delete keys . they moved them around from the conventional way which i still have n't gotten used to but it 's fine . i have experience no lag with either the mouse or the keyboard . i play a game called stepmania ( a sort of dance dance revolution clone for pc ) which requires very accurate timing with the keyboard . i 've experienced no problems here , it 's spot on and probably the fastest ever . the only problem , really , is it takes a while to register if you have n't use the keyboard for a while since it must turn back on from sleep mode and reconnect . after that however , there are no problems at all . i do not use the mouse with the keyboard . i decided to use it as a mouse with my ibook since it had built-in bluetooth . i had absolutely no problems connecting the two devices and it works flawlessly . i do n't use the mouse very much , but the times i do use it i experience no problems . both the range on the mouse and the keyboard are extremely nice . i can go anywhere in my room with either the mouse or keyboard and experience no problems . the battery life on the keyboard is also very nice , esspecially since it has the built-in sleep feature . i have had to replace the batteries once since i got the unit in january of 06 ( currently june of 06 ) . i have not had to replace the mouse batteries yet , but i do not use it very much . others complained about not being able to use the keyboard in the bios or startup screens , but i have n't had any issues with that . it depends on how recent your motherboard is , and mine is relatively new so i had no problems . i highly recommend this setup to anyone wanting a wireless keyboard or mouse , or if you want to split and use the mouse with a laptop and keyboard with a desktop . either way , you can not go wrong with this package , it is extremely excellent
i recently purchased these speakers for my patio setup . the sound quality wont blow your mind , but it does not sound bad . its large and lound enough to hear for an outdoor speaker for the price . it has a switch in the back for outdoor/indoor . not really sure what that does . very easy installation with the brackets included . ( no screws provided ) overall great unit for thye pric
i agree that these cables are way too expensive ! ! however that being said , they really do perform well . i have been using them for almost a year and they are just solid . colors always look their best . i know it was a silly purchase but my dvd 's look great .
overall , a good phone . low cost . well built . many features . speaker works ok for the price . features such as caller id and the speaker phone are powered by batteries . as stated by another reviewer a set of batteries only lasts a few months , even if you do not use the battery-powered speaker phone often . this phone would be a great phone ( for the price ) if it did not use batteries , but was a plug-in model
for a long time i was looking for a phone to use with skype . for the price and convenience , actiontec internet phone wizard was the best i found and ordered it from amazon ( $ 42.99 with free shipping ) . after receiving the modem i have been using it for almost a month now and i am extremely happy . i have connected my codeless phone to it and everything seems to be working fine
this headset is everything that i hoped it would be and the seller rates 100
you can never go wrong with this paper . i always buy it here , the price in stores is outrageous
my experince shows that it is always better to use paper from the same brand as your printer . then the result is really outstanding print after print . the paper is really top quality and regardless of your needs it will satisfy them . bravo canon for this first class product
agree with the reviewer who called this a 'perfect product' . it is . a ) take it out of box b ) plug it in c ) you 're networked  elapsed time - approximate 15 seconds . compared to the pain i went through trying to get my slingbox working with a linksys game adapter , installing slinglink renewed my faith in technology . awesome
i purchased this to use with my newly acquired slingbox pro . all i had to do was plug these into wall outlets and connect the lan wires . worked like a charm...could n't believe it was that easy . great performance and good price from amazon
bottom line up front :  works very well , very low price , works much better with the included drivers than with the generic windows xp driver  detailed review :  i bought this so i could use my new treo 700w with my non-bluetooth-enabled laptop . the price was my main motivation in buying it . initially i just plugged it in and used the default windows xp drivers and it worked okay , however it did n't always work and i 'd have to unplug/replug for my phone and the device to find and talk to each other . after getting tired of that , i decided to install the drivers that ship with the product . i 've had a much better experience since i did that . i was afraid the software would be really clunky given the cheap price , but it 's actually quite good and gives you a ton of options that the standard xp driver does not provide . if you use a this with a laptop and you dock/undock it , you 'll have much better luck if you stop the adapter prior to docking/undocking . otherwise , you 'll probably end up having to unplug/replug it
this is a corded mouse ; fits comfortably in your hand . moves smoothly across table surface ; works well on a mousepad as well if you need wrist support . worked out of the box ( except for the application button ) for the different buttons on the mouse . the internet buttons allow for a page forward/ back with your thumb . there are also line up/down buttonw above and below the scroll wheel that allow for more control in scrolling . the scroll wheel feel good , better than some other mice i have used . i opted to use the native windows xp mouse driver , so the application button does not work , but the windows taskbar is not much of a hardship : - ) ; and i prefer not to clutter up my system with another set of marginal utility software
it has very good definition but is slow , even in the night is not that good and is slower
while the product description states this battery is " compatible with motorola t5320 , t5400 , t5420 , t5600 , t5620 , t5700 , t5720 , t5800 , and t5820 2-way radios " the 53615 is compatible with many more . to bad amazon could n't put this online for us . from the packaging : t4800 series t4900 series t5000 t5320 t5400 series t5500 series t5600 series t5700 series t5800 series t5900 series t6500 series fv500 series
i purchased this phone system as a gift . i set it up and used it extensively . the handsets have features that you are used to finding in a cell phone . many different ring tones to choose from , the antenna lights up when a call comes in . you can even set special colors and ring tones for specific callers so you 'll know when they 're calling without picking up the handset . talking caller id is great too . no more rushing to find the phone only to discover it 's a sales pitch or a call that could wait . i set this phone up on a voice over ip cable modem phone and the calls are loud and clear . the phone is running next to an 802.11b/g wireless computer network and has no interference at all . one suggestion to make the batteries last longer : do not leave the phone sitting in the charger all the time . this will basically be constantly charging the batteries and will wear them out much faster . instead leave the phone off the charger until the battery alert beeps and the phone displays " recharge " on the screen . then let it get a full charge . you 'll find that the batteries will not need to be replaced for a year or more instead of 6 months or so
i was looking for a new pair of headphones to compliment my brand new ipod nano when i ran across these on a website . i was a little hesitant at first because i do n't think i ever spent over $ 40 on a pair of headphones . i finally decided to invest in these because i spend most of my free time listening to music . i received these the other day , and immediately plugged them into my ipod . please do n't let the breaking in period discourage you ! after these become comfortable , you will hear music you have never heard before even when you are listening to songs you have heard thousands of time . i started with all my heavy bass tracks , and could n't believe how they sounded with these headphones . i then wanted to try some of my jazz and blues tracks to see how these tracks sounded . this is the first time in my life john coltrane has given me goosebumps ! if you are debating on whether to spend this kind of money let me make it easy for you . if you are just a casual music listener , i would say just go with a good pair of cheap ones , you will save a lot of money . however if you are a passionate music lover and collector , these headphones will change your music completely . after getting comfortable with these , i would have paid much more than i actually did
this is the ultimate ears super fi model especially designed for " bassheads , " featuring a disproportionately large bass driver complemented by a more conventional driver for the middle and high frequencies . i do n't think ue would ever claim that what results is a balanced sound signature . yes , the mids and highs are present and the quality is clean and reasonably detailed , but these frequencies are definitely recessed and with some kinds of music this can result in an unnatural kind of reproduction . on the bright side , however , the bass reproduction is marvelous . not only is the quantity/extent of the bass frequencies as powerful as any headphones or earphones i 've ever used , the quality is excellent . the bass is tight and pleasant , neither boomy nor thumpy . this overbalance toward bass frequencies renders the ue 5 eb 's ideal for use when listening to music in which the bass is presented " front and center , " including techno bass ( aka " car audio bass " ) , drum n ' bass , and many types of rap/hip-hop . for music in which the basslines are prominent but comprise part of a more balanced presentation overall , opinions will vary . with rock music , for example , the strong bass is certainly a plus , but i have found that sometimes the bass overpowers the middle frequencies too strongly , and some detail is lost . it should be noted that this bass-dominated sound signature renders the eb 's a good choice for people who own ipods and feel that their music player is weak on bass . without any eq adjustment , the ipod suddenly is transformed into a player where the bass is present . in terms of build , the eb 's superficially seem well-constructed and designed . i have heard complaints , however , that the thinness of the wires and earpieces render them vulnerable to breakage . be careful out there ! thoughtfully , eb has includes a variety of ear tips with these iem 's ( including foam , flanged , and plain ) so that users with different sized ear canals can get a good fit . the eb 's do n't extend deeply into the ear canal , which is a mixed blessing . on the one hand , this means that if you get a good fit of the earpiece into the entrance to the ear canal , comfort is good and isolation decent . however , if the fit is not quite right both comfort and isolation will prove frustrating . making the right choice of ear tip is absolutely essential when using the eb 's . oh , and some people think that the eb 's look kind of strange when worn . larger than the higher-priced super fi 5 pro model , the eb 's stick out a bit . your call as to whether this is a problem . like all of the ue iem 's in this series , the eb 's are packaged with a nice set of accessories , including a 1/4 " adapter plug , a sound attenuator , a soft travel case , an earwax loop , and a silvery metal storage case which includes a winder that helps head off what is always a problem with iem 's , cord tangling . it 's unlikely that the eb 's will prove satisfactory as your " everyday " earphone unless you listen solely to bass-dominant types of music . the truth is , however , that even for bass-heavy music the overall sound signature of the super fi 5 pros is likely to be more satisfactory for most users ( i own both ) . but as a second pair specifically for use with bass-y music , the eb 's are well-designed and definitely fun
we have this for our 30gb ipod and it works fine in both our cars.....very handy and a must buy ! !
this is the 2nd gamepad i 've owned ( my first pc was in 1993 ) . the 1st gamepad was the gravis gamepad ( 4-button + d-pad ) . i recently upraded and there is no game/midi port on the new system , plus i need more buttons for need for speed most wanted , etc . i love this controller . i 've had it for two days and have had nothing but excellent results . i 've only used it in nfs games ( i have them all ) . the wifi works flawlessly and i have a wifi network in my house . installation is simple and takes maybe 3mins . the rumble only works on games which have forced feedback software . this is totally understandable . the feedback in nfs-mw is very slight but that 's not the controllers fault , it 's a matter of programming by ea games . i like the weight of the controller . it 's not feather light , so with that motor and battery weight added , it feels more like a premium device ( just like the 67 $ with tax i paid for it - canadian dollars ) . i did n't like how my gravis gamepad as so light , so this is a step up . the analog sticks are a great for racing as they are progressive like a steering wheel . they are rubber gripped for non-slip action . i am used to the d-pad , so i have mine setup in nfs to use both as a directional control without having to press the mode button to switch because you do n't have time during a race to press a button before switching . it works as well as my old gamepad , but feels betetr and has extra buttons and the other features listed make it worth the money . if you in the usa , you 'll be getting a much better deal . it lists for 60 $ cnd here but only 30 $ us in the states . cons :  it 's not as comfortable to hold as i would like but its much better than my gravis gamepad and the buttons are easier to hit on the new one . conclusion :  i 'm very satisfied overall and i knew i may have to get used to the way it feels when i hold this controller since changing from the old snes style gravis gamepad . 4/5 rating only because it could be easier to hold
we have had this phone for almost a year and i love it . we have the base station which is also an answereing machine plus we have a sattelite phone . i wish we had more satelite phones . i love the talking feature because i just listen and know who is calling . i also love the programming feature . i never have to look aup a tel number that i call regularly anymore . i just wish the extra phones were not so expensive to add on . great phone buy it
the system worked out of the box allowing me to quickly link up additional devices in an in-home office which had a single network connection . have n't measured simultaneous throughput to multiple computers yet , but from simple observation connectivity seems transparent . should allow for movement to gigabit switching in the future as well
this cable is of the best quality , quick shipment and at a price that beats all the retail stores - you ca n't go wrong
i did buy a set of 2 " base station and extra handset " . its a great design , tons of features , mp3 ring ton , picture caller id , sync with your pc for phone book , answering machine , etc . i am very happy with . thank you so much for such great product with a great price
i work at a home office so i am on the phone lot . i always buy cordless phones i can use with a headset so i can have both arms free while i talk with a min of background noise intrusion . in other words , i do n't talk with the phone cradled between my shoulder and ear . and i do n't use speaker phone features . let 's just get that out of the way now since those are things some have complained about that i could n't care less about . this phone first of all looks good and feels good . it was built with high quality plastics and metals on all surfaces . it has a nice solid weight to itself . nothing tacky or cheap about it . it looks far better in person than it ever did in pictures . and it looks pretty good in pictures . i like how the bases are designed such that the antennas serve a double purpose as cradle supports for when the phone is docked . clever design . the charging base light and back-lit buttons all look very slick . the screen is attractive . a big step up from back-lit lcds or no screen at all like my previous phone . i like that you can very quickly find and hit mute , adjust volume , and page through your caller history . the belt clip goes deep so the phone stays snugly attached to you pocket when you are walking around . i know many 5.8 ghz phones do n't mention that only one direction of communication is at that frequency vs. both directions ( as 2.4 ghz sometimes gets used too ) . i do n't know for sure if this phone falls into that category , but i was in the market for a 5.8 ghz phone to avoid interference with my wifi networks as well as to avoid microwave oven interference with my calls . one thing 's for sure : this phone definitely is immune from my microwave oven . in the past when i was on a call heating up my coffee , static and voice quality went way down unless i got far away from the oven . with this new phone i can stand right by it while on high w/o any impact on voice quality . one other very cool feature is the spare battery charger . while it 's nice that the battery can replace a unit that runs down in a handset right away , the best part is if you have a power failure . your phone will keep truckin ' and there is never a need to replace that battery with some short lived 9volt waste of time . finally , i like how the phone by a bedside basically doubles as a digital clock . the phone base unit picks up the current time from the caller id info provided by the phone company and uses that info to automatically set and broadcast the current time to all headsets and base station . no need to manually set the clock . and when not in use , sitting it is dock , the phone 's screen displays the time . so far i 've found the voice quality to be best of any cordless phone i 've owned
i bought this for my kids computer when i bought a new one for hubby and myself... these speakers sound better then the more expensive ones i have... . i highly recommend these speaker
i wanted a top quality palm with the bells and whistles . this is pretty close to it but i had a few problems with the email and web features . granted i am not a techie , but connecting and checking email should be more straightforward . all the other features are top notch and overall i love my palm
i purchased this item for a long trip so i could charge and/or play my zen mp3 player in the car without worrying about battery life on the trip . it worked great . i am also planning to use it for my notebook in the car the same way because the car adapter for my notebook costs $ 100
i have searched and searched and searched for a pair of portable headphones that sound as good as these with lots of failure . imo , you can not beat the sound of a set of &quot ; over-the-head&quot ; headphones . i have tried all styles : earbuds , behind the neck , clips , even the ear plugs . nothing gives the sound and comfort of the ktx pros ( granted , i have never tried the sportapros or portapros , but from what i have read , they are the same headphone . except they are ugly ! ) . the ktx pros have both great lows and great highs . plus , you ca n't beat that price
for the price is is great . it 's working fine but the plastic is not solid and has a feeling of low quality .
i thought that this flash drive was above average in performance . works well between a macintosh and a pc . i liked the feature--missing from my last flash drive--of easily emptying the drive after use without having to some fancy erasing techniques . in other words , the pny worked like a real hard drive . i would like the manufacuters to explain in detail how to attach the tread to the laniard . it took me a while to figure it out
with so many of these ipod speaker docks on the market , it was sort of struggle to decide . ultimately , i felt very comfortable going with the bose brand . plus , in my opinion , this is about the sleakest and best-looking unit out there ( i went with black ; i 'm not an apple-white drone ) . the sound is very , very good for small to medium size spaces . there are not a lot of features to the unit , which i think is a good thing - it just focuses on the sound and the small footprint . mini remote control work well and again the small size makes it unimposing in this world of too many remotes . power cord is plenty long and i like the fact i can easily move the thing to a different room if i need music there
well , the bose sounddock is a wonderful music dock . its very simple . just put your ipod on there and rock out to the beat . the bose quality is very obvious , and it looks like you could spend 300 dollars on it , which brings me to my next point . its too expensive . my recomendation is to buy an fm transmitter and listend to your ipod on any fm raido . the only disadvantage of an fm transmitter to this is that this will charge your ipod , and its slightly easier ( but thats what ipod is all about , isnt it... ? )  basically , im saying buy it if you have a lot of mone
i 'm a jogger , and like to listen to all things considered while i run miles and miles . this radio is great because the light weight is unobtrusive . it has a convenient " lock " button to prevent accidentally changing the station with a bump . i previously had a similar size unit from aiwa , this sony has much much better reception
this works well , allows you to view imported photos , but it is a slow proccess best left for the hotel room . just plan on taking plenty of batteries and the charger for your ipod .
this card is the largest size that will allow clean video with finepix cameras from 2004 or earlier . the picture-to-picture lag time is minimal with this card and video is excellent . from fuji website - " note : for owners of finepix cameras made before 2004 , check notice below for the operating compatibility of older finepix cameras with type m and h .
i was devout in my belief that i could get similar photo output from my canon s800 with less expensive paper . i bought those big boxes of 100 sheets of kodak 's photo quality glossy from costco . my prints were blotchy . then i got my hands on some of canon 's photo paper pro , and my pictures were magically crystal clear . the difference is amazing . i never would 've thought paper would make this much difference . i 've since bought canon 's 15 sheet packs multiple times . i now use the kodak stuff for drafts or to give prints to people who do n't care much about the quality of the output , while i save the canon photo paper pro for prints we want to frame
this stick is fantastic for high resolution photos and is lightning quick . do you need the extra speed the msx-m1gn gives you ? maybe , maybe not . but at least you have it when and if you need the feature . highly recommend it for the money .
those people giving these speakers low reviews because they do n't have enough bass are idiots . i do n't know what people expect of these little speakers , but it is difficult to imagine them delivering as much bass as they do . these are amazing little speakers that have accompanied me in all of my travels ; from paris to camping in northern california . i can not imagine going everywhere without them . they are not equivalent to a $ 10k stereo system , but they are not meant to be . all i need is my zen touch or zen micro and these speakers . do not listen to the other reviews , these speakers will make a decent stereo of your mp3 player . enjoy them anywhere
i have used vosky skype call center ( usb07051c-01 ) for about a year now as my only home skype in phone ( paying $ 3.16 a month ) after getting rid of verizon ( for which i was paying $ 50.00 a month ) . pros it works most of the time although sound quality is not as good as regular phone . easy to set up . cons once in a while the phone will keep on ringing even after you hang up and then you have to exit out of the vosky software and start again . you need a computer . in summary good value for money and the best way to use skype as your phone until phones that can be used without computer like skype wi-fi phones netgear and belkin come down in cost and their bugs are worked out ; or a phone adapter like this product comes out that plugs directly to the router
although i could go on and on about how skype has changed my life forever , i will try to address the issue at hand , and that is the polycom communicator . basically i love the concept of the polycom communicator ! when i first started using skype i used a usb headset that works great . the problem is that it is a serious pita to put the thing on when someone calls because i have to either a . try to untangle the cord before accepting the skype connection , or b. answer the skype connection then try to untangle the cord . if i chose option a. envariably i would miss half the calls , if i chose option b. everyone would always comment that i sounded so desheveled when i tried to answer the call . well , now with the new polycom communicator all i have to do is answer the call . as far as the quality and performance of the polycom communicator...that is the only reason i did n't give the item 4 stars . it seems ocasionally that when you are in large conference calls that the polycom communicator will cause feedback to other peoples lines . it is really sporadic though , and i ca n't seem to reproduce it consistently . also , the driver for the polycom communicator has crashed on me a couple of times . so despite the downfalls that i mentioned above , there is no way i could give up my polycom communicator now . i simply love it , i just wish those other issues never happened
well , actually i bought this nice cable , at amazon marketplace great offering that it was , for an hdtv tuner , which bombed in my neighborhood . so , i never did get to unpack the cable . but it 's in the closet , and it knows it 's a good cable . great cable , @ great price , thru amazon
i 'm a creative fan so these are the first logitech speakers i ever bought and i was pleasantly surprised . i was looking for a set of speakers for my laptop but since the portable models are more expensive ( and probably will not sound as good since being portable means no sub-woofer ) i decided for this not-as-portable model . well , these are perfect to keep on your desktop ( though the ideal placement of any sub-woofer is on the floor close to a corner ) , as it has a small sized sub-woofer all controls in one the speakers . these speakers sound really nice , slightly superior sound to creative 's corresponding model ( sbs 350 ) but with less output power ( creative 's sbs 350 sub-woofer is larger and more powerful )  pros :  - headphone jack and power button in the left speaker - no " wired remote " ( which adds more clutter to your desktop ) - nice design for the price - even cheaper than creative 's sbs 350   cons :  - small sub-woofer - no " wired remote " which means you have to keep one of the speakers close . - no bass control ( which usually means too much bass if your audio source has no equalization control
i bought one of these to replace the standard 32mb card that came with my camera . wow , now i can store a ton of pictures . the price on the ep memory cards are awesome too
i have the quest 2 , but i 've heard that this also fits the quest . i bought it because , while my dell laptop backpack is well padded , i wanted to make sure that my quest 2 gps was protected " just in case " . this case fits perfectly , literally like a glove . when i got it , i was sceptical ; it looked to small , but i was wrong ; the dimensions are perfect . and there is more than enough padding to protect the gps from harm , yet it is small enough to stick in a jacket pocket , which i sometimes have to ( late day meetings where i leave my backpack at work ) . all in all , it 's another great product from garmin
i have been using these fans for the stalls in our horse barn for years . it keeps the flies away and cools down the whole barn . the barn is dusty and the fans collect a lot of dirt . i wash them down each year and they are like new . the fans i have now are on their third barn year . in a normal house i 'm sure they would last forever . they are a little noisy , but the horses do n't care
i purchased this dashmount so i could swap the gps between vehicles without having to install a permanent mount . i do n't know what the " feet " of the base is made of , but it is basically like a rubber version of a lead blanket - it is heavy yet is very pliable . this is useful since my dash ( a 2004 f-250 ) has an uneven surface . i can press and mold the feet to put the base in a certain position and under most circumstances it 'll stay there . occasionally , on long or " bouncy " trips , it 'll creep out of position a couple inches and i 'll have to move it back . i 've seen some comments complaining of that - but i do n't see it as a problem since common sense says it wo n't stay perfectly still since it is n't bolted in place . overall this mount has worked very well . my wife is going on a business trip next week and will be borrowing the gps - i do n't recommend she take the mount though - since the thing must way at least a couple pounds - too bulky and heavy to put in a suit case in my opinion
i got the dash mount because a friend recommended it . i thought the windshield mount worked fine except it was difficult to remove from the windshield . i felt like i should remove it each time i parked somewhere . also , there was a fair amount of vibration since it usually was dangling . the dash mount is very heavy and flexible enough to " mold " to fit the surface of the dash . however , it kept slipping off the surface of my toyota avalon until i found a little sticky pad to put it on . that solved that problem . anyway , it is very easy to move it to the floorboard and cover it up when i stop , thus effectively hiding it from the temtation of a robber
this is my first hotas , but i did a good bit of research . it is very easy to set up , and the sst programming is very helpful setting the shift key . the joystick is easy to move , which is nice in a close dogfight . i am very glad that i bought this hotas , because i have had no problems with it . i highly recommend this system to anyone
...for a surge protector . but as far as i can tell , it 's doing its job . plus it looks kind of neat
we bought this drum set for our 2 year old who is obsessed with the concept of drumming & marching . this is a first class set and as noted is almost too nice . this is a huge step above the tupperware and pan lids our little guy used to use for his personal parades . the drum is a bit heavy,large , cumbersonme for a two year old and of course is loud . the cymbals are also loud but do have a professional sound quality . do recommend this purchase . it does come a bit steep at $ 30 but is a very nice looking and performing set . if you little one gets hooked on drumming via the pots and pans , spoil him/her with this first-class set that they should be able to use well into their childhood
i found this as the perfect solution to fill in some dead airt space in my house downstairs given the internet connection is upstairs and so far , other wireless solutions have been marginal . i really wondered if the ethernet over powerlines would really work or if the 802.11g would really work . so i get my new extender kit , unbox it and plug everything in without bothering to read the directions . lets be real , this stuff should be plug and play and it was . it came right up and worked and has worked for the past three months flawlessly . i have decent range downstairs , it works with the macs and the pcs and doesnt seem to care a whit . i can highly recommend using this product as the primary connection or as i did , extending an existing network without having to pull cable or put in multiple 802.11 bridges
i have had no problems with my mini cruzer usb flash drive . it has been recognized without exception by multiple computers and has performed flawlessly
i actually bought this for a friend of my mine . he says 'sony never disappoints '
if you 've got a treo 650 , you do n't need a gps device . simple as that . the smaller-than-a-small-filet-mignon gps device talks via bluetooth to your 650 , which attaches to your windshield via a well-engineered holster . the charger charges 'em both , or not , as you see fit . the instructions are clear and to the point . the installation instructions are slightly out of date - you do n't need a card reader to make it happen , after all - and the user experience is , in my case , outstanding . if you 've got a 650 and you ever drive somewhere unfamiliar , buy it
when i purchased this product a couple weeks ago i wanted to make sure this purchase was worthwhile . i studied many other speaker stands and it just did n't seem i would have been getting the same quality . i received this pair a few days ago and originally thought they may be a little complicated to put together . they only took about twenty minutes to assemble and put my cube speakers on . the stands look great and go well with the cube speakers . i am happy i made this investment and will enjoy these for years to come .
i have this drive and been sucessfully using it with backup on my mac . i would recomend it for off line storag
just enough space to save video , photo , music etc... all your files in one place and also is compatible with mac... i love it .
look around in your local electronics stores and you 'll find either hugely expensive players or single tape units . this player allows tape-to-tape duplication as well as the ability to put two of your old collection in and listen uninterrupted . sure , it 's not a 100-disk cd carousel...but how else are you going to listen to some of your best stuff ( that you probably taped yourself ? ) . this , or the other teac dual-cassette units , should find a place on your shelf
after having used crts roughly the size of small cars for my entire life , i finally jumped on the lcd-flatscreen bandwagon . this acer 19 " lcd makes me happy i did ! mostly using my computer for gaming and movies the color , brightness , and size of the screen really matters to me . this monitor really nails all three of those areas . it provides vivid , crisp colors ; it does n't wash out the picture with super-brightness ( what my old monitor did ) , nor is its display too dark to catch the action ; and the 19 " screen seems to have the perfect balance of immense screen size yet incredibly low desk size
monster has went over the top on this thx component video cable . instantly noticed a superior picture
e'nuf said - epson always leads the way with printers and papers . you ca n't go wrong ! ! ! order was filled exactly as requested , and arrived in better than expected time . the packaging was excellent . i 'll be back for more soon
i have bought 2 packages of them , 100 sheet each . quite satisfied . the printing are really excellent and professional .
i bought this paper after my mom gave me a box of epson 8.5x11 paper she did n't need . i was really impressed by the quality of the pictures rendered on that paper by my printer . when the paper ran out i looked for an economical replacement and found the price of most photo papers to be prohibitive - on the order of 40 cents per page . since you can only get 2 4x6 pics from a letter-sized sheet of paper , that comes to about 20 cents per print , not counting the cost of ink . finally i stumbled upon this paper - epson s041727 - and the price per print was around 12 cents , which rivals the cheapest internet photo printing services i 've found . if you print a lot of 4x6 pictures , this is a great value for a great product
hands down epson paper is the best photo paper on the market . at this price its a no brainer.a + + + + + + + + + +
this adapter is functional , is easy to use , enables continued use of backlight , and saves the batteries for walking with the emap after arriving in a strange town . when i want to connect other media while driving with my family , i use a 12v 3-outlet car power adapter . despite another wire , it 's a worthwhile accessory
i have no complaints about this flash drive . it does what it should , is easy to use , has enough storage to backup all my digital pics from my hard drive ( so far ! ) , and is not expensive .
yup.. . they connect my cable modem to my router , and my router to my computers . they transmit data back and forth . so far they have failed to burst into flames or snap off and poke me in the eye . so go patch cables ( yay ) .
i love it but its been a battle trying to get used to the sensetivity and pressure of holding the pen . i 'm glad i bought it but it is something i can not use all the time
this has helped me significantly in drawing in the computer , for programs such as adobe illustrator , adobe photoshop and macromedia flash . drawing with a mouse is like drawing with a brick - so buy this piece of equipment if you need to draw in the computer ! it also works well as an overall mouse for your computer . it even comes with a mouse if you prefer to use that instead of the pen . plugs right into your usb drive and works almost instantly
i bought this to illuminate the keyboard on my 12 " apple powerbook when i work in the dark . it works well , and shines impressively bright and wide . i even use it to read by simply sitting it on its back on my lap as i read in bed and pointing the lamp at my book . it 's too bad the lamp 's arm is n't telescopic or it 'd make for a perfectly good clip-on booklight right out of the box . this device is well built , folds into a form that protects it from damage , even when thrown in a laptop case full of stuff that might crush something built less solidly . and it has a nice retracting usb cable . the retraction device for the cable , like most i 've seen on devices like this , can be a bit finnicky but with the right pulling technique works correctly about 90 % of the time . update , may , 2005 . the light died . no idea why . so , maybe it 's not as good as i thought . :
...to really take advandage of this . installation was super easy , although i ran into the ti thing like another reviewer . oh well . not much more i can say about this product ; it works and that 's all that really matters
i found this device to be relatively easy and comfortable to use ( one-handed , no less ) , and accurate to within 15 ' + /- under tree cover of greater than 90 % mature alder and fir - once locked onto satellites under clearer overhead conditions in seattle wa and using an external gilsson antenna mounted atop a hat . satellite aquisition under the trees did not happen the few times i tried . the display is excellent under sunny conditions . downloading waypoint data into a text file was simple . i have n't used it yet under driving conditions , so i ca n't speak to using related features . were it damaged or stolen , i 'd buy another one without hesitation
there are so many times where the actual ink , can be the difference between a good copy , and a not-so-good copy on paper . with hp black ink cartridge # 21 , it is very convient , and easy to setup into your hp deskjet 3930 series printer . this cartridge is very inexpensive , and affordable for hp printers . i think of it as a must for your hp printers . while there are cartridges that are difficult to open , and install into your printers , this one installs in a snap . i really recommend this for my new hp printer , and so will you if you own a hp printer for this ink as well . price : b  convience : b +  overall : b 1/2 +
it works with all my devices , it has several outputs for your different devices , no complain with it.. .
so far it has been terrific . radio and downloads are easy to sort out and use . downloading was hard , but i finally got it . the sound quality is the best thing , however . it is better than my big stereo . napster does n't do this mp3 however
let 's just say i am 39 and holding and have wanted an mp3 for years . my birthday was last week and i bought myslef the pink 4gb nano . it is easy to use , but i have to agree it takes some time on itunes to import cd 's , the ipod updates fast but the cd import is slow . the sound quality is good . i like that it is small and lightweight . the screen is bright and easy to read...even with not so young eyes . i looked at other brands but am glad i went with the leader . i did n't need or want to watch movies on a tiny screen...just tunes . i 'm sure 1000 songs will hold me . i looked all over at prices and amazon wins ! the free shipping is a great bonus also . the case may look delicate but it feels very sturdy to me , i have had it in my pocket and it is just fine . would highly recommend this mp3 . it is cute to boot ! this not so young person thinks it is way cool
i had been storing my music on a 2gb card in my palm pilot . i was having a lot of trouble transferring the music , with many errors , not to mention how long it took to transfer . i finally decided to get an mp3 player . a friend kept telling me about the sandisk sanso . there were some great features , but the bad far , far outweighed the good . too many of the same problems over and over , and many people returning them . i got my apple ipod last night and have hardly put it down ! i did a lot of research first and was hard pressesd to find negative feedback about this item . this thing is great ! i was up till 3am listening to my music . the sound quality is so much better than i had expected ! i really like the case i got ( tuffwrap accent by xtrememac- walmart and radio shack ) because it is really tough rubber and all of the holes are in the right place for the new nano . the only thing is that the unit does not slide up into it completely because of the square corners of the nano . the case has more rounded corners in the top , so the nano does not line up just right in the case . it is good enough and you can still use the controls . it is only about a 1/4 of an inch at most . i am just picky about it lining up correctly so this is a bit annoying . but the case is still great as far as protection . i also bought the belkin tunebase fm transmitter for the car . it is similar to the monster version . i did not like the belkin version at all . i ended up going and getting the monster fm transmitter at radio shack . it works great ! i like the fact that my ipod lays in the console rather than sitting in a dock ( some of you may prefer the dock ) . i like that i can pick up the ipod and use it sort of like a remote to the radio because i can operate it easily without looking down at the dock . i can even hold it while driving if i want to flip through the songs while driving rather than having to reach over to the dock . the sound of this transmitter is great . some areas you might get a bit of static or station bleed through while driving , but this is minimal and is usually not a problem . i find this happened a lot less with monster than with the belkin . the belkin had a nasty hiss over all of the songs . people are talking about this unit not having a radio on it , but i find that i have so many favorite songs on it that i do not need a radio . when i do have a radio , all i do is channel surf for songs i like anyway . this way , i already have all the songs i like at my fingertips ! i think these headphones really make this nano great ! i was so surprised when i first heard this little unit play ! for something so tiny , it rocks ! i am really glad i followed my gut and went with this unit instead of dealing with frustration first by getting the sanso . this new nano is a must have !
well the most important thing about buying ink and toner for your printer is price , and amazon.com has beaten every on-line price i have seen . as for the toner itself , hewlett packard toner is top . i buy this product for two reasons , 1 . it 's what fits in my printer , and 2 . i know when i buy the c3906a , i am getting what i payed for , a quality cartrige that lasts . one last note , twords the end of the cartrige life , a small line appears in the content of my page letting me know its allmost time for a new one . simply shake the cartrige , reorder , and by the time the new one arrives , the old one is finished
i 'm not much of a techie . but , i do have lots of documents and pictures that i ca n't bear to lose should my computer decide to konk out one day . i used to back up my most important files on cd : an overly complex and tedious process involving multiple cds and lots of time . but , with this 2gb flash drive backing up my important documents is just a matter of plugging the device in and selecting which files and folders to synchronize . the files are copied over to the device quickly , and easily . the 2 gig storage capacity allows me to backup all of my most important photos and documents on one handy removeable drive . scandisk even includes a " synch " software that simplifies the process of identifying and copying your important data . ( the software also helps you copy over your outlook messages , folders , appointments , tasks , and other data that used to be difficult for me to find on my hard drive . )  also , i can imagine that the use of the synch software with this little drive would made it very easy to keep the data on your work machine syched up with the data on your home machine . physically , the unit is small , sleek with a case that feels substantial . the retractable connector functions smoothly and allows the case to protect the connector when not in use . this thing is great . i only wish i 'd started using it sooner .
i ordered the apple ipod shuffle sport case because i wanted something to protect my ipod from the elements and just general bumping and scraping . it works great , and you can use your ipod without taking it out of the case . i have n't taken my ipod out of the case except to charge it , or to change my playlist . it 's a " must have item " for anyone with an ipod shuffle
after reading the dec. '04 review in computer pilot i ordered it . fine tuning is a bit involved but repetition makes the curve easier . configuring from one a/c type throttle to another is easy with the downloadable manager from ch prod . compared to the goflight modular system this is great value . unless $ $ is no object and you 're not interested in building a home cockpit , the ch line of av-sim controls is well suited to the aspiring and advaced flt . simmer
i have had my pocket pc for quite some time now , and i love the convenience that it offers . plus :  - great color screen - fast and easy to use . - cradle adaptor is nice so you can able to sync files from pc to pocket pc . - includes word , notes , calender , calculator , recorder , window media player , etc... ( helpful ) - expandable  con  - although it is expandable , you ca n't use your memory card to do anything but save materials . i am unable to listen to 256 mb songs... but i have to copy and paste song from the card to the pc every time i get sick of listening to the same song . - low battery life ! other than that... it is great... user-friendly... and helpful if you are busy student or a college student.. . i use it to :  1 ) types notes in class ( why carry a laptop when you can get this ) 2 ) mp3 player... besides the issue above , music quality is great... easy to transfer from pc to pocket pc . 3 ) calender and agenda... ( keep important dates in check and be on tops of things
i found out the way to copy photos from my compactflash card onto the ipaq . it 's not hard but more complex than necessary . i also found out how to send the ipaq in to have its screen replaced . a hassle . its screen and/or stylus should work together so they do n't produce scratches in the first place
excellent service , five days is all i had to wait and saved a lot of money . could n't be happier . im a new razr owner so everything is new to me . cd installed without any problems ( windows xp ) . i had a cable so i now have a spair . i just wanted the phonetools cd . i would gladly do business again-thanks
i also ordered the antec sx-1030 ( which has yet to be shipped ! arrgghh ! ! ) . according to antec , the 1030 includes 2 fans , but has space for 2 more , which is where this one comes in ! for those of you wondering what size &quot ; small&quot ; is , it 's an 80mm fan . good airflow ( do n't know actual cfm ) and pretty quiet
i 'm a d-link refugee and this card has been just great . my home connection has been very good , i 'm in a basement and have no idea where the router is ! swapping wireless networks is a breeze as i travel around - it can be easily configured to automatically find one wherever you are . very reliable , quality construction , easy to install and no problems with w2k . this is my 2nd netgear card ; also have the fa511 wired adapter about which i can say the same things ( except the wireless bits ) . definitely recommended and worth the extra cost if there is any
i had originally bought a linksys , without doing any research beforehand... thinking all routers were more or less equal... oops ! hardware was poor , the interface was wonky , customer service was a joke . i was re-booting it every few minutes under moderate usage , because it keep dropping my dsl connection or completely locking up . i just replaced it with a dgl-4300 based on all the positive reviews , and have been very happy so far . i do n't need or use any of the advanced features for gaming ; but already i 've been very impressed with the dgl-4300 since it has n't dropped any connections since i bought it last week . you get what you pay for
i do n't get why other mounts cost twice as much . i bought this to hang my 42 " panasonic and it is great . can someone tell me why the omnimount costs so much more ? i do n't see any " functionality " differences . and with the mustang tilt mount , i have been tilting it at least 10 times for either adjustments or disconnecting/reconnecting cables...it is so simple
i got this phone about 1 month ago and i like all the features of the phone,volume control ,caller id,large display window and you can add up to 10 more hand set
handy traveler accessory . retractable usb cord very nice . had a small problem with moto adapter , one of the locking pins would not release . was able to get release wire reseated under release button and all working fine now
i found this on clearance at another retailer ( i guess not everyone likes pink ) , and it 's fabulous . i thought it might be just for skinny-armed people , but not so ! i 've got plenty of room , it fits great , and it does n't move . still looking for a solution to keep the earbud cord out of the way , though . makes mowing the lawn way more fun
i have been a dj for a almost 5 years , and this are the best headphones i 've ever had . the h250 headphones are light , confortable , and great acustic properties . it is true that the bass is a little loud , but thats exactly what you need if you 're playing in loud and crowded clubs
when i first came across this particular microphone i had my doubts . considering the price of it i just could n't see it holding up for what i wanted to do . to my surprise this mic exceeded my expectations . for recording vocals this mic is amazing . a real professional sound for a extremely low price . i definitely recommend this mic to anyone out there looking for an in expensive way to make professional sounding material
i have some decent mics in my cabinet , as well as a nice preamp , a/d converter and fire wire interface for my home multitracking setup . i was n't expecting as good or better quality than i can already get , but i hoped the samson c01b usb studio condenser would at least give me a decent sound . the idea was to have freedom and portablility that my studio set up prohibits . i was not disappointed . installation was no more complicated that plugging the cable into a usb port on my laptop running xp and the other end into the mic . it is far from the best mic i have , but it is certainly not the worst . i have read reviews that say the recording quality is too thin , but i found that not to be the case . the noise floor when recording with the samson is a little high , and it is lacking in headroom compared to any traditional mic through my millenia preamp . i have to record at slightly lower levels than i am used to , but for $ 79 , i am not complaining . there is no significant latency recording 16 bits at 44100hz in fasoft n-track studio . the ability to plug this thing in and record at a whim is quite liberating . way to go , samson
could n't get any sw stations , but am and fm worked great and the hand crank charged up the cell phone , after a lot of cranking
no problems so far ; does its job . ( if you are setting up a wireless network , get windows xp . 1 click and you 're set up .
i bought this to scare away the opossums that come into my back porch at night . i used a 3 prong adapter with this to plug in a lamp and a radio . when they pass it , suddenly music and a light goes on and they scoot away fast . it is great to use if you want a lamp turned on when you walk in front of it , or anything else you want to use it for
product-wise , the card has worked fine , but then memory cards generally either work or they do n't . product was shipped in a timely manner , and the price was reasonable
originally purchased to supplement & provide a tangle free connection to power source.after reading product manual,powersquid should be connected to dedicated power source 110 volt outlet.it is not recommended that powersquid be used with temporary power strip application...with or without surge protection . use of power sentry 5-outlet powersquid should be used in accordance to sound electrical application . do not overload or connect grounding cheaters in non-grounded 110 volt systems.use with stand alone generators should be closely monitored and powersquid not be used beyond generator 's capacity
very good case for the price . actually looks more expensive . ca n't go wrong
i wanted a case that was small , slim , and just carried the laptop . perfect ! i have a briefcase for files . i did n't need anything bulky . this case was exactly what i was looking for , for the right price . i have a new gateway tablet p.c . and with the larger battery and battery placement , this is a snug fit , but at least i know the computer is n't loose inside . i really like this case
cuando compr    una toshiba satellite m105 con pantalla de 14 " , eleg    este maletin porque lei que sus dimensiones se ajustaban al equipo . el interior est    forrado y cuenta con las divisiones suficientes para llevar el cargador y los cables de poder de la notebook . asimismo puedo incluir documentos , mouse y otros accesorios . el asa es c    moda y la correa incluida es ancha y ajustable al largo que uno desee . estoy satisfecho con esta compra
the 6500b was the last one i tried of three . i 've had cordless panasonic phones break too often in the past so was reluctant to buy one again . but the other choices had major drawbacks . i really needed a two-line phone that was n't 2.4ghz . the first i tried was the uniden tru8866 . it had a bad echo on the extra handset and other people complained about that too . this phone uses phone company voice mail ( no built-in ans mach ) - which is fine - but i had the vm system go bonkers so lost all trust in it . for over a week messages accumulated but we got no stutter-tone so did n't know there were any new messages - arrgghh . not the phones fault i know but it required vm for messaging so nope . next i tried the new motorola md7081 . i really wanted to like this phone . it 's a 2-line 5.8ghz ans machine like the panasonic 6500b . i liked it 's simplicity and easy switching between line 1 and 2 . had battery backup for use during power outages and the best voice quality of the three . but , it 's answering system has no message counter . that alone is no big deal but it did n't have any indicator to say whether you had any saved messages . when a new message arrived it blinked and such - all good . but , if i got home , say , and listened to a message for my wife , the blinking stopped and no indication of " 1 saved message " or anything . so , i would have to write a note to her to check the messages . we 're so used to relying on seeing a message counter and just listening to them if it 's not zero that we thought this would become a nuisance . i also would have liked an auto-line-selection so it would automatically answer the ringing line or select a non-busy outgoing line . but , that would have messed up their simpler style button function - hmmm . the panasonic , i am surprised to say , ended up being my favorite . hopefully it will be reliable . i was always bothered by panasonic 's phones losing the date/time with any little power outage . happily , this phone sets its date/time from caller-id info even though the manual implies it would n't work quite that way . with the right settings and phone company options ( busy-forward ) , it elegantly supports two lines as if they are one . i really like not thinking about which line is what - just pick up and talk . the 6500b has good voice quality and reasonable range . it 's much lighter than earlier caller-id handsets which i like . i also like their shape of handset the best . my gripes are the limit of 4 handsets - i would like 6 or 7 . also , ca n't name the handsets so with intercom you have to remember each number
i love my new monster fm transmitter ! it 's very easy to use and the reception is great
besides all opion regarding this new calculator , i would like to say , it is very nice , good design , options , features , a huge screen and modern color . so far , i have n't navigate deep inside it , it is not similar as 48gx , so you 've got to expend some time to know how to use it . i bought it since there is not a better calculator than this ( 48gx is unique but obsolete
easy to install , gret price and now i have surround sound on my pc . woowho
i thought i was going to have to try to track down some headphones for kids until i ran across these ! they are super comfortable and seem to block the world out . i 've been using them for about 3 months now and could n't be happier eventhough i 've got a healthy dose of ear wax building up on them
this is n't my first mp3 player . i have a couple of the years and since my last one died i was looking for a quick , cheap replacement . i also needed a flash drive for work . do n't underestimate this , if you use the net at a library or cafe then you 'll realize that 1. not all players/drives are recognized as drives and/or 2. you 've got to carry an extra cord with you to plug into the usb port , which gets annoying quickly . when you clean out your purse and discover you do n't have it with you . with this you get both in one . it has a built in usb port which is recognized fine in most operating systems , even win98 . the sound quality is good , i ca n't tell the difference between this and my $ 100.00 player . the controls do take a few seconds to get used to , but once i did i find i preferred them . they are easy to use one-handed . an unexpected bonus is that its great for audiobooks ! if you turn off the player , it starts back up exactly where you left it , be it in the middle of a song or in the middle of a chapter ! its small without being too tiny , its design is simple enough that there is nothing to fall off or get lost and technophobes wo n't have a heart-attack . its does n't hold a lot of music at only 128mb or have a shuffle feature , but if you need to carry more than an album or 2 , or need extra features then you 'll want more than this player anyway . the best feature is the price . i found this one at my local toysrus for $ 15.00 . it also plays both mp3 's and wma . it wo n't play aac but if most of your music is this format you 'll better off with an ipod . this would make a good first player for a kid or for someone who needs a usb drive and music without all the bells and whistles . i 'm giving it 5 stars because it does exactly what i need it to do without any hassle
i decided to purchase this item because i needed to get sd memory for my g/friends digital camera , so i chose this one because of the price and the brand . sandisk is known for their memory . well , no need to say more , this thing works great . i will buy another one but with more space anyday . thanks alot san disk
just got this one at sears , and was only $ 20 so i grabbed it . the canon a400 i have only came with 16mb so i needed more space . the 128 is much faster and easy to format than my old one . love it ! ! ! go out and buy one today ! get sandisk not lexar , they break all the time ! ! ! ! !
how many pictures will it store ? it is the most commonly asked question from digital camera enthusiast but usually the question that is the most difficult to get a straight answer about . well , considering i worked in the memory industry for over 7 years i can help clarify this perplexing question and do so unbiased as i have since changed industries . the sandisk sdsdb-128-a10 secure digital 128mb , like most 128mb cards , will store on average 142 pictures when used with a 2 megapixel camera , 106 images when used with a 3 megapixel camera , 64 pictures when used with a 4 megapixel camera , 51 images when used with a 5 megapixel camera , and 40 pictures when used with a 6 megapixel camera . these numbers are based off the assumption that you are going to shoot your images at the highest quality jpeg setting available for the camera and understand that they are estimates and may be off by as much as 10 percent due to numerous factors including the complexity of the scene being shot and the compression algorithm used by your specific camera . i truly hope this review was helpful to you in determining whether this card is the right capacity for your specific needs
if you buy this service plan , print out the contract ( found at the top of this page ) and keep your receipt . i did not purchase the plan , but looked over the contract intensely since i nearly got it . some notes on the contract : 1 . it is only good in the united states ( including washington , dc , but minus maine ) , but it does not include guam , virgin islands , etc . so if you are in another country or outside the 50 states + d.c. , this contract will be nothing but a waste of money . 2 . this contract is transferable and the directions to do so are simple . 3 . they will only fix/replace/etc if the manufacturing warranty no longer covers the item . that is , if the manu . warranty is still good , you have to use it . 4 . if the item needs to be shipped , shipping/handling will only be covered if the manufacturer would cover those costs in their warranty period . if the item is being replaced , " you will be responsible for the delivery or cost of delivery of the covered product to our authorized service center . reimbursement will be issued in the form of a check payable to you . " i 'm uncertain if that means you cover those costs or they reimburse you . 5 . no lemon policy of 3 service repairs for the same defect , and a upon the time of a 4th repair , as determined by them , they will " replace it with a product of comparable performance . repairs performed while the product is under manufacturer 's warranty do not apply . " ( does n't sound like a great no lemon policy... your product would have to breakdown in the same way 4 times in the number of years they cover you -- many electronics are typically already covered by the manufacturer for 1 year . ) 6 . there are numerous conditions that they will not repair for , but they all sound typical of such plans ( such as , they do n't cover accidents and they do n't cover " the elements or acts of god " ... sorry , i had to note that second one since it stuck out to me from the other things ) . but , in all seriousness , read the list before you purchase . so , now that i have summarized much of the contract , if you want to get the service warranty , please read the contract since i did n't cover everything ! ! ! ( do n't hold me liable since i do n't have much money anyways . ) also , i think this is typical in warranty contracts , but you will occassionally see the phrase " at our discretion " in the contract . assuming they are n't jerks with their discretion and are n't too tough to deal with , i would give the warranty 4 stars ( minus 1 star for the crappy lemon policy ) . i did n't get the coverage because the product i was going to get it for had just made into the next price category ( so it was pricy for my product , being at the lower price end of the scale )
there is absolutely nothing that we do n't like about these panasonic phones . the sound quality is excellent as is the range . very happy customers
i have had mine for a week . i had a non mapping garmin gps 12 for years , which was misplaced . i bought the navigation kit at the same time i ordered a 60 cs . it makes what i bought for backpacking usable as a car navigation tool both in the city and out in the boonies . i had no problems loading software and maps , upload or download from/to my gps . i am impressed by the softwares ability to " recalculate " in navigation mode . if i ignore the suggested route , it continually adapts to suggest a new route based on where i am . i am sure that some portions of the database is not current as far as new roads etc . are concerned but i am impressed with the degree of information that is currently contained . i have gotten messages regarding keeping right for example ( to avoid being caught in what becomes a left turn only lane ) , and knowledge of one-way streets etc . the real test is yet to come to negotiate san francisco 's endless no left turns , one way streets , construction and limited freeway on ramps ! !
three months later , i 'm still amazed at how cheap this amazing piece of hardware was . granted , it does n't vibrate , nor have a zillion buttons , but it definitely performs admirably . it is comfortable and the buttons respond well . the unit feels well-built , and connects to the computer easily via usb . and as a bonus , it looks pretty too . :
i bought this based on the overall positive reviews . good sound quality , and a comfortable fit . i did n't find them to be too tight at all . for a low-end pair of headphones , i think they 're pretty impressive
the cups of these heaphone are a little small and they do fit snuggly on my head but after stretching them out a bit i must say they are very comfortable . if you dont like them at first wear them for a while , they will grow on you .
if you went to circuit city , you would see this is $ 30 there . here its only 8.99 ! with fast shipping i only paid about $ 16 total , half the price of circuit city . those type of stores ( best buy , circuit city , compusa ) are a total ripoff when it comes to these cables . buy from amazon.com ( eektech will ship ) and you save lots of $ $ . thanks eek for great service
works great , good quality from belkin as usual . hard to beat for the money
i 'm using the product as i respond to this request for a review . sufficiently compact for ease of packing in my laptop case . no technical issues ( so far ) . tracking is excellent . has worked flawlessly under daily working conditions . recommend highly
this mouse works perfectly fast and easy without problems even if you do n't install the software . if you need a cordless mouse this is what you have to bu
as the title states , this is an excellent wireless mouse . works right away with windows xp , no driver install or software needed for two-button and normal scroll capabilities . software allows for extra button assignment , but could use some work . i have had some trouble finding the menus i want when i want to find them . for example , i have an issue where i can not find the extra button assignment menu after plugging in the usb receiver after a system start-up , however i am able to find those menus in the software if i remove and reinsert the receiver . but as i said before , superb mouse function and tracking...this thing works on upholstery , leather , my jeans , and thick carpet ! !
the v200 is another great logitech product . it is far from the king of the mouse , but when it comes to the notebook it does n't get much better than this . it takes two aa batteries ( so get some rechargeable batteries to save on costs ) which slide into the top of the mouse by pulling back on the palm rest to reveal two slots . the mouse does n't weigh too much heavier than the two mouse batteries themselves . this is a two button mouse with a tilt wheel . with the setpoint software you can alter what the buttons do . overall the design is good . there could be a problem installing setpoint . it may hang on install . if so you need to use the task manager to quit the install and then try it again . it should work . the usb receiver is 2.4 ghz and has a 10 meter range . wow . however there is one major problem with a wireless mouse for a notebook . usb dongles and receivers that are plugged into the side of the laptop are just begging to be snapped off . for this reason you should have the usb receiver on the side opposite the mouse hand , if you can , to avoid accidental contact . it should also not be hanging over the edge of the table . if you press it down lightly , then that is it , game over for the receiver and you will have to get a new 2.4 ghz receiver . so okay you will have to spend on a new receiver , if you break the old one . the receiver plugs into a small slot under the mouse using a magnet . when it is in the holder the mouse turns off . it does n't fit in smoothly . it creates a block shape in the bottom of the mouse . anyway you are not going to be using it when it is clipped in . the other thing is that it can pop out sometimes . just happens if the mouse just gets knocked a certain way . i am sure most notebook users are cautious with their notebooks and devices . if you are then a mouse like this and usb should last for a very long time . there is really nothing wrong with it . wireless mini mouse . fab ! however there is one last thing to say . if you do n't like the idea of a usb receiver then get a bluetooth version of this mouse instead . it is called the v270 . that is if your notebook has internal bluetooth or else you will need to get a bluetooth usb receiver and be in the same boat when it comes to watching your usb receivers . but if you have a bluetooth internal receiver with your notebook then by all means head over to the v270 and forget about this usb option . the usb design is n't a fault with the mouse ; it is just a fault with all notebooks that is not really a fault . you just got to switch to internal bluetooth or learn to take care of your receivers .
when i purchased this product i was a little sceptical , however , once i unpacked it and started using it , it was so absolutely easy to use , and the pictures have such a fine quality , and you can insert 4 different sizes of memory cards in addition to computer connection . so , i see it as a win/win product . the only draw back is the weight and size . i just do not regret this purchase with the price an added bonus as wel
first and foremost--i am not an audiophile , so i ca n't comment with any authority on the quality of the headphones themselves . they are fine for me and my listening habits--i find myself increasingly listening to podcasts when commuting via bus for which these headphones are perfectly fine , although when i do listen to my music the bass and treble response seems fine to me . that being said , what i wanted was a convenient way to carry my 2g nano so i could listen and manipulate the controls with the ipod handy yet out of the way . this lanyard does an excellent job of providing that and i would recommend it to anyone . so why four stars ? well , for a few reasons :  --only available in white . i have a black 2g 8gb nano . i 'd have liked to match it . --no lock or release on the base that connects to the nano . while the connector does fit snug with the nano and does n't disconnect so easily from the nano that i 'd fear it might fall off while walking about , i would have felt more secure with some sort of lock or release mechanism holding it in place . for this reason i would not recommend the lanyard to anyone doing any sort of strenuous activity or exercise--but hanging loose around the neck really is n't the best place for the nano then anyway . the armband would be more appropriate . --nowhere on the packaging did it say this was for the 2g nano ! i had bought a 1g nano lanyard at a local store and had to return it when i discovered it was incompatible ( the dock connector and headphone jack on the 1g and 2g nanos are not the same distance apart ) . when this 2g lanyard arrived , i could find nothing on the package that said " for 2g nano " , so i opened it very gingerly thinking i had received the wrong lanyard and would need to repackage it and send it back . i was very relieved when it did fit ! regardless , there should be a very clear " for 2g nanos only ! " label on the box to alleviate 2g nano owners ' fears and to warn 1g nano owners . all in all , i am very happy with the lanyard . it keeps the nano handy while leaving my hands free , and that was what i was looking for
it 's been through the wringer , and has had no problems after about a year . i came here looking for a replacement cap , but ca n't find one on amazon
i downloaded the driver from trendnet 's website before installing the adapter . i did not encounter any problems at all , including the issue that some users had with it disconnecting when they plugged in another usb device
the sennheiser hd600s have only one thing wrong with them : they 'll change you from someone who enjoys good audio... into an audiophile ! i 've been known as a videophile for many years over on one of the top av forums , but i 've always been satisfied with merely " decent " audio . until now . i 'd previously ripped all my cds into the ( previously quite impressive ) windows media format at 192k bps , but that 's now useless . with the phenomenal ability of the sennheiser hd600s to reveal all the subtle nuances of your music , listening to compressed discs is like listening to your music through a thick layer of vaseline . here we go again... it 's time to rip everything into lossless format . i can not recommend these headphones more highly - they are simply extraordinary . when your tastes become accustomed to this level of quality , though , life 's going to get a lot more expensive , as you try to update everything to match your new level of sonic differentiation . still , this is a bloody miracle . my ears have finally been opened . wow
having been a buyer of sennheiser products for over 10 years , i feel it is time i endorse a product i truly believe in , and have never been let down by . including service and customer satisfaction . each time buying a sennheiser product , i found myself stepping up to the next level of their headphones , because they simply keep improving their technology to the point that what you used to own by them gets overwhelmed by the latest headphone they offer . when i bought the hd-600 's , i had just come away from years owning the hd-25 . when these encountered a technical problem , i replaced them with a backup choice , the hd-25sp 's . the difference in sound going 'lower ' down their scale of products was just too much to bear . so i bit the bullet and went higher . whether you use sennheiser 's merely for pleasure , or for studio work , the accuracy of their sound , and what you get for your money can not be beat . my hd-600 's ran into a small technical glitch ( and sennheiser were extremely helpful in getting this fixed and replaced within 2 days of receipt ) , and i swear i nearly cried in their absence . hd-600 's give you a clear idea of how things were recorded , how good your system is , and what truly sounds inferior . you never listen to things quite the same way again . the reason my reviews of paul mccartney and john lennon albums from the 70 's all comment on how inferior the recording quality is ( especially compared to the so called ''economy class beatles' ' george harrison 's and ringo starr 's albums from the same decade ) , is down to what hd-600 's reveal . my main source of media tends to be vinyl , because compact discs and dvd 's still can not capture what analogue/turntable equipment captures . vinyl is simply warmer and more 'round ' in comparison to its digital counterparts . and when listening to badly recorded albums , hd-600 's make you wonder if you spent more on your headphones than the artist did using a studio . hd-600 's are the reason i mention time and time again you are not getting value for money when buying lennon and mccartney solo albums . listening to ''take it away' ' from 1982 's tug of war reveals an annoying tape hiss coming from the left side of the stereofield . which sounds much like someone forgot to 'silence ' a track that had a recording on it , before the instrument actually showed up in the song . it sounds totally like electrical / amp noise coming from equipment , and geoff emerick or george martin just simply forgot to keep this track silent until the instrument that occupied that track appeared in the song . it gets much worse than 'take it away ' on paul mccartney albums , and even more painfully so on john lennon albums . but listening pleasure can be found recording wise on their solo albums back to the egg , ram , double fantasy , milk and honey , and some portions of band on the run , and walls and bridges . # 9 dream is simply a gorgeous recording , it 's just too bad the rest of the album does n't sound as good as that one song . when you listen to your cd 's , vinyl , dvd 's in whatever room of your house your speakers are , the room dictates what you hear , no matter what you 've spent on speakers , power amps , woofers , sub-dividers , etc . whether you have wall to wall carpeting , high ceilings , low ceilings , plaster or cement , wood floors , a more long than wide room , it all affects how sound reaches your ear . which is why on a great set of headphones , you are more likely to hear how those sounds were meant to be heard , how they were recorded , and how much time was spent doing it . on speakers , mccartney 's jet sounds quite full , though the snare is a little thin . but when hearing the album with hd-600 's , the drums nearly become non-existent , and all the inconsistencies of the recording become so apparent , you wonder if the mix was sabotaged by someone . mccartney on drums is not a miracle , especially when you hear many of the mistakes being made by someone not as confident on that instrument as they are on bass . can i review anything without bringing up lennon and mccartney ? quite possibly dog food . but so far , they come up pretty regularly . makes you wonder if i 'm trying to prove a point does n't it . albums that are phenomenally recorded get due justice with sennhesier hd-600 's . they truly do . some noteworthy recordings from the 70 's and 80 's when recording technology ( for popular music ) was just beginning to reach new highs , that are all hd-600 friendly :  isao tomita 's the firebird ( 1976 ) george harrison 's eponymous album ( 1979 ) steely dan 's gaucho ( 1980 ) joe walsh 's the smoker you drink , the player you get ( 1973 ) 10cc 's the original soundtrack ( 1975 ) godley & creme 's consequences ( 1977 ) supertramp 's crime of the century ( 1974 ) xtc 's black sea ( 1980 ) peter gabriel 's 3rd album ( 1980 ) kate bush 's the dreaming ( 1982 ) earth wind and fire 's all 'n ' all ( 1977 ) level 42 's the pursuit of accidents ( 1982 ) billy cobham 's spectrum ( 1972 ) frank zappa 's one size fits all ( 1975 ) ringo starr 's goodnight vienna ( 1974 )  and a truly incredible sounding album from the 90 's , prince and the new power generation 's ''symbol' ' album from 1992 . albums not hd-600 friendly : todd rundgren 's hermit of mink hollow ( 1978 ) blue oyster cult 's agents of fortune ( 1976 ) paul mccartney 's venus and mars ( 1975 - and quite a few others ) john lennon 's imagine ( 1971 - and avoid 1970 's instant karma like the plague , the piano track will hurt you . . ) yes 's fragile ( often the guitars and keyboards hit frequencies that cause a lot of crackling and clipping )  and surprisingly enough , many remasters of albums once on vinyl or antiquated cd reveal the errors of fixing something that ai n't broken . if you have to save up for a pair , or do some heavy searching for hd-600 's that are affordable , do so . in over 10 years i have never been disappointed by anything sennheiser distributed , especially when i kept up with their pace .
i just purchased one of these and was a little sceptical after reading some of the reviews that stated how difficult it was to load the information into the unit . i had no problem at all . in fact it was quite simple . i am truly amazed at how acurate and easy to use this unit is . for the price , you ca n't beat it
i bought the transcend 1 gbyte card for my pda . my axim x51v immediately recognized it and is working flawless for the past few weeks . i am planning to get the 4gb model too which is currently retailing for $ 90 to $ 110 elsewhere . har
i was mislead with amazon review which said it supports conversion to mp3 format with the software supplied , it does not . the help quite clearly states " you can not convert a file into an mp3 file " . it will convert to .wav then you can use a 3rd party program to go to mp3 . if it had mp3 support ( at least conversion on the pc from the sony proprietary format which is .msv ) i would have given it 5 stars due to the good software supplied and the amazing sound quality possible . it you record in full quality mode ( 1.25 hours with built in 32meg memory ) and listen to it again with good headphones it does sound amazing . the voice up ( so you hear each person in a conversation ) works very well as do other nice features . but it is let down with the software supplied not performing mp3 conversion . going to .wav then .mp3 with another program is a pain and simply converting to .wav to get away from proprietary .msv takes up too much space . but i would buy one again , as it is very easy to use , small , and very high quality . i just hope sony would listen to consumers and support mp3
this is the same cartridge i can purchase elsewhere , but cheaper . it works well in our printer with no issues whatsoever and my hp printer prints fantastic photos when i use hp ink and hp premium photo paper
no complaints - i 'm pleased with the quality and price
before i bought this device , i was trying to enjoy the " hearts of space " website , " this american life " and other npr shows available for online streaming . only problem was , i did n't like being shackled to my computer in order to hear them . i did some research on the internet , read a lot of reviews and ultimately decided on the logitech wireless music system . i would like to echo all the positive comments recorded here . it was indeed quite fast and easy to set up . no lengthy manuals to read ( thank goodness . ) i did not find it necessary to load the cd software that came with the device . if i want to listen through the stereo , i plug in the usb . if i want to listen through the computer , i simply unplug the usb . it 's very simple . i am 100 % satisfied with the sound quality . i would not be able to tell the difference between fm radio and the online streaming . however , i do have to turn up my stereo about twice as loud when i am sending internet audio streams to it using this device , than when i am listening to a cd or the radio . on my stereo ( which is n't fancy ) , this does not cause diminished sound quality , so i 'm perfectly ok with it . i just have to remember to turn down the volume before switching back to cd or radio listening . if you are wondering whether the device will be compatible with your stereo , check for two things . first , your stereo has to have a set of two holes side-by-side that are for the twin plugs generally colored white and red . i 'm sorry i do not know the technical names for these things , but there 's a picture of the red-and-white plugs on this amazon page in the manufacturer 's " product description " section ( just scroll up until you see it . ) second , your stereo has to have a button that will let you switch to " auxiliary " input . my stereo has this , but my portable cd player/cassette player/radio ( aka boom box ) does not . if it is important to you to be able to use this on a portable player you can carry around the house and/or outside , be sure to check your player for these two things . overall i am very satisfied and quite happy with the product
the hp12c has been an essential in my personal productivity tool kit for over 20 years . i bought my first one when i was a consultant and it lasted until august 2006 . it withstood all the travel and constant use well . i use it for simple and complex math ; statistical analysis and financial analysis . it is much faster and simpler to operate than a pc . my new one has all the same great features . i highly recommend this for someone who is frequently required to perform mathematical and financial analysis .
i bought this mouse and have used it for over a year now . the nice part about this mouse is the range and the fact that when it works , it works beautifully . when it does n't work , it is erratic and locks up . turn it on and off and while the led will light up , it will still not work well . this is the hint that the battery is low . the mouse comes with two rechargable nimh aaa batteries . these are 650mah batteries and are not the best . i bought 4 1000mah accupower nimh batteries . i keep 2 in the charger . these batteries work great and when fully charged will give me a month of use at about 8 hours a day . but as soon the mouse starts to get erratic , you have to swap the batteries . do this and you will really like this mouse . another nice feature for this mouse is the range . you can use your laptop as a dvd player connected to your tv and sitting out of the way . the mouse makes a nice remote control
this is a great printer . i have used it several times and it makes great pictures . i had some pictures taken at a low resolution and the print still turned out looking great . tried this on a regular printer and the print did n't look near as great . a great feature is proof sheet print of the pictures you have . you can also add a border to your pictures which makes things nice for postcards . colors are great and vivid . also the prints look like that purchased from a photo shop . i have not tried printing to non epson paper so i ca n't say how prints would look . i know that epson printers look the best printed on epson paper .
the camers is good in picture quality and easy to install and use . it 's multi utility for desktop and notepad is a very good feature which i personally expected . i have a complete satisfaction
although the rear speakers need a power plug , this system solved my problem of being unable to run a signal wire to the back speakers from the front . the sound is ok , not awesome , but not bad . better than the tv speakers by a long shot . they can also be nicely controlled with my harmony remote
very good , worth the money . if you want a louder one , go for z 535
never been game player much since pong-purhcased bf2 last december for the pc and loved it . flying was limited though-util i purchased my g7 from ne and have been enjoying mucho fast speeds , easily adjusted , and for internet parusing it has a built in back button . have to change out battery every two days but gives plenty of warning and is always charged when i need to replace . absolutely the best mouse i have ever owned .
i love this keyboard . after searching through just about every keyboard available , i was torn between this and a gaming keyboard that was triple the price . i 'm so glad that i chose this one . it is excellent ! the quick access buttons are great and you can set them up almost any way you want . it 's a great keyboard for gaming , office use , media or just ordinary , everyday use . they keystrokes are effortless and near silent . the slide zoom feature is cool , but i do n't use it much . it 's better to have something and not need it than to need it and not have it though . i really love the quick access buttons which allow me to pull up my files , e-mail or web pages with immediate ease . the only thing i do n't like about this keyboard is the sleep button . i never use this and i ca n't see any way to reasign it . however , it is out of the way and not a big enough deal to lower my rating of this sweet keyboard . aside from all of that , how can anyone complain about a keyboard of this quality for such a great price . and it was delivered the day after i ordered it . to top it off , it feels sturdy and well made . i would reccomend this keyboard to anyone . it is a great all around keyboard with either usb or ps2 connectability
i have been into mp3s since 1996 - i used winplay , and l3enc , and thought it was the most amazing thing ever . i bought one of the first cd based mp3 players , and then a nomad jukebox with a whopping 6 gig hard disk... next was the 10 gig model , and then i upgraded to the nomad zen 20gig with usb 2.0 . the zen went with me everywhere - africa , europe , my living room . after about 70,000 hours of use and abuse , it finally died . i needed a replacement , so i looked at ipod , and zune , but why would i stray from creative labs ? besides , it 's better in every way - better screen than the ipod , better interface than the zune , and a better battery than either one . when i plugged it into my computer , i was blown away . xp found the player , and without any drivers or proprietary ( think itunes ) software , i was able to drop my non-drm ; ) mp3 files right onto the generous space available . i was listening to my music in mere minutes without installing anything , or ever being forced to reboot my pc . i transferred a couple of movies and i 'm looking forward to my next flight
this is my first time ever buying a really expensive mp3 player . i bought it three weeks ago . if i had n't seen the creative zen vision : m , i probably would have bought the sandisk sansa e260 . i love being able to bring my cartoon/tv shows over to a friends house so we can watch them on the tv . there is one problem i 've had with it . i 'm not sure if anyone else has had this , but there is some slight static noise that happens once in a while when i 'm listening to music . i do n't think it 's the mp3s , because i 've never ran into the problem with my other mp3 players . if only they would 've added the video cable for the tv and kept the charger , then i would 've rated it a 5
bought this dvd player 4 days ago and have enjoyed it ever since . it has many features and a good picture . you ca n't beat the large screen . i like the zoom feature especially . another feature i like is that the battery fits flush with the dvd player in back so that you do n't have a bulky protrusion when it 's attached.the sound is not loud as others have said but i have yet to find a portable dvd player that has good sound . you 'll have to use external speakers or ear phones ( included ) . another thing i notice is that dvd-rw or dvd + /- r are not supported . they play but the menu system does not work . you have to access the file manually . that being said i can not find this size dvd player anywhere else for less than $ 299 . the shipping was fast and free . there is a stamp on the manual stating that the unit is sold " as-is " but the unit i got was brand new and not refurbished . so far so good . i do n't thonk you will be disappointed
i have been using this card for last 6 months , no problem so far . rebate takes some time to arrive
i was really pushing the limits of my mid-range monster surge protector with 2 tvs , a 2.4gig p4 with desktop tv , dsl , two printers , and .....drumroll please.....a fridge all crammmed into a corner office setup about 7 ' wide . the belkin gold unit with rf/emi suppression up to 75db cured all the rattle and hum problems with speakers , satellite signal , the " dirty " line into my modem , and a week later i have n't had to reboot my system once . amazing ! i had already had a great experience with a belkin surgemaster on my home theater setup , so i went one level up with this " gold " unit . one of the better investments i 've made lately . i paid $ 60 at the local office depot , the price amazon is advertising is ridiculously low at $ 35 . belkin.com 's price is about $ 70 so my advice is to buy this unit now before somebody at amazon wakes up and jacks the price .
i bought this recorder to use as backup for real-time event video recording . i have also used it concert settings . the record quality is astounding , full range of dynamics , using both the stereo mini-plug input and the 1/4 " inputs . it is mostly being used now to plug into sound boards to record long event audio . first thing i did was to upgrade to a 4gb compactflash card . the provided card is too limited . battery life is adequate for hour plus recordings , and connection and downloading to pc is a breeze . the wav files are really high quality . it all works as advertised . the only minor glitch i have had , is that when you first try to start a recording , it gives a " media full " message , even tho the media is empty . then you select record again and it records just fine . i went several iterations with tech support , who were very friendly and helpful , but the problem has not been resolved . i also suspect the 3rd part flash card may be contributing to this glitch . i would buy this recorder again
i am glad i bought this backpack . it exceeded all my expectations . i strongly recommend this one
+ built very sturdy , with no flimsy plastic parts + fits right into the palm of your hand , though it may be a bit thick + music quality and screen clarity is superb , superior to other counterparts . + easy to use software . + fm radio and voice recorder is a definite plus ! -controls takes getting used to -ca n't listem to music while viewing pictures . definitely a great buy . you will not be disappointed
i got this less robust remote because i only wanted to use it on one system . and i was able to set it up and program all the different buttons , and it all fits nicely in my hand . they have great customer support available on the weekends . the best part is everything goes on and off with one button ! the drawbacks : a couple of buttons you ca n't program or use for anything . and my goofey tv has 3 component modes and this thing is set up for 2 , so getting it to sink up right is tricky , and it 's constantly getting out of sink .
i must say moster xp speaker wire makes a huge sound inprovement on mt 6.1 home theater setup my side and rear channels are so clear and crisp . i have these runing threw my walls and ceiling and the intall was a brezz do the jacket by these cables you will love them for your surond speakers wayne mn
i am a soldier serving in iraq . i bought an ipod while deployed and figured it would get ruined by the dirt , dust and my combat duties . i was fortunate to find the iskin eclipse . it is perfect for this environment . it completely encases the ipod to protect it from dirt and dust . it also has a hard exterior faceplate the protects the ipod from damage . the eclipse also makes it easy to use the controls ; even when playing the new games put out by itunes . to put it simply i am one happy soldier , thanks to the iskin eclipse
it helps proteck your ipod veary well . i already broke one ipod some how but with this case it well never happen agai
ok , so i upgraded form a 30 inch lcd to a 50 " plasma screen , all the sales guys kept trying to get me to buy a power center . i came home did some research and chose this one , if it did n't improve sound or picture at least i knew that the equipment was protected from power surges . i hooked everything up last light and turns it one . omg ! ! ! ! amazing , my yamaha receiver and wharfdale diamonds 8.2 no longer sounded muddy but insted bright and even toned , the kick from the sub was tight no sloppy and precise , it turned a good system into an eye opener . the sony progressive scan and lg plasma now are like looking at real people no a screen , the hd stiff is simply the best , digital cable it good and the dvd 's are quite near hd . all in all i would highly reccomend this to anyone . the blue light is quite bright but i placed a piece of blue painters tape over it and it is no longer a problem . the voltage meter light is adjustable and not an issue . i now know the voltage in my home ranges between 123.5 to 121
needed better protection than my $ 10 surge protector for my ht setup now that i have a couple dvrs & a plasma . filtering would be a nice side benefit too . very little $ $ more than the power-strip design units i was looking at ( & now i see it dropped even lower ! ) . pros : build quality , fit & finish , plenty of outlets & diversity of outlets for me , nice form-factor compared to power-strip design , cool looking leds & meter . cons : those cool looking leds can not be dimmed & are too bright ( esp the blue one ! ) if facing ht viewers . i just blocked the leds w/a black card . cable/sat cable filtering no good for my digital cable provider ( cablevision ) .. . caused more artifacts on hd channels , so could n't use the cable line filter . bottom line : seems a great deal esp at the new even lower pricing @ amazon
actually 4 and a half stars...i borrowed one of these logic3 amplified ipod speaker systems for a weekend camping trip and was impressed with the sound and portability . i decided to buy one of my own after looked at several other makes and models all of which were more money . plenty of connectivity along with base adapters to hold most ipod models securely . the little subwoofer and 'ambiance ' switch make decent sound even at non-annoyingly low volume levels . close to being a steal at the $ 59.00 i paid for i
excellent sound from phones and microphone . comfortable on head and ears . plenty of cable . on cable controls are handy .
i was looking for something suitable to house my sansa , and this fit the bill better than most . the leather case is superb , looking sharp , snug and protective . i enjoy the fact you can still easily access the buttons and menus through it . both the leather case and the larger case have an atachee on the back , if you wished to connect them to the cord that comes with it . the cleaning cloth works as well as any lense cloth , great for cleaning . the screen protector is a pain in the rear to apply without bubbles , still have n't figured out how yet , and i may trim it to make it more visually appealing . but , really , if you invest in a product such as this , it really makes sense to protect the easily scratched screen ! the larger case is compact and protective , having a small storage area , yet the cover is a bit unsightly because of the cheap , generic looking sansa logo . only other complaint is that the leather case goes on a belt , but not as a removable type . only if you put it on when putting on the belt , which can be impractical in some circumstances . this way , i suppose , it would n't be able to fall off
i wasnt sure how these iron-ons would work since one of the ratings on them was negative . but i just did a practice iron-on on my daughters shirts . it was so easy and they peeled off very well . my girls love their shirts with their own pictures on them . these are a great buy and worth their money
while thinking of ideas for my church 's 75th anniversary celebration , i decided to make t-shirts and sweatshirts using iron-on transfers and my ink jet printer . i chose the &quot ; invent it ! &quot ; brand from hammermill papers because it was the most cost-effective ( cheapest ) . i created the design on my computer and tried it out on the transfer paper . the results were outstanding for a do-it-yourself project . i followed the instructions included with the transfers and it was a piece of cake . one thing that i did find out - keep the transfers dry after they have been printed . one got wet in the rain and it spotted very badly wherever a rain drop came in contact . this product also does a very good job in black and white , not just in color . the shirts that i did , laundered according to the instructions , came out of the wash lookin ' good . i wo n't hesitate to use this product again in the future . however , i am now having trouble buying it locally , since my previous source no longer handles this product
we purchased the ysp-1 in august as a companion to our hitachi ultravision wall-mounted television . what a fabulous piece of audio equipment ! when we began searching for a replacement for our infiniti surround system , my husband and i had different concerns . he is an audiophile that demands wide range digital sound with full depth of field and i was ready for aestethic simplicity ( no speakers throughout the room and wires everywhere ) . when we found the ysp-1 we thought it was too good to be true . one speaker instead of five ? wall-mounted ? does n't take up any floor space ? we visited two yamaha dealers to see it for ourselves . one had the ysp-1 set up in a room environment . the other , on the salesroom floor . in both set-ups it performed consistantly . in both demonstrations however , my husband felt the low-end sound could use enhancement . so , we made the purchase and opted to use the ysp-1 with our existing subwoofer . installation was fairly simple , provided you have the necessary tools . the most important , and time-consuming part was leveling and centering the speaker under the television . now that it is installed and in use in our home , i feel the low-end sound is quite adequate and prefer not to use the sub-woofer . my husband though , prefers the earth-shaking action sequences in movies to mimic their intended theatre quality sound . more than movies the sound quality you get when listening to cds is absolutely stunning . overall , we both got what we wanted . expert sound designation and sleek , minimalistic styling ( with the added bonus of more floor and wall space ) .
you bought the ipod nano basically for its looks . buy this for the same reason . its so cute and fits your nano exactly as you wish . i bought an item from another company and though it was cheaper , it looked dirty on my computer table . this one has the " apple " look
i chose these by reading other reviews on amazon . i am pleased with them and recommend them . good sound , light weight . the best feature is that they do not leak sound yet you can still hear loud noises around you . this is perfect for an ipod-using nyc subway rider . do n't want to annoy others by leaking sound , but you have to be able to hear if there is exterior noise , at least enough to know to turn down the sound and find out what 's going on . only con - once you lose or wear out the removable spongy pieces i 'm not sure where you can get replacements
these ear buds are great for people with small ears . i 've tried several and these are by far the best . it comes with 3 sizes of buds and the smallest work best for me
this is a terrific phone . it has a ton of great features and the three handsets is very convenient . this is the only phone that i use now . i only keep one analog phone for power outages . if you 're looking to clean up a little bit of phone clutter this is a great way to do it
we are very satisfied with our purchase . this phone system is great and very easy to use . super clarity , volume , etc . also , super fast shipping from amazon . i chose super saver shipping and it arrived in less than 24 hours
i saw the other reviews and was hoping i would have the same experience as the happy reviewers . well , i got the cam and it was easy to install like they say . it just takes a little tinkering , with the pc options before you use it . with the mic and software it comes with , you get a lot for your money ! if i bought a cam in the store , i would have been mad to lose out on this pc camera . it is sweet
ok mimo is becomming popular ....i dont give a darn . my home net work relies on a cable modem ( moto4200 ) + wlanrouter  my house is 2 story high and it 's made of steelbar re-enforced  concrete... with brick wall here and there.. .  since the internet performenc is lower then 9mbits max.. .  all i wanted was penatration through the concrete floor. .  i 'v used pen type ? usb adapters and so on ...but they were  always short in range ...but g120 was another demention .. .  allover the house allrange ! when i put this close to the wall  adjacent to the negihbor 's house , i was able to update my  neighbor 's router firmware ( i 've done it twice already )  speed is not the main concern in my case . but you guys should know about it 's response speed . its a  little slower then pcmcia types even if i use usb2.0 connection  but i think thats because my lap top is running xp-pro on  celeron 800/256mbram . as long as you have a good pc  ( faster then mine ~ ! )  you wont have any problems . it 's not that hot dont worry ! i wont give this product 5stars because it 's not small enough . who needs mimo . ! ps : use the zero config not the stupid utility
this extension cord did what it was supposed to do and did it just fine . no problems whatsoever
as soon as i bought this from amazon , the price went up from $ 21 to $ 37 . i was going to buy another one , but the price is too high . overall , this is a great product it has everything you need . however , i would n't buy it at the current price , i 'm waiting for the price to go down before i buy another one
work fine with my hp pavillion zd7050 . increase the performance of my laptop
i tried all the rubber vinyl plugs that came with the e3c 's , but they all had the shortcoming of not effectively sealing the ear canal making bass very poor , and they were uncomfortable . the yellow foam plugs are easy to use and work just like the ear foams many people use in industrial applications . they effectively seal the ear canal and are very comfortable . although they seem a bit expensive i 've found that once they get dirty you can use water and a bit of dish detergent to clean them . just soak , squeeze , rinse and let them air dry and they are as good as new . you can do this three or four times , then just toss them away . highly recommended
once the speaker of choice for every hard rockin ' audiophile with a big enough garage , klipsch fell off the landscape for a while after being sold to a corporate conglomerate that did n't know the real value of what they 'd bought . but after another buyout by a small group of genuine audiophiles , klipsch is back on top , from a sound quality standpoint -- and it shows in the promedia 2.1 thx . i have my trio connected to a new mac pro desktop unit and the sound is absolutely magical . yes , there are more complex set-ups , with 5 or 7 speakers spread out across the room , but if you just want the magic without the madness , the klipsch promedia 2.1 thx is an incredible ( and very affordable ) solution that 's quick and easy to configure in about 5 minutes . of course , there are other 3-speaker desktop systems by makers like logitech , cyber acoustics , and intec , but here 's the difference : klipsch is a true speaker company that connects great speakers to your computer , while those others are computer peripherals companies that one day decided to make speakers . not the same thing . the only brands that are true competitors to klipsch in this area are bose , harman kardon , jbl , and altec lansing . i find that the altec lansing and jbl 3-speaker sets both sound nasal and " tinny " on the high end , while the bose and harman kardon sets sound great , but are more expensive . so , after a good look ( and listen ) around , i went with klipsch . in any case , this is an incredible sound set-up for your computer-based music player and should not be overlooked . enjoy
this splitter was set-up as part of a configuration that splits one line from the street into three and then into sixteen ports and a line to the cable modem for a fraternity house . i used this brand of splitters and a moterola amplifier all the way through , and the results were amazing . the picture quality is crystal clear , even when almost all of the ports are in use , and the internet is blazing fast . compared to the set-up we used to have , with some cheap splitters and a radio shack amplifier , these pieces are well worth the small extra cost
these cables are super with my new dvd player . there is absolutely no interference from my other home theater equipment . the picture is soo clear , and vivid . the cables themselves are really made well , they could hold up 100 pounds of weight no doubt . if you get these monster cables you wo n't be sorry
i previously had a 2.1 sound system for my computer , that were pretty good a few years ago when i bought them . when i decided to replace them with these i was rather happy with my choice . the sound is extremely clear and crisp , whether it be music or games , and i am very pleased with them . the only downside to them is how many extra cords there are behind my desk , but you have to expect that with a 5.1 sound system
i am glad i bought this backpack . it exceeded all my expectations . i strongly recommend this one
these are really great . super noise cancelling . affordable . they cover my ears completely without problem . at first , the headset was a bit tight , so i stretched the top headband upwards a little to relax or slightly loosen it . no more problem , while still having a snug fit . these headphones also fold up very compact , have two plug adapters and a nice durable sack for storage . if you buy these , just make sure they fit well for your ears . if so , these are great ; if not , try another type . like all things that touch the body , it is best to try at a local store , before you buy it . this is the lowest price i have seen for this product .
i am happy with my purchase . i only bought it because i do n't like the idea of going deaf listening to loud music through earphones . i would not use this product to entertain at a party , but it serves my needs
on a recent trip , i was 23 hours in transit and could n't have made it without this little device . it powered my movies and tv shows for at least 12 hours or so without a flicker . i was worried that the four aa batteries would make it heavy to carry but it did n't matter when the device was sitting on my tray table . besides , it was comforting to know that aa batteries are ubiquitous throughout the world . by the way , i substituted the original batteries with duracells on the advice of previous reviewers
i bought this battery pack for a 10 day trip to italy and i am very happy with it . i never had to change my batteries once and i listened to it all the time . reading other people 's reviews i threw out the batteries it came with and used different ones and it worked great . the only complaint i have is the suction cups are n't that great . several times my ipod came off the suction cups and being on a plane with minimal room and people sitting next to me trying to get my ipod off the floor is not fun . overall , i recommend this product . it is a little bulky , but if you 're someone like me who can not live without music , it 's a great product to have if you are n't going to be able to charge your ipod
i have seen many reviews about problem with the volume control . i experienced the same thing until i realized that i mistaken the up & down buttons with the + & - buttons . the volume works just fine on my wife 's old sony receiver . the remote is quite nice and it does everything the ipod control could do . as stated in others ' reviews , you ca n't read the screen from a distance , thus rendering the ability to scroll through the menu with the remote a bit pointless . however , it would be worse if the remote could n't scroll through menus . it is compatible with the latest video ipod . i have the 60 gig ipod but i do notice a slight hiss coming out from the speakers . i listen to classical music and the hiss bothers me . i bought this for my wife and she is not as picky as i am in terms of sound quality . then again , i do n't expect high fidelity quality from this small setup . since i have this little gadget for my wife , i bought the squeezebox for myself from slim devices to stream music which sounds a lot better . in summary , this dock does a good job and the design is not bad . the construction is solid and i like the light on the remote . if you are looking for great sound quality , i have n't encountered any dock that is better than this one , so this might be your best bet . the apple a/v cables work fine as well but it is more expensive than the dock and i see more value in this dock
i 'm really happy with this purchase . i was worried that it would not work with rhapsody ( which is the media player i use the most ) , but it proved to work well with it . in fact , it works with all the media player i 've thrown at it , including windows media player , medialife , realplayer , itunes , rhapsody , divx player , windvd , and powerdvd . all the buttons are functional ( and i worship functionality - hence the 5 stars ) , although firefox users have to deal with extra configuration steps to make the back and forward button work . no biggies , though , since setting up is really easy . basically all you have to do is open the setpoint software that was installed with the driver , point to the intended buttons that you want to program , and assign a corresponding keystroke to it . in this case , it 's alt + right for forward button and alt + left for back button . click " apply " and you 're good to go a-browsin ' ! ! battery life so far is really good - it 's been going on the same set of duracell aa batteries since i got it 3 months ago , and still going strong . the rf range is really good , although admittedly my room is n't big enough to really put its range to the test . dorm-dweller users should be happy with the range , though . you could just lie on your bed and only lift one finger to control your music or movie . this mouse is also great looking ; not cheap-plasticky but actually sharp and slick . it does feel a bit odd to the grip when using as a remote control , but as a mouse it 's really sturdy and ergonomic . i ca n't comment on installation since it 's been a while since i first used it , but i guess no impression is good impression - if it was troublesome i 'm sure i 'd remember . i 'd second the other reviewer 's gripe about how most cordless keyboards come with a mouse , and this fantastic mouse does n't come with a cordless keyboard.. . but it 's a great buy , all in all
it would seem , even to a non-tech , that someone has switched your uniden mobile/base tech . data around . secondly , terms such as &quot ; standard&quot ; mean less than trustworthy when applied to sensitivity and selectivity . please do n't feel i berate these 2 fine products.however as i am a com/tech . i would like the actual bench test measurements for an informed recom/purchases.also i would like to know if cobra 1000 or 2000 series are availible as they still have the best selectivity and sensitivity that i have had on my bench yet.thank yo
until an accident caused one bud to stop emitting sound , these were my favorite pair of earphones . they were comfortable ( i often left them in when i went to sleep ) , affordable , lightweight , durable , and had good sound quality . i used them with my sony cfd-v5 boombox , my oritron op5034 portable cd player , and my rca rp2410 mp3-cd player . on all three , bass and detail was great , and there was no distortion at a higher volume . all in all , these earphones were a great value ; the only possible downside is a bit of fuzziness in the sound , which i got used to rather quickly and began to prefer over my other earphones ( it lent a bit of warmth to the music ) . i plan to buy another pair in the near future , and i highly recommend that you do so as well
ordering was fast and easy . could not detect any inferiority in the cartridges and will order them again
i received it today , and it 's a monster . if you 've seen one in a store , it looks twice as big on your desk . until a few hours ago , i was running two 20 " aluminum cinema displays on a pny 6600gt . after doing online research about using the 30 " display under windows xp , i found that the " functional " cheap solution being used is in fact the pny 6600gt ( verto 128mb ddr3 with two dvi connectors ) . considering that the other two most noted solutions , quadrofx 4000 agp or parhelia dl256 pci , are going for $ 600 + on ebay , i was willing to give my old beater a try . besides , i did n't feel like buying another agp card with pcie taking over the world , or sacrificing the only pci slot in my shuttle xpc ( sb75g2 ) . to my great relief , the monitor worked on the card right away , even showing me the post and windows start-up screen ( it did for the 20 " displays , too ) . but to my absolute delight , the card is actually running both the 30 " and a 20 " in 32-bit color . the 20 " looks absurdly small next to the 30 " , like i did n't water it enough or something . the 30 " is enormous enough that i think it might be better were it curved ! maybe i 'm just sitting too close . the only problem with the 6600gt is that the dvi jacks are so near each other that i had to take the plastic housing off of the 20 " plug to fit it below the 30 " . i 'm not a gamer , so i ca n't say whether the card performs well for that . it feels as zippy as with the 20 " on regular windowing tasks . i use eclipse , flash , photoshop , etc. , but no video editing or 3d stuff . the screen had a slight warm cast that i did n't like . nvidia 's control panel let me adjust it manually , and now my 30 " and 20 " look almost identical . my biggest fear was of course dead pixels . by the good grace of lucky ducks , this is the third panel i 've gotten from apple with no dead pixels . brightness is uniform but for a very very subtle drop in the far lower left and right edges . it 's not apparent unless you put white there and actively look for it . in any case , i bought it to get more programming panels on the screen at once , and it does a fine job at that . i 'm using the 20 " for browsing and , alas , a few panels that still do n't fit . apple , where 's 3840 x 2400 ? ? i strip one star cuz it 's crazy expensive .
this screen is great . upgraded from a 23 " and the increase in realestate is awesome . you can play games with crystal clarity ; have so many pages up and read them clearly . you will need a graphics card that supports dual-link dvi , not a card that says dual dvi . i installed the geforce 7800 gt on my pc and it works flawlessly ! the quadro cards are great , but big $ $ $ . the 7800gt can be had for under $ 300 ! here 's a list of cards for pc and apple : nvidia geforce 6800ultra ddl agp for powermac g5 nvidia geforce 6800gt ddl agp for powermac g5 nvidia geforce 6600 pci express for powermac g5 ( pci express ) nvidia geforce 7800gt pci express for powermac g5 ( pci express ) nvidia quadrofx 4500 pci express for powermac g5 ( pci express )  for the pc windows platform , the following graphic cards support the apple 30 " cinema display :  nvidia quadrofx 2000 nvidia quadrofx 3000 nvidia quadrofx 3400 nvidia quadrofx 3450 nvidia quadrofx 4000 nvidia quadrofx 4400 nvidia quadrofx 4500 nvidia geforce 7800gt nvidia geforce 7800gtx nvidia geforce 7800gtx 512
outstanding item . plenty of room to carry dvds . enough padding to protect the player , but not too bulky
i ordered v8 as soon as it was advertised by garmin but they shipped v7 instead . six weeks later i got the v8 update dvd . my wife and kids had to make due with v7 while in madrid . she was pleased with the accuracy and said it enabled her to travel around with confidence . however , she noted that madrid was undergoing quite a bit of major road construction and she got stuck in multiple traffic jams on the major highways . in the end , she would veer away from the major roads and let the unit re-calculate her route .
if you understand this product 's limits before you buy it , you 'll be happy . it shows topographical contours , rivers and most streams for the entire united states . in addition to that , it shows roads that were in existance 10-20 years ago . these major roads are also named . the limit is that newer roads do n't show up . it also does n't support auto-routing , even if your gps does . garmin sells other products that are tailored for road navigation but you have to do some independant research or logical deduction to figure out that this package is n't suited for it . the product support could be better . neither the manual nor web site tell you how to load all 3 cds on your computer so you do n't have to swap cds when transitioning between zones . the company 's web site does n't give a good explanation of what the software can and ca n't do . you 'll be disappointed if your expectations are n't grounded in reality . garmin could help alleviate this problem by making this information readily available
i am very pleased with my purchase of the envision en-7100 monitor . it arrived in perfect condition , no dead pixels . i resisted spending the money on a new monitor for a long time , but now i 'm glad i made the switch to lcd . the color and clarity is wonderful . most of all , i love having all this extra space on my desk . for the money , this is a great monitor
i just recently bought a sony dvp-s560d model dvd player to replace my older , more out of date player . i hooked it up , and to my surprise , it was n't any better than my old player as far as quality . then i purchased s-video cables from monster video and now the colors are more vibrant , the picture is in higher-res , and i can see every little detail on the screen . the picture quality that these s-video cables produce are surpassed only by component video cables , which cost many times more the price . if you are considering buying these cables then just consider that for the price of only one dvd , you can get better performance and picture quality
i wanted to thank amazon for their quick response to my first order not arriving . within a week they sent me another . i have been using it everyday , and have not gotton lost . i install wood flooring in nj pa ny , works like a charm . i use it with my palm treo 700p .
for the most part , i do find hp ink to be the best . however , every now and then a new ink cartridge is bad . one of the colors does n't print for some reason . my opinion is that these ink cartridges are just too expensive to be getting any bad ones
i used this card on my nokia n70 for storing mp3 files . granted i ca n't fit my entire music collection on it , but if i wanted to , i 'd buy an ipod . this is perfect for listening to my favourite songs on the go , as well as taking pictures and video clips ! highly recommended
i purchased this product to use with my camera . the charging lasts very good time . would recommend this product to others . good work amazon
i love sound systems . so when i got my new reciever ( sony str-de898/b ) i hooked up the new speaker wires with the thx certified gold plated speaker connectors and wow what a difference . i miscalculated how much wire i needed so my rear right speaker does not have the new speaker wire , i can hear a light and day difference in sound quality . needless to say i 'm ordering more to complete the job . the monster fiber optic cable is a must as well . i can hear sounds that i normally could n't on my old system . i like testing sound with : the hulk ( the scene were he tears up the tanks ) , saving private ryan ( taking the beach ) , and open range ( gunfight at the end of the movie ) . in all these movies there are small sounds that you can distinctly hear now that i could not before the new wire and connectors . excellent product
this is my first mp3 player so i researched it carefully before making my decision . the gorgeous screen , the wide number of codecs it supports and the 30gb hard drive were all selling points . i 'm so glad i bought it . videos look great on the screen . some need to be converted over which is a slow process but in general i love it . the built in speaker does n't do it justice . even on the included earbuds the sounds quality is amazing . making playlists with the creative software is very easy . my biggest problem is the lag of accessories for it . no case , no screen protectors out for it . i 'd love to see a docking station that lets you record to it as a dvr the way the archos players do . but for the money it looks to me to be a far superior player to the ipod or the zune .
this adapter can not be used with the garmin 330
a little bouncy while running , but a convenient product . fits perfectly around all of my mp3 players ( large and small )
this is a great phone . memory is easy to progam . the phone has 3 memory keys for emergenies and 9 additional memory keys for personal numbers . it can be used on a desk or hung on the wall . the only thing i do n't like about the phone is the buttons on the handset . however , i knew about this feature before purchasing the phone . i would recommend this phone to anyone who is looking for a good basic phone
i did a lot of research on amazon.com before i finally decided on this mouse . i wanted to replace my ( extremely ) small kensington usb mouse with a retractable cable . at home , i use a wacom tablet . next month i am traveling abroad , so i wanted a slightly bigger mouse that can handle more frequent use than the kensington . wireless was key for portability . i also wanted something rechargeable , and i did n't want the usb adapter sticking out . i received it today , and i 'm on my first charge . so no comments on batteries ( which can be replaced with other aaa nimh for optimal performance if desired anyway ) . - i have large but skinny hands . mouse is small , but its long length helps in terms of where to place your fingers . of course convenience is not comparable to a full-size mouse , but if you want portability , this is about the right size . - i have a powerbook that runs tiger ( 10.4 ) . excellent bluetooth connection . also very good response , very little delay . only reservation is for the scroll wheel , which requires subtle pressure for accurate scrolling - this is ever so slightly uncomfortable if you have large hands , because the mouse is flat and your hand is adjusted over the mouse so that it is a bit hard to apply adequate vertical pressure on the scroll wheel from that position . it is hard to explain , but not a big issue for me . - usb charger works well . the added size of the usb adapter helps with comfortability ( still flat , but becomes an otherwise full-sized mouse ) - despite the fact that the cable attaches to the bottom of the mouse . - as mentioned by others , installing the batteries is a challenge . pull the notch on the bottom of the mouse as you slide the top ( part with the anycom label ) away from the clickers . once i figured it out , not so hard . overall , i do n't seek perfection anyway , so this mouse does the job adequately for me . i have n't tried any other bluetooth mouse before , so i 'm more or less in awe
this card has been working great for me so far after over a month of heavy use . 512 mb is more than enough space for anyone with a 5 mb or less camera , assuming you transfer photos off your camera fairly regularly and are not shooting hundreds of photos at a time . with the 1200x1600p setting i use on my camera most often , this card holds over 400 photos , and it will hold even more for those using a more email-friendly setting . do the math to figure out if 512 is the number for you , but i 've had no problems with sandisk products
i have to admit , i 'm a gps junkie . i 've had a variety of gps units over the past decade and currently own 3 - the c340 being my latest acquisition for use solely when driving . i am greatly impressed with this unit . it was fast to get going right out of the box and after the initial satellite acquisition and almanac download ( for those who are interested , when a gps unit is turned off and moved a significant distance , say 300 + miles , from where it last thought it was , it needs to recalibrate itself by downloading the current almanac of satellite positions from the gps satellites . this can take a few minutes . ) in any case , after the initial automatic recalibration , the unit acquired satellites quickly whenever i turned it on . the user interface is very easy to use . i 've used hertz neverlost systems for years and have always thought they had a good interface . i think garmin 's is better . one highly useful feature is the ability not just to search for points of interest ( poi ) , but to have the unit search for those points of interest that are along the route you are currently navigating . this allows you to identify , say , hotels along your route while you are driving and then , using the telephone info provided by the unit , to call the hotels up and see if you can negotiate a lower rate before you arrive - " let your fingers do the walking... "  if you do n't tell the unit where to look , though , it can take quite a while to search for a point of interest . i did n't know which city to specify and i did a search for " eagle rock rec " ( i was too lazy to spell out " eagle rock recreation center " which turned out to be about 175 miles away ) and the unit chugged away for several minutes but eventually came back with the right entry for me to navigate to . i later realized that even though i did n't know the exact city the destination was in , i did know a city that was near the desired destination . when i specified that information , the c340 took only a few seconds to find the right location . the advanced user can also create your own poi lists complete with custom icons and load those into the c340 . i have done this for all in-n-out burger and krispy kreme locations . the advantage to having your own custom pois even though these places are in the built-in poi list is that the custom pois are visible on the c340 map screen at certain zoom levels . if you are a geocacher , you can do the same with geocaches , but you 'll still need your handheld unit to find the cache . the newer ( and more expensive ) c5xx units evidently have the sirf circuitry in them which is more sensitive , allowing signal acquisition indoors , but i found the sensitivity of the c340 to be fine - especially since i have limited my indoor driving lately : - ) . i have n't tried the c340 under a thick tree canopy with cloud cover yet , so i might change my tune . the comparable c5xx unit at this price point , the c530 , lacks the c340 's text-to-speech capabilities ( this prevents the c530 from announcing street names ) . since i already have a garmin handheld gps unit as well as garmin 's mapsource topo mapping software , i used the unlock code that came with the c340 to unlock my mapsource maps for the unit . i then loaded the topo maps for the entire western us onto an sd card ( between 300-500 mb ) and plugged it into the c340 to see what would happen . it worked ! so now i have the c340 's excellent built-in maps and pois for on-road trips * and * topo maps available to me for off-road adventures . one thing you should do if you are in the us is enable the unit 's waas capability ( the default is for waas to be disabled ) . enabling this capability increases the accuracy of the unit when certain satellites are in range . also , since this unit has a touch-screen , fingerprints on the screen are inevitable . you should * never * use an ammonia-based product ( like most window cleaners ) to clean electronic screens - it will cause them to fog . instead , use those little antiseptic alcohol towelettes . they are cheap and if you do n't use them for cleaning your touch-screen they might come in handy for first-aid . i give this unit a highly positive rating . i like it
this paper works excellent in the hp series printers . i have tryed many other makes of photo paper and they just do n't cut it . some other makes do n't dry in a timely manner , others have a dull finish them , some have a red tone . this hp photo paper allows you to print store developed quality photos from your hp printer . you get what you pay for.. . this product is worth the money... .
i 've used this card for a while now and i 'd say that i like it overall . the power usage is great . the drivers have been vastly improved and now you are able to scan for networks . those of you who are interested in wardriving should look elsewhere . if you want to use netstumbler or pocketwarrior in windows or kismet and airsnort in linux , either go for the linksys wcf12 ( prism based ) or lucent orinoco based pcmcia card . if you 're looking to run just 802.11b and check email , stream music , browse the web , etc , this card will be perfect plus it 'll save you some battery power
i am a typical college student , i am not a photgrapher to be or anything , so this digital card was perfect for me . i get about 330 pictures on my second best setting and have never come close to taking that many pictures . i believe this card is great for anyone who is not obessed with taking pictures , or to someone who loads them on quickly . :
easy to use , nice ( in appearance ) , very comfortable ( lots of space ) and at an excellent price ! i highly reccomend it
i recommend this product ! is an excellent purchase option . excellent product quality in performance and looks . no product out there in the market looks as good as this one
the sound is fine , but the mic is not so good , too much background noise . the headset is quite " loose " but it 's ok when you get used to it .
these are the only earphones worth buying for your ipod . i tried to get some cheapies after i lost my originals , but they were horrible . these are a little expensicve , but so worth it . i do n't use the pause/skip attachment thing though . it makes the cord too long
i 'm using them a lot.never failed - keeping up to 16x speed
high quality disks . never a bad burn . fast delivery . buy this from this selle
i opened it , i put it in my psp and that was it . i had plenty of space on the memory stick and i personally did n't have to do any special formatting i just popped it in and that was it . i did want to add , buy this online because in my comparison shopping it was much more expensive in brick and morter stores i visited
easy to install and use but the remote does not have an on/off switch
the cd player works well , just wish the random play would work for all of the cd 's instead of only one
the product is fine however when i ordered i added a gift card to the payment . the gift card was not used and the purchase was paid in full with my credit card . is my gift card still valid
the microsoft optical wheel mouse is a great product . it is worth every penny of the purchase price . a great value ! it is so much better than my old mouse with the ball in it . the optical wheel mouse is much more accurate too . the best purchase i ever made
great quality . i had a problem initially with xp media center compatibilty , but it works now after downloading an update from logitech 's website . recently , the sound is cutting out when communicating with my girlfriend across the country . i think it might just be her interet connection though ( we both have the same web cam ) . as long as we restart the video call , then the sound comes back . i am using windows live messenger as the video call program . i have never used the cartoons that it comes with . the video quality is very good when recording a video for email
the headset works great , comfortable . i just wish they had better sound quality...for instance when playing music
i bought these headphones on the recommendation of a friend , and he was sooo right ! the moment when the noice-cancelling algorithm kicks-in on a noisy flight is just sublime . i frequently use them without input , just tuning out the background noise on the aircraft...they even work well on squalling rug-rats a few rows away.. .
this amplifier works as stated . increased my modem downstream from -7 to + 9 . no obvious loss of noise ratio and upstream signals . all tv channels are much sharper ! the cables came with the amplifier are two rg59 cable lines . for minimum loss of broadband signals , i suggest you replace one of them with r6 cable to carry the cable signals . use the rg59 for the power supply only
if you want very basic capability this is the wireless adapter for you . slow but steady and inexpensive
i bought this for my tivo , hooked it up the day it arrived and have n't touched it since . great value
people buy expensive av cables because of most people would think that more expensive cables will work better and last longer . i 've found that it 's more a matter of quality control . i 'll roll the dice with cheap ( price ) cables untill they fail on me
great cable that works as advertised . why spend $ 80 on a name brand cable which performs no better or no worse . connected a third gen mot 6412 dvr with hd to a sony 36xbr800 . great picture . a name brand cable will not transmit your digital signal 6 ' any better than this cables unlimited brand will
the only thing you will need when you buy this package is some extra paper ! i love the fact that epson advertises realistic figures for this package . some other printer makers do not do this !
i installed the roady in my car a few days ago.my wife has a xm radio in her new vehile so i was some what familiar with the xm radio.the only reason i did n't give the roady 5 stars was that the signal to the indash radio is poor.on the front of my in dash stereo there is a aux . input which i plugged my roady into and the roady plays crystal clear,however this connected is not mentioned in the roady instruction manual.i have three vehicles and all three have an aux . input on the front of the cd player that i plug my mp3 player into.xm radio was running a special and i got the unit and the car kit for 40.00.all in all the roady is awesome
i have purchased these and other rechargeable batteries in the past . generally i like the powerex batteries the best , but these energizer batteries have really outdone the others . the seem to have the best capacity and last the longest of all the batteries i have . i have used them in my canon s2-is digital camera and have taken over 400 pictures during a weeklong vacation with no problems , and no recharging during the vacation
there 's no need to take anybody else 's word for specs on this sony dvd player when you can view or download , for free , the user 's manual at http : //esupport.sony.com/us/perl/model-documents.pl ? mdl = dvpns90v&loc = 3 . i 've been running this sony dvp-ns90v player through a sony widescreen hdtv and a pioneer amplifier/receiver for several days now , and i find almost none of the problems and limitations mentioned by previous reviewers . one , for example , states that there is " no bass management , " yet you can ( a ) route more or less signal to the subwoofer by selecting " small " or " large " for the front speaker size ( see page 76 of the user 's manual ) , and also ( b ) increase or decrease the bass from -15 db to + 5 db ( see page 77 of the manual ) . whether you prefer analog to digital audio , or you think sacd 's are tops , is a matter of opinion , taste and choice and not an objective evaluation of a playback unit . i , for one , prefer dvd-audio , and i mention this for an important reason : some product ads and the user 's manual clearly warn that this unit " will not play dvd-audio discs . " happy surprize : it most certainly will ! for my dvd-a 's that have optional dolby 5.1 and/or dts tracks , the player simply ignores the primary dvd-a format ( normally output via the 6 analog cable connectors ) but still plays the dolby or the dts via the digital audio ( optical or coaxial ) connectors . for " pure " dvd-a 's ( without dolby 5.1 or dts tracks ) , it conveniently outputs the audio both via the 6 analog and the digital connectors . and in all cases above , the audio is full multi-channel surround , and not downmixed to 2-channel pcm , nor prologic pseudo-surround . the only dvd-a function it lacks is the video slideshow often included on dvd-a 's , and so displays only the " jacket image " onscreen . the quick setup allows any dvd newbie to be up and running in a short time . and the custom setup is so detailed with so many fine tweaks and trouble-shooters that it 's bound to please even the high-end audio-video geek-freaks . in short , you 'll find this to be a superior universal player , provided you read the user 's manual ( all 84 pages of it ! ) , follow it , and connect equally high-quality , compatible equipment capable of exploiting its many fine features
...what it has that the xr55 does not : hdmi , dual-amping of front mains now available during 5.1 playback , one extra set of component inputs , and all-channel stereo ( called " party mode " on other receivers ) . otherwise the internal components are identical , so expect similar performance---in other words , outstanding sq when matched with the right speakers , blows away all other receivers under five hundred bucks and most under a thousand . see my lengthy review of the xr55 for more details . boutique audio shops do not want you to know about this product , because it 'd put them out of business...they make much higher margins selling you receivers costing several times this panasonic 's prices , since their profits are usually a fixed percentage of the street price .
this is the second brother hl-2070n printer i " ve owned . the first died during a storm and i forgot about electrical surges . the only negative on this printer is a slight curling of the pages . it is fast and reliable . the prints are crystal clear . i would recommend this product to everyone
much cheaper than other sony machine . works fine -- then again , i was n't looking for anything fancy . do n't have problems with the speakerphone or message recording as the others did . i like the dual keypads
i 've had my epson 1280 for over two years now and consider it money well spent . i run exclusively on linux ( currently gentoo ) and the linux support for this printer ( using cups ) is superb . all modes , resolutions , etc . are supported . i use this printer a lot for engineering work printing b-size ( tabloid ) drawings and it works great for that . like just about every review states , this printer slurps ink like homer simpson slurps beer . because i do n't print many color photos this is not a problem for me--if i was doing that i 'd get the niagara system other reviewers cite . i 've researched the niagara system and it looks like a good deal for heavy users . my main complaint with this printer--and the reason why it only gets four stars--is the ease with which the heads clog up . this printer wants to be used constantly . if you let it sit for a day or two it 's almost guaranteed that one or more of the jets will clog up and you 'll get streaks in the output . then you have to either press the front-panel control or , in more extreme cases , run the head-unclogging utility ( on linux i use mtink ) to force the printer to 'blow out ' the plugged jets . when the printer does this it blasts ink through the heads wasting even more of the pricey ink . do this enough and the reservoir the printer blasts the ink into ( a sponge-sandpaper-like thing ) will overflow and cause the head to smear ink all over the paper . that 's when you get out the windex and paper towels and clean up the mess ( google the web for details . ) because of this 'trait ' i would not recommend this printer for casual users . still , for b-sized printing and high-quality photos , and considering how well supported it is under linux , there 's not much else better out there
having owned a 1280 for a year and a half thus far , i can say that this printer is for somone who wants a reliable and problem free large format printer that produces on target results . the drivers at least for mac os x are easy to understand and reliable . the ability to manage the printer such as doing a nozzle check and a head clean right from the application that is going to be printing , is a vey nice touch as well . however , it is the colors that this printer gets high reviews from me . by using mat or glossy photo paper and making the proper print settings , one can get nice rich colors that are on cue . thus this printer makes good for doing proofs . as an artist and graphic designer , having this quality is a blessing since this print cost $ 400 at the time of parchase . compare that to profesional quality workhorses going from $ 2000 on up . also being able to print up to 13 x 19 save me loads of time since that cuts down on the number of trips to my local print service to have them do my print outs on there large format printers . the only minuses are that one needs a generous amout of desktop realestate to acomadate the 1280 as it is almost twice the size of a normal 8 1/2 x 11 printer . also one needs be prepared to shell out some payolla as the ink cartriges can get pricey . but what inkjet dose n't have that problem ? anyway that little expences is nullified by savings of not having to go to my print service so often . so any one looking for a good large format printer that produces some good printouts and not have to pay an arm and a leg for it , the 1280 is a very good cadadate for that job . so i 'm giving 5 stars on the epson 128
i ordered the 4 meter cable which was pictured with 24 pin connectors and received one with 18 pins . found out that the missing middle 6 pins are used to transmit audio which my monitor does n't support anyway . originally , the dvi-d specification allowed for both a video signal and an audio signal , but most manufacturer 's have only used the video portion . if you need a dvi-d cable , an 18 pin connector will most likely work since most devices wo n't process the audio signal anyway . there are a few ( very few ) devices that do use all 24 pins , but with the advent of hdmi , nobody really makes them anymore
product came in as describe . super clear picture quality as it 's supposed to be as monster cable brand
the sennheiser hd 205 is great value for money . the design is not only comfortable , but takes out a lot of ambient noise . this headphone does not have active noise reduction but does a good job with its closed design headphone . the right-side is able to swivel backwards , so you can answer a phone call and not need to remove the whole headphone . this swivel was designed for dj 's to do sound mixing , but works well for other purposes as well . i also like its strong bass and great clarity , where i could hear sounds in music that i did not hear before . this headphones not only works well for music , but does great with your favourite action movie . you will hear how close the sound is , and have bullets whizzing past you and swords meeting like they are just around you . below are the technical specifications :  acounstic principle : dynamic , closed ear coupling : supra-aural frequency response : 14-20,000 hz max spl at 1khz , 1 vrms : 112 db thd at 1khz , 100 db spl : &lt ; 0.5 % impedance : 32 ohms weight ( without cable ) : 206 g singnal cable : 3 m copper cable ( ofc ) , single-sided connector/adapter : 3.5 mm stereo jack with 6.3 mm adapter  this headphones comes with a 2 year warranty and a protective pouch for the headphones
i bought this phone at amazon , and i am happy with it . provides very good sound quality , comfortable navigation,address book and caller id.with its 5.8 ghz frequency speed , it is much better than my previous one which was panasonic 2.4ghz and did not have light signal on handset when you have a new message .
takes a little time to start operating , very good for the price a little trouble using it inside ca
this simple device is reliable for fixing positions . and if you know about coordinates , you can set it in , and bingo . you can compensate what it lacks of by using coordinates from a map while you paid unexpensive
what a wonderful surprize . it took about ten minutes to install them to my hp media center computer . they replace speakers that came with my 19 " monitor which were lousy to say the least . ( speaker make with held ) but the vs 4121s surpassed all my expectations . while i am not an audiophile , i do admire and expect good faithful sound reproduction and these speakers more than do the job . i do n't understand how the more expensive ones can do any better . suffice to say i am completely satsfied and would highly recommend them to anyone looking for their moneys worth
this was a breeze to setup , even with wpa2 to ensure privacy . i also hooked up an xbox360 and it has never failed in since i bought it about 6 month ago . much better value then your average gaming adaptor since it has multiple ports so you can hook up all your gizmos at the entertainment center rather then buying a wireless adaptor for each ( i.e . tivo , ps2 , etc... )  i love it , and for the price , you could not beat it .
having a tv in the car make the carpool-commute a little easier . obviously , the driver ca n't watch it , but the passengers can . all of the chords and connectors are included . great price
this is my first time ever buying a really expensive mp3 player . i bought it three weeks ago . if i had n't seen the creative zen vision : m , i probably would have bought the sandisk sansa e260 . i love being able to bring my cartoon/tv shows over to a friends house so we can watch them on the tv . there is one problem i 've had with it . i 'm not sure if anyone else has had this , but there is some slight static noise that happens once in a while when i 'm listening to music . i do n't think it 's the mp3s , because i 've never ran into the problem with my other mp3 players . if only they would 've added the video cable for the tv and kept the charger , then i would 've rated it a 5
earlier this week i received the factory referbished samsung hd841 . i have had a few days to use it and compare it to my other players , mainly my philips 642 , which have been excellent players for me . this model does well . i do n't understand why this model has such a rough reveiw . note , this model has the dvi output , if your tv has an hdmi port , you will want to check out the samsung hd 850 ( identical otherwise ) . first , this model has component , composite and s-video hook ups , as well as the dvi port ( still have to run seperate sound out with dvi ) . also , this model does feature digital coax sound out and optical sound out as well for systems that can handle 5.1 thx . many upconvert models do not have the digital outs on lower priced models . the picture quality is great , at 480p comparable with my philips . again , the upconvert works well out the dvi hook up to my tv , but to be honest , it is hard to tell any difference between it and a good 480p progressive scan player , at least on my tv which is a 23 " 720p lcd . menus also are a bit difficult to figure out at first as well . the user manual is less than impressive at explaining thing , in fact , it does not have an index . but , it the main thing is that the player is does perform well , and is a name brand product from samsung ( i have had some offbrand experience and have had perfomace problems ) . this player also appears to have divx available on it , not noted in the product discription , so that was a suprise as well . this will allow the use of mp4 movie files . the remote again is bigger and at first more difficult than my other players , but after a day or so it actually is better because many of the features are available to change at the push of a button instread of going through the menus . in all , i will continue to explore this new player , but in all it seems to be a quality product that has received some bad flack . so give it a chane , the prices are good currently , quality has been good , and it is a samsung . note to the technosavy : i have not had luck using the component upconvert code that is available on other web sites , so i am using my dvi input for upconvert . also , the new blue ray ( hd 1080p ) dvd players are out , so if you have the expensive hi res tvs that can handle this , you might want to wait and save till you can get the new dvd players . note 2 : the factory referbished models come with a dvi cable , a 20-30 dollar value that many do n't come with
this was one of the cheapest tv mounts and it had all the options the expensive ones had it will pull away from the wall as well as allow the screen to pivot up and down.it also compacts up close to the wall . i dont know what other features someone would want in a mount . it is also very smooth when it moves and there is not any deflection or sloppiness in the construction , altough i only put a 14 " lcd on it
there is a light that always stays on and it is distracting , as others have noted . otherwise , it is great . good design , works well , no complaints . but that light...why did they design it with that ?
protects the garmin 's 60 screen from scratches , but interferes with the button operations a little . worth the hassle to protect the screen
this unit works very well and we are very pleased with it . nice construction , good sound quality on both ends . we 're concerned about battery life as in # of recharges before performance decreases , but no indication right now that is an issue . i would have give the product 5 stars if it had been cheaper . this class of device is overpriced in general . amazon 's price was very good , but overall still seems over priced . i would definately buy another from amazon as these are 25 % more at other places .
this cable does improve the image quality but not by much . i was dissappointed to see very little difference between my standard ps2 stock cable and the moster cable i bought . this is not to say that the monster cable is bad , but it just is n't worth the asking price . if you see on for under $ 20 then i recommend picking it up , but other than that , just avoid them because there is n't much better out there
breaking news : if you are buying a new video playback capable ipod , please look for the new ipod universal dock , which has s-video output for both photos and video . it is also ready to accept a control remote so you can control your ipod from your sofa . is this expensive ? the answer is probably yes . this dock was included on the original ipod photo of late 2004 ( priced $ 500- $ 600 ) , the dock was removed as apple lowered the prices this year to their current levels for color ipods . however , for a couple of uses : high quality home audio and slide shows on hi-res tvs , it is a great alternative . this dock basically serves three purposes : - the traditional synch & charge function available since the early days . - it helps you get " line " output out of an ipod . line output is a cleaner , higher quality sound output than the usual headphone output out of the miniplug jack . it is the best way to connect your ipod to a home stereo or home theater . - the super video out for color ipods . this function is something you can not get without the dock . so , if you like to show your pictures to your friends & family using a hi-res tv ( plasma , lcd or a flat screen ) this is a great tool to use . as an alternative , if you do not want to use s-video and are ok with regular digital video out , a cheaper alternative is the " apple ipod av cable " at $ 19 from the apple store or similar alternatives . in summary , buy this if you hook your ipod to high quality audio equipment or if you regularly do hi-res slide shows on your tv . if you do n't do it , it 's just too expensive as a synch/charger , since anything you need is in the ipod box
i bought this backpack for walking to work each day with my laptop and various other items i need to carry back and forth ( umbrella , lunch , spare battery , paper , etc ) . it 's well designed and constructed and has fulfilled all my expectations . its size allows me to carry a hefty foldup umbrella which can lie horizontally . i was concerned it size might make it intrusive or awkward , but it 's not . my only minor complaint is that the buckles on the shoulder straps slip gradually and need to be tightened every couple of days
this bag is fantastic,comfortable to carry , fits loads in,protects my laptop,doubles as hand luggage.no complaints at all . best bag i 've ever bought
seems nowadays everything uses aaa batteries so this 30 pack is perfect for just about anyone that needs them . you know who you are . the ones with the video games , remote controls , clocks , and whatever else you need . expecially good to get during the holidays , you should never be without
received it pretty quick , but it was sdsdqu-1024-e10m . there is n't any difference just it comes from europe instead of the u.s. that was pretty odd but otherwise it works
my experience , with several repetitions : the adapter , continuously plugged in , continuously on , works for about 10 days , then stops working and drops the connection . it wo n't restart . the only way to recover is to unplug it , plug in your spare ( you do have a spare , of course ) , and let the netgear wg111t cool off for a couple of days . then you plug it in again , and it works for about 10 days.. .
a super picture with this cable ! for the price , you 've got to try this before spending hundreds of dollars on others . i give it 2 thumbs up
i purchased my first roadmate in august 2004 . since then i have taken it to various places in north america . it 's gotten me out of some tight spaces . i 've never gotten lost while using it . i purchased the second one when the voice interface on the first failed . i sent it in for repair . ( the extended warranty had just run out about 2 weeks earlier ) the new roadmate arrived in two days and has worked fine ever since . the old roadmate was returned to me repaired in about a week . i gave the first one to my wife and she has used it with success ever since . pros : easy to use . amazing detail . cons : sometimes takes a long time to acquire satellites original mount is useless after about a month . i got aftermarket tripod for each unit and they seem to work fine . software updates are expensive .
i have case logic cd wallets from 7 + years ago that are still in good shape...despite the abuse i put them through . i bought this one only because of cd collection expansion . i find simply wiping off the outside cover with a wet sponge keeps it clean . the nylon covers really hold up over time . remember- the " 128 cd capacity " refers to cds without their accompaning booklets . it 's really 64 cds with booklets .
this charger is designed for every ipod except the shuffle . the shuffle connects via usb , this charger uses firewire . every ipod charges while connected to a computer via firewire or usb 2.0 , but this charger allows you to charge your ipod in a wall outlet . in addition to the charger you will need a connector cable . you can use the one that came with your ipod or buy a second one . hook 'em up , plug it in the wall and get on with more important things while your ipod charges . for international travelers , the plug pops off and you can purchase the correct plug for the country you will be visiting . great feature ! i have an ipod dock connected to my stereo and use an extra connection cable along with this plug to ensure that my ipod does n't run of of juice durring parites and long playing sessions . i highly recommend the power adapter to ipod users who want the flexability to use their ipod on the road or in conjunction with a stereo
i did n't buy this on amazon but wanted to say this device is great . the only bad thing was my laptop is old ! ca n't go wrong with this one
our new vcr/dvd player is wonderful . set up was easy and i am even able to record-- something that the set-up configuration on my last model was unable to do . delivery was even faster than expected ! quality is teriffic and price was reasonable
my old dvd would not play some of the many new formats , i.e . dvd-r , etc . this unit plays every dvd i 've put in it with no hassles . the vcr has an auto tracking adjustment feature that seems to be fool proof , no stutters or static in the sound . and the icing on the cake is the remote . i understand it ! plus it controls my television functions . excellent price and standard excellent amazon service . well done
i bought these speakers some time back . i was a bit skeptical because the sub woofer looked a little wierd . but once i plugged it in they sounded really good. .  the remote control is really handy...... . if you are looking for nice speakers for dorms or not an apartment these are it....they are really awesome..... . they go really loud...i owned jbl creatures 2 before and i prefer these to my old ones... . these altec lansings are the best speakers i have ever owned and trust me i have gone through the lot of the
i 've been using sbl soundcards for about 3 years . i use it for recording live and with sound fonts . this usb device is easy to set up and the sound quality is great ! one installation tip . initially after i connected it and installed the software , i was not getting any sound , although the software was installed successfully . i rebooted , and everything was detected and has worked fine since . so just remember to reboot after installation .
i am a audiophile and am very picky when it comes to buying my toys . i bought these by accident when i was acually trying to buy the hd650 's it was too late to cancell my order and since it was half the price i decided to try them out . i first hooked them up to my denon amp and listened to some cds and they sounded awesome . i could hear things in songs i have never heard before . i then hooked them up to my cheapy portable philips cd player just to see what it would sound like . to my surprise it sounded just as good as hooking them up to my denon amp . there was plenty of bass and highs and mids came out very good . the only draw back is that it is open and it bugs people that are sitting close to you . i am glad i got these instead of the 650 's cause my friend owned the 650 's and if you do n't have a amp hooked up to it your out of luck
this little doohickey is exactly what i needed to read my memory sticks . load the software , plug it into the usb port and you 're off and running ! the mobilemate is super speedy ! the files/pictures pop right up with no lag time . and you can read all forms of memory sticks with this one reader . excellent value for the price
i 'm very happy with this model . i use it mostly as a vcr replacement to record broadcast tv shows . you ca n't beat the price for this feature-set . i 'll try to describe some aspects that are n't mentioned in the other reviews . the owner 's manual can also be found online in pdf format . it can schedule upto 16 programs . it does not support vcr + or a tvio-style program guides . you can enter a title into each schedule that appears both on the schedule list and direct navigator chapter menus . it even sorts the main schedule listing and indicates which events are on the current disk . every on-screen menu shows you which remote control buttons are functional on that screen . the commercial skip button advances about 60 seconds which is n't quite granular enough , but 2 clicks and a little fast forwarding works well . the remote operations have a very fast feeling response compared to tape players . my only complaint : the remote sensor on the recorder seems to be all the way on right-hand side . when the unit is in our video cabinet , the sensor is in a deadzone for half the room . we ca n't shift the position much because the disk tray slot is all the way on the left side and wo n't open if it 's too close to the wall . of course this probably means nothing to you . at the highest quality setting ( xp ) it made a very good ( near perfect i 'd say ) copy from a 8mm video camera using analog inputs . at that setting , only one hour of content fits on a dvd . the next lower setting ( sp ) which can hold two hours per disk , the copy from the video camera had some contrast problems . most tv shows recorded in ep ( 8 hrs ) are acceptable quality although you do see the blockiness and some motion blur at times . this is especially pronounced on animated shows . the four-hour lp setting had no apparent digital artifacts on recorded tv . it also has a flex-mode option i have n't tried yet in which you tell it how long to record and it will fit the recording to the freespace available on the disk at the highest possible quality . probably would be good for recording a tv movie . it 's too bad other vendors have n't adopted the -ram format because most of the features on this box only work on that kind of media , but it wo n't play on most other equipment . the other formats seem lame by comparison , but this unit can play and record on them . watching one show while another is recording ( or the same show that 's recording , but from the beginning ) is very easy to do . most of the operations are very sensible and explained on-screen pretty well , but you should spend some time in the manual if you 've never had a dvd recorder before . it can do a lot of stuff . one interesting feature is that no matter what input you are using , the signal is sent through the s-video output . it ca n't burn music cd 's which seems like it would have been a trivially easy feature to add . that and a battery backup ( so i wo n't lose my schedule ) and wider angle of view for the remote sensor would required get the fifth review star
i purchased the monster cable mp hts 1000 without reading the reviews , ( which i do n't usually do ) for the simple reason of where i purchased my hdtv , samsung hls-5687w they were trying to sell me but for a $ 150 , which was too much . i plugged in my equipment to the monster and at first there was no picture only sound . i have directv and they have a connection which allows you to receive digital and analog signals through the same cable . that connection needs to be placed after the monster in the connection loop . after switching around the cables i had a picture again . i ca n't really see an improvement in the picture quality ( hd is beautiful ) i bought the monster basically for the protection
the 50g is the successor to the hp 49g . they both accept only a maximum of 1gb securedigital flash cards since they only have an approximate 1gb operating system file address space . only about 0.9gb of the securedigital flash cards ( a little more on the hp 49g than on the hp 50g ) are accessible . the manuals only vaguely state that they recognice fat16 and fat32 securedigital flash cards . the hp 50g has a black case with a black metallic faceplate . the white and orange shift key labels on the metallic black faceplate have much better contrast and are easier to distinguish than the hp 49g red ( or tomato ) and turquiose shift key labels on the tan anodized faceplate . the black hp 50g looks tastefully geared for serious users . they still have no display backlighting or a color display . the hp 50g keyboard feels a little more compliant than the hp 49g but it would be nicer if they were as buttery smooth as the original early 1970 's series of the hp hand held calculators
the convenience of this product is terrific . whenever i show people how it snaps in half , they 're amazed at the ingeniousness of it and they say how they want to get one . now that all computers have usb ports , i can put my photos into any computer anytime i want without worrying about the docking station . a must-have product for every digital camera ! !
great product . it 's two in one . you have it in your camera and take photos , next you can plug it into the usb port and download data . it 's worth the money
first time i heard these i was floored by the output . nice high , mid and low bass sounds no matter what you have going thru them be it music , games or movies . definately worth the low low price.. .  first person wwii shooter games like call of duty sound awesome with these speaker
i am going to strictly comment on the linksys pap2 . a lot of the reviews on here have been for the vonage service . the linksys pap2 is not the vonage service , but one of many adapters you can use . i am extreamly satisfied with my linksys pap2 . it is small , light weight , and perfect for those who need to travel . the voice quality is excellent and people say i do not sound like i am talking over voip . there is no line noise , static , popping , etc . i am giving this product 4 stars . why ? because there is only one ethernet port . if you have a router , just connect the pap2 to one of your available ethernet ports and you are good to go . if you do not have a router , consider getting another vonage phone adapter with built in 4-port router . there are several .
i read the other reviews and do n't understand where they are coming from unless they are all by at&t or bell employees . i 've had vonage for 3 years and have nothing but good things to say about it . i have local numbers for seattle , salt lake city , boston and san francisco so my friends can stay in touch . these numbers only cost me $ 4.99/each a month . customer service is excellent . they stay right on the phone with you until everything works perfectly . this is especially nice after they added 911 service
i 'm using monster optical cable as well , but with different reasons behind . anybody with a basic knowledge of physics or optics should know that under normal condition light is not susceptible to interference from magnetic field or emf
this is the best lock you can find for laptops , but i am still not very confident with it . it looks flimpsy but better than others
installation on a normal home network setup is very easy . my setup was a little more complex due to voip router , and 2nd wireless router . sling has instructions on their web site but i still had to mess around with my settings in order to get it to work . to work on multiple routers you have to do port forwarding on both routers to port 5001 . once i worked this out everything is great . video quality is good in the house , have n't tried it from another location . i 'm running the sling av with netgear ethernet power adaptors to my router and then watching tv via wireless to my laptop . now we can watch tv in any room of the house . my wife loves being able to watch the news in the morning while in the kitchen . she also loves being able to surf while having a show running in a small window on the side . control of my dish dvr is very good . we can manage any feature of our satelite/dvr box . this will come in handy when we travel as we have our sons seaseme street shows on the dvr and now we can take those with us on the road . overall , i 'm pleased with the sling av . it offers good performance at a great price point . now sling just needs to get the mac version out so i can watch tv on my beautiful 15.4 inch mac book pro
this is a quality built toner cartridge , but for the money , it should have a great toner capacity
i bought this item about 4 months ago and do not have a single complaint . i use it in chicago . a lot of reviews say it takes a long time to acquire a satellite signal , not true at all . i think the longest i have ever waited was 20 seconds . it does have trouble getting a signal downtown sometimes , when i am surrounded by tall buildings ( wacker dr. ) but this is expected and can be corrected with the purchase of an external antenna . overall , this gps works perfectly . the auto-reroute is fantastic , it is very quick to recalculate my route if i miss a turn , and the voice prompts give you plenty of warning in advance of a turn . you will not be disappointed with this purchase
soundwise the klipsch promedia ultra 5.1s were everything that they were supposed to be . the bass is very powerful and can even be overpowering if not adjusted . the sound is crystal clear and with a decent sound card all of the settings can be tweaked until perfection . setup was a breeze and no instructions are needed although they are provided just in case . something to note is the speaker wire that comes with the speakers is a little on the small size and thicker wires should be be purchased if you are picky about your sound . the wires themselves are long enough and there should n't be any trouble reaching anywhere assuming you are putting these in a normal sized room . one last thing to know is that there is no optical input for these speakers and only 1/8 " plugs for hooking up the sound source . if you want optical you 're going to have to go elsewhere . please note that buying these speakers will not make up for having a mediocre sound card or poor music quality . if you are using most types of on board sound or an ancient soundblaster card it is time to upgrade or else you are just throwing away your money . same goes for music quality , if you are listening to an mp3 that is below 128kbps the poor sound quality is because of the shoddy encoding , not the speakers . if you ca n't spare the hard drive space for 192kbps its time to get a new hard drive . overall these speakers are a great deal . while the price tag does seem a bit steep it is well worth the money for anyone that is serious about their music or movies . for those of you who like to game these speakers will treat you good , however in my past experience a good set of headphones is better than a full blown sound system . lastly for those of you who like to play your music and bass full blast , do n't bother spending the money . these speakers should only be purchased by people who actually care about sound quality . if you are more worried about loudness , do yourself a favor and buy some cheaper speakers , you wo n't even notice the difference
it has some very useful addition from the previous model . it has cut the time of doing my homework in half
great for frequent air travel to pass the time . minor complaints - instructions are sparse ( had to get my son to show me how to use itunes & load songs ) , but still have n't figured out how to arrange songs on the ipod . my problem
this backpack has been such a useful companion for me . there are lots of space inside even for huge text books , and compartment is arranged just right to hold variety of stuff---cds , dvds , paperback books , pens , cell phones , water bottles , etc. , etc . there are numerous creative ways of storing stuff . indeed my whole life as a student can be inside at once . as a notebook backpack , this would not provide the best protection . padding is fine , but depending on how much stuff you have a notebook inside could be squeezed a bit more than you desire . also , the clip to fix the cover flap onto the backpack almost is broken after a year of daily use for me . i have had dell 14 " and 15 " laptops with the backpack and fitting was just fine for securely hold it inside . wearing comfort is pretty good , and things are quite adjustable for your body . i would recommend this backpack if carrying more than a laptop , e.g. , testbooks , is essential for you . p.s. , i ended up using a warranty support to fix the buckle . targus 's customer support is first rate---prompt , courteous , and reliable . they actually replaced the backpack with a newer version of the same product . their service totally make them highly recommended
i had to 'fix ' this ipod holder with a bicycle hand grip to stop it from shaking my ipod . i have a decent car and the roads are just ok but this thing shakes and shakes . i also put one of those beer coolers around the base of the foam hand grip and its now rock solid . oh yeah and it holds the ipod just right too . i also put some of those velcro dots on the bottom for a little more security from my cup holder
i had n't seen this product in stores as i usually would see the white tunedok which seemed pretty cool but i decided to buy this one online to go better with my black car ( i have a white 40gb 4th generation ipod ) . the holder is everything you would expect and it did work a little better than i expected . it 's very easy to just place the ipod in the holder and very easy to take it off . you can do it with one hand . you just pull back the small tab of the suction thing on the back and your ipod is easily removed and ready to go . the additional cup adapters is an added bonus for those who need them , but the standard one was enough for me . the part that is black and holds the ipod is what seems to be the best thing about the product . as far as i know the cups are the same grey color for both the white tunecok and this black version , so the difference is only in the ipod holder and not the cups . the only " bad " thing i could say is that the cup itself is made of a rubbery plastic that scratches easily . in fact when i was trying to figure out what the adapters were for ( before reading the manual..oops ) , i scratched it quite a lot trying to fit the two additional cups together . that does n't affect functionality so it does n't make me give it less than 5 stars . a small issue you might want to consider as well is that the tunedok does n't hold ipods in their cases . so if you 're like me and carry your ipod everywhere in a case you might wan to consider having a case that is easy to put on the ipod and remove it to avoid the hassle everytime you want to place the ipod on the tunedok . i like how the black tunedok looks with my white ipod . it kind of makes the ipod stand out more than the tunedok itself . i think the $ 15 price is pretty reasonable for the white tunedok , and this one is too if you 're willing to pay the extra $ 5 for it to go with your u2 ipod . but as i said , i think my white ipod looks cooler in my black car with the black tunedok anyway . edit : i bought it for $ 20 , but now it 's $ 15 . one more good reason to get this one . i 'm not too sure , but it seems like the new 5g ipod fits in the tunedok . if they do , i bet this product is going to turn into a top seller soon enough as the demand for the black ipods is greater than the white one . maybe someone who gets their 5g ipod can confirm this , so do n't buy this for your 5g ipod unless you 're already sure or can try it before you buy it
works better than any other glossy paper i have used with my epson 960
i purchased this for my wife who wanted a case for her hp pavilion notebook pc ( dv5139us ) , screen size 15.4 " , ht 1.8 " , wdth 14.1 " , depth 10.4 " . the bag is for personal use , not business , and use will be moderate . she did want some extra compartments for organization . this case has met all her needs , it is light weight , constructed of durable material , well organized . her notebook fits in this top loading case with ease . she is satisfied with this purchase . we would recommend purchasing this case .
i have owned many sony cameras in the past and am currently using two right now . the only problem i have encountered with any digital camera is that when you think you have enough memory , you run out when you need it most . that is why i upgraded all of my cameras from 256 and 512 meg memory sticks to the sony 1 gig . actually i carry a spare 1 gig too where ever i go . look , when you take video with your digital camera or you use a high file size ( 3-6 megapixels ) per picture , which you should always do to get the best possible prints made , your camera will need a ton of storage space . especially if you are on vacation or encounter a great photo moment or maybe even something you had n't expected like a wildfire , a plane crash , a bank robbery or maybe even a cat in the park having kittens . you can always " resize " you photos to a smaller size later when you save then to your computer if you want to save space . trust me , take large megapixel pics now and you will be amazed at how many shots came out better that you expected . you never know . i have tons of pictures that people ask how did i ever get such good pictures of such amazing things . i have a helicopter crash , police car up a power poll , deer in downtown oakland , house fire before the fire dept got there , tons of wild animals , any many more things i saw while i was driving somewhere or walking in a park . if you want great photos you have to be prepared when the moment arrives ! matching a camera with its name brand memory is also a great idea . no problems ever ! ! the sony memory sticks i have from 5 to 6 years ago still work great with no problems . they make it fast and easy to transfer data from your camera to your computer . they are tiny wafer thin and extremely light weight and durable . i have first hand knowledge that products with the sony name on it are first rate and high quality . if you want quality buy sony
at first , the keyboard looked cheap and the keys were in slightly different places than normal , but after time , i got used to the layout , and found that the keys actually work surprisingly smooth . it probably helped my game a bit . the extra bit on the front of the board did break off after 2 weeks , but i did n't like using it anyway
i bought this speaker cable because i wanted it to fall in a straight line and hug the walls without curling all over the place . this cable does just that . i 'm very happy with it . if that is your goal too , i can recommend this cable . regarding the long standing debate of whether monster cable sounds better than cheaper cable , i 'm not an audio engineer and do n't have an opinion
i 've used the itrip by belkin , the tunecastii by belkin , and this monster icarplay for getting my tunes to my car speakers . this is the best design and works the best of the three . i like that it can charge my ipod and that the transmitter itself is inline . the signal seems to be decent enough , though of course it crackles sometimes or you hear a bit of static . this gets more pronounced the louder you make it . i think this is the safest for car use . the itrip is a nightmare because you have to change the station through the ipod . so if you 're taking a car trip ( i live in ny but went to college in mi -- that 's a 12 hour drive ) and signals are coming in and out and you need to adjust , you really ca n't do it safely with the itrip . the tunecast is a bit better , but that runs on batteries ( the optional charger/power supply that i got for it did n't work ) . also , you can tune into any fm station with the up/down buttons , which is good , but you really only need the lower stations . the icarplay has 8 frequencies it can transmit over and only 1 button . though i feel limited by the 8 , i do n't think going higher would help because there 's more congestion . i like the single button because there 's no confusion whether you 're going up or down and you can press the button , then easily tune the radio up a notch . the other limitation i see is its ipod specific ( uses dock connector ) whereas the tunecast just hooks into the headphone jack and it only works in cigarette lighters so you ca n't use it without a car ( or something else with that power source ) . but considering i bought it to use in my car , it does what it should and does a decent job of it
works precisely as advertised . none of the complaints in previous reviews hold for my experience . specifically , battery backup works and sound quality of messages is excellent . only negative : too many words spoken by the machine and they sometimes seem to overlap
we replaced a tape unit with this one and are so pleased . no more waiting for the tape to rewind and this one keeps the messages once played until you remove them . also very accurate on time . we love it !
the things i like most :  1 . my recorded greetings ( two greetings allowed ) and my caller 's messages are clear and clean . 2 . the unit 's appearance and styling is sleek and modern . the controls layout is good with everything in view and accessible on the top . my last machine had some of its controls on the sides causing me to have to pick it up and turn it around and around looking for a particular control . this machine is better in that respect . 3 . learning to use it is a very easy and intuitive process especially if you have used other machines . the included instructions clearly explain how to use its less obvious features . things i did n't like : nothing , really . but some minor annoyances include :  1 . the electronic accent of the generated voice of the machine was a little hard to understand at first . but i quickly " learned " its accent . your callers will never hear it after you record your own greeting which will be clear and sound like you . otherwise , your callers will hear a default message in the machine 's voice . 2 . i installed the 9 volt battery first and the unit would not turn on when plugged into ac . removing the battery , then plugging in the ac , then installing the 9 volt battery allowed it to power up and work normally . the battery installation instructions and general installation instructions did not indicate any particular installation sequence requirements regarding the battery
bought it for my elderly mother , who is getting hard of hearing . the volume control on each handset has helped her a lot . she also says that the clarity from the handset is better than anything phone she 's had before . the extra large size base unit dial buttons are also very helpful for her
we received our dlp tv stand in record time . we had wanted to get it for a new tv that was being delivered that weekend . we ordered on i think a tuesday and it was at our office on friday . it was in excellent shape and we had no trouble putting it together . the tv fit perfectly !
the numbers on the clock are not bright enough to see in the day light i wish they were brighter and bigger
just a note to future readers - if you take gemstar up on their offer to " upgrade " this model you will receive some nice new features , however what they do n't tell you is that your machine will become proprietary ! all the books you had before will become unreadable and your ebook will only be able to " read " gemstar books in the future . this means you are force to buy all future books from the gemstar catalog only ! the new features that come with this upgrade to the 1150 model are hardly worth being locked into one ebook vendor forever . the openness of this little model is it 's beauty - it 's the last one of it 's kind , as all future models are proprietary
this was a very highly rated item on cnet . at the price i paid for it at amazon it was like they were giving it away
just spent the weekend photographing and video recording lots of activity and did n't even get close to capacity . this is fantastic
2gb of flash memory will not be destroyed at high altitude or dropped short of shattering the memory stick . a 30gb hard drive as in the ipod 30g ( that my son has ) is subject to air pressure , shock and temperature domain that a flash memory device will not be subject to . because the hard drive spins to lift the heads above the disk , moisture from condensation will cause the head to crash if , brought in from a cold car and turned on . i do not know about the ipod but some larger devices have dew point detector that will not spin up unless the air in the device is at safe temp . that 's why. .
i am pleased at the sound of these speakers . i feel that for the price , it was a good purchase . the carrying case that is included is a nice addition . you can use the included a/c adapter or run it on batteries . not only do i use these speakers with my ipod , but also for my mac book laptop . i do n't need an overbearing sound , but these portable speakers are just right
kit completo para colocar una peque    a red inal    mbrica casera , sin problemas . sencillo de instalar , tanto que cualquier bolsa sin experiencia puede hacerse con este kit . tiene se    al fuerte , sin atenuaciones . saludo
i purchased a sony wega 27 inch tv . i took advantage of it 's rear component input labeled video4 . i connected my sony dvp360 dvd player . with dvd viewing , the movie dinosaur , bug 's life , toy story 1 and 2 , and vegas vacation , the colors were very vibrant , details were dynamic , and the picture quality was very accurate in at least 480 lines of resolution . i have viewed these same movies on larger screen hdtv 's such as the pioneer elite and was disappointed ? ? ? glass picture tubes provide a more realistic picture . i ca n't imagine that i can do any better for my television than these cables . i am completely happy with dvd movie watching on my sony wega with these monster component 3 cables
i had a game that would not even play on the xbox because it was so scratched . after using the game dr . it works perfectly . it is like i bought a brand new game . the game dr. was pretty easy to use too
this is a fantastic home projector . i am a very picky electronics fan . this exceeded my expectations . the colors are rich , bright & great . panasonic produces best colors . i own their camera , camcorder & now this . i am going to buy their hdmi dvd playe
i have paired this with my linkysys wireless-g router and i have not had any problems with either . the modem installed without any issues . prior to this modem i was using an rca which began having connection problems . since the linksys install i have rock solid connection to the internet and a more stable wireless network . previously i would expirience intermittant " drop outs " and would have to reboot . currently i couldnt be more satisfied has been a good 3 month
the product was easy to load onto my windows based computer using windows xp . i connected everything as instructed and as soon as i plugged in the tv cable to the back of the modem , my internet explorer picked up the signal and put me at the log in page for new accounts of my cable provider . the modem comes with both a usb and 100t ethernet adapter port , so use whatever way works best for you . i tried them both and they appear to work at the same speed . i am guessing it all depends on the speeds your cable provide is delivering . amazon had the best price on the product if you have the time to wait for their free shipping . i ordered some stuff from them in the past and the free shipping seemed to take forever . you may want to factor in paying the additional cost for shipping when buying this product if you need it right away . the price , even with the additional shipping charge is still a little less expensive than best buy . the cost difference between buying it at a best buy store and amazon online will not be much , and you 'll have to wait a few days to have it in your hands , but you get to avoid the drive to the store . i went this route , paid the extra shipping and waited for my package to arrive . if time is not an issue , then use the free shipping method and you will discover that amazons price ca n't be beat , it is the lowest price anywhere .
i bought these for my dvd player . they work wonderfully ! the old analog cables that came with the dvd player looked alright but [ did n't measure up } . these monster cables definately enhance the sound of my dvd movies , especially the dialogue . the old cables that i had made my movies sound a bit muffled . but the monster cables intensified the clarity from the dvd player to my reciever . for those of us who can not afford 5 speaker digital surround sound , i would definately recommend these cables if you use regular 2 channel stereo for your movies or cds
i purchased 2 cards for about us $ 42 for my psp they work ok . i had other sandisk products and dont have any complaints . best of all these cards came with the adapter memory stick pro duo to memory stick . so i could use it with my videocamera . its nice when one company starts addresing the multiple formats problems .
i just bought a refurbished roadmate 700 a few days ago . it took minutes to locate my current location , which was totally normal . i kinda feared that i would have the gps with the older version 3.2 , as some people said earlier . but in fact , the one that i got is with firmwave version 4.32 , the newest version . the voice is working good too . i am happy with this product , even though it is a refurbished one
if you go through a lot of aaa batteries , this is one of the best deals on the market , short of investing in a recharging unit and a couple of rechargeable batteries . a very good value
a sore back and a sore shoulder forced me to search for a better means to carry my laptop . i took a month to research laptop backpacks and finally settled on the kensington contour . i did n't want to buy a kensington . i wanted a backpack making company with a name i knew , like jansport,or kelty . i 've been a backpacker and was familiar with their products . i settled on the kensington because it had the qualities i was seeking : comfort , quality materials and design , water proofing , laptop padding , urban black , rugged exterior , sophisticated appearance , lots of pockets , adjustable lumbar support with back padding and a water bottle pocket . i write and work in media for a living . mostly i work at home , but once a week i travel to cities . this pack does exactly what i want it to do - have places for everything i need , protect my precious laptop , and look hip . so now it is a few months later . i still like my pack , but twice now the hardware has broken . the first time it was just the zipper-handle on the little outside pocket . it fell off . kennisington immediately replaced the pack for free . last week at the airport the tab that holds and adjusts the left shoulder strap-- broke when slung the pack across my back . i have n't contacted them yet
as a journalist , i need to tote around a microcassette recorder with me wherever i went . now , with the zen 's microphone/recording feature , i 'm able to use it to record my interviews , and it 's easier to transcribe because of its clear , crisp recording quality . you can also play .avi files , so unlike ipod users , there 's no need to convert them in order to view them . many might find it a bit bulky compared to the new ipod , but with its added features , it 's a small flaw that 's easy to overlook .
so far i used one tape of this pack . the video quality is pretty good
short review : have burned about twenty disks , all work perfectly . have made home dvds out of them , all work in three different regular dvd players that i 've tried . very satisfied with them
to avoid burning a coaster , update the firm ware on your dual layer compatable drive first ( [ ... ] ) . the verbatim discs seem to have fewer compatability problems than the other brands i 've tried . if your home dvd player is not dual layer compatable , you may experience some problems . it 's normal for the movie to stop momentarily when it switches to the second layer . for best results with movies , i burn these as slow as possible . for data storage , they will burn at 8x no problem . these discs work as advertised . if you 're torn between verbatim and another brand , i would opt for verbatim discs . they really do work the best
the sandisk cruzer ti is the most durable thumb drive on the market . i had a 512mb cruzer ti before this one . i dropped it stepped on it and was just not too careful with it . through all that it never failed me . i needed an upgrade and picked this one , because the 4gb was not available . it move data fast and the new u3 stuff is very interesting . i am not all that used to the u3 stuff yet , but i am sure i will start to use it to its fullest soon . co-workers of mine buy the less expensive usb drives and break them . the sandisk cruzer ti is the absolute best
i had a small 512 sandisk a while back , so when i saw a review for the titanium 2gb cruzer in a popular computer mag , i decided to upgrade from my lexar 1gb . so far , i 'm very impressed . just did a 1.26gb transfer that took 140 seconds . i was a big leery of the included software , but was pleased to see that if i did n't care for it , it was easily removed . i have not had an issue with either the software or the drive , and am very impressed with the design of the retractable interface that requires pressure to expose or retract . this is a very good drive , and contrary to the negative comments , i would encourage anyone looking for a fast , stylish , practical jump drive to seriously conside the titanium cruzer
i am satisfied by the purchase of this targus cvr600 15.4 groove notebook backpack since it is super wide , comfortable and with many compartments to keep objects apart of the laptop . i recommend it to you
great buy for a wonderful speaker system . works beautifully with my mac mini for great sound . would not hesitate to purchase again . great contemporary look on my desk . so easy to turn the volume up or down either from my screen or the subtle touch control on the creature . i highly recommend
i recommend these speakers - have had them for 3 months now and they are great - sound quality is great . power converter gets pretty hot though so i suggest putting it on something non flammable - do n't think it would catch anything on fire but just to be safe . speakers are not super loud but are great if you just want quality sound .
recently bought a analog big screen tv . switched from s-video to component cables . there is a big difference . the picture looks more film like with component cables . do not hesitate to upgrade . stay away from cheap wally world brands . you get what you pay for . the s-video cable i used was monster cable m1000 sv
i got one of these a few years ago . it 's been to several countries , on camping trips , bicycle trips , subways , etc etc and held together very well . i pop this and the handspring into my pocket and off i go , not lugging around a huge laptop anymore . the typing is comfortable , this is just like a laptop keyboard , and while i too have worried about the little popup part where you connect the handspring , it 's taken a beating so far . i 'm buying another preemptively because i 'll be so bummed when i do eventually manage to break the current one . the hinge in the middle is annoying - you have to put the thing on a book or other flat surface to hold it in your lap . i think that when the new one comes , i 'll try to create some kind of deadbolt mechanism to hold the middle hinge when it 's open and then it will be the single most perfect gadget ever
let me just preface this review by mentioning that i read many customer reviews ( here and elsewhere ) on this product before purchasing it . i focused on the negative reviews as to develop a good idea of any potential design flaws . after using this keyboard for almost 6 months i believe that saitek delivers an attractive design with solid quality . command pad : many reviews bash this feature . it is quite a basic pad as compared to some , but it gets the job done . my only main gripe with the pad was how it failed to deliver some windows macros such as ctrl-alt-delete . during games such as wow and cod2 i had no problems whatsoever . the rumor about the horrible software and it being buggy was nonexistent for me . the customers who claimed it to be " impossible " and " buggy " seem to be computer illiterate at best , and judging from the frequency of grammatical errors in their reviews , possible english illiterate as well . if you are familiar with computer hardware then you will be fine with this software and pad . keyboard : the quietness , response , and overall feel of the keys rival any logitech design . i am a huge fan/customer of logitech equipment , and thus can confidently state that this board is of equal material quality . saitek took a more simple route with this design ( no lcd screen etc... ) and the price shows it . * i almost laughed out loud after recently reading some of the passionate and disgruntled reviews concerning the lack of key-symbol illumination . it is obvious that these reviewers did not know much about the product they purchased . unfortunately failing to be informed about a product one buys totally demerits any kind of negative opinion resulting from that lack of knowledge . i would guess that 90 % of the negative reviews about this board capitalize on this point resulting in a much lower overall rating than deserved . last and probably least comes the aesthetics , of course the most subjective part of any review . i found this setup to be very sharp looking . in the dark , the vivid key definition from the backlights allows any experienced typist to quickly find whatever he/she is looking for . this eliminates the need for symbol illumination . although symbol illumination might be a nice touch , especially for the keyboard deficient , i feel that saitek sacrificed this option to provide very durable lettering . i have lost some lettering on logitech keyboards sooner than the 6 months i 've been using this one ( although frequency of gaming has fluctuated ) . saitek engineers probably figured that most gamers would know the keyboard well enough to not need both key definition and symbol illumination , apparently an oversight on their part . i will recap this lengthy review by recommending this keyboard to any capable computer enthusiast who desires a good value .
upgraded from 19 " viewsonic crt . this monitor is superb ! recommendation : go with native resolution , enable clear type through display settings , and download the monitor drivers from viewsonic ( xp uses standard drivers , not as good as viewsonic 's imo ) , then restart , makes a huge difference over settings out of the box .
i love my shure e3c earphones and up until recently was pretty happy with the foam sleeves . however , i was constantly having to reset them in my ears when engaged in strenuous activities . the first time i tried these triple flange sleeves i thought i had wasted my money . later i pulled my ear up and they slid in a lot further... and suddenly i was in heaven . i get the full sound that i love so much complete with throbbing bass line and the things stay in my ears until i pop them out ! ! these are the perfect complement to a wonderful headset :
it says the keyboard is supposed to be easier and more comfortable to type with . i do n't think it is that comfortable . it 's a little hard getting used to , so be prepared to hit the backspace a couple of times . the keyboard is 100ma and uses usb connection . there is a usb to ps/2 converter included . overall , it is an ok product for the money , as it is the cheapest usb keyboard i 've found
arrived in time , decent quality for the price . is a bit difficult to close though , as the zip is n't awesome . but as i said , it 's good for the price
works great , just like ti should , can add more sheets to store more .
this is a very good skin for 60 gb & 80 gb owners . it completely covers the entire ipod without sacrificing functionality . what separates this skin from other skins it the visor ( a plastic shield which protects the screen ) . my only problem with this skin is the belt clip . it is impossible to remove and difficult to use . a better belt clip would make this the perfect skin . this is a very good price from techgnet .
i have this card for a week , and what i can tell you is that this card has a quality that i 've never heard from any sound card - the sound is so clean , balanced and accurrate . of coure , you will need a good set of spekaers . the cmss surround is much better than dolby prologic 2 and dts neo 6 for both music and movies . if you plan to connect the din cable for integrated speakers control with the megaworks or gigaworks , you should know that it 's not working , but creative is going to add support for those speakers in the following drivers . i did n't like the new 24-bit crystalizer sound , but belive me you will not need that feature , just use good mp3 player like winamp 5 + mad mp3 decoder plug and asio plug for the output . i had many sound card like the audigy 2 , audigy 2 zs , audigy 4 pro , esi juli @ , m-audio revolution.. . and none of theme even close to this card ! ! ! worth every $ $ $ ! ! ! ! i recommend you buying from amazon beacuse of thier great service and warrnty , i could't do that because i am outside usa
the belkin cassette adapter was my 2nd attempt at a product that would allow me to play my ipod through car cassette deck . the first , non-belkin , product ( can you say monster here ? ) was crap...stopped working properly after two weeks . the belkin adapter has performed flawlessly for 2 + months now
i have long struggled to find the perfect remote . the urc9910 is n't it , but its pretty good . its no match for my harmony 880 but it also costs a whole bunch less and works through walls . i have 2 urc9910s , both programmed identically for my main ht . the cabinet also contains a second reciever and a sound distribution center for the other rooms in the house . the kids can be using one urc9910 with the tv/ht and i can be in the basement or outside and control the volume of my music with the rf part of the second urc9910 remote . for the price you ca n't beat it . all buttons afik are progammable or mappable . setting it us is a pain and i had to find some pretty obscure codes on the internet to get my tv to do its thing so that is where it looses a star . otherwise its a great performer and with the price , i do n't mind if my kids use it , whereas , they are n't allowed to use my harmony 880 . if cost is no object , then there are better remotes . for the price , i ca n't find one better
only thing i did not care for was the design on the top of the disk . other than that , these are quality dvd
i bought this to replace an epsom printer that refused to print accurate color , and an old canon scanner . i am very , very pleased ! it looks terrific ( my daughter said , " wow , cool new printer ! " ) . set up was easy . and the printing is fast and absolutely beautiful , even in draft mode . better yet , the cartridges are much cheaper than my epson ones . scanning is easy and good , too . i do n't use fax , so ca n't rate that function . overall , i am thrilled with this printer . it was well worth the $ 180
i received the correct q5949x cartridge . my calculations for cost per page is only 2 cents per page , which is contrary to another reviewer 's claim of 12 cents per page . $ 120.00 divided by 6000 pages equals 2 cents per page .
if you are like me and dont really care about the " best " sound quality you can possibly have , and do n't mind the tiny bit of static ( keep in mind i live in a city ) then this is for you . its simple , it works , and im glad that i bought it , and that it didnt break the bank . i like it
i have a gateway cx2610 , and it always got hot in my lap after about 10 or 15 minutes . enter this targus lapdesk . when folded out , it provides a nice buffer between my lap and the heat of the laptop even when using the laptop for upwards of two hours . but wait , there 's more ! i had also found my laptop awkward to use at a desk because of the poor ergonomics . however , i use this lapdesk folded with the adjustable leg to reposition the keyboard to a better angle for typing . it also puts the screen at a better height as well . the desk also works well folded in half with my laptop converted to tablet mode . so , it 's a very versatile accessory to go with my versatile laptop . i highly recommend it
i got the newer model of these , with the blue light on the speakers . all i can say is that these speakers are worth the money . you get what you pay for . these speakers have pretty good highs in them , bass wise there decent . they hit alright , and sub decent . you pay more money , you get a better system you know . this system here is n't much money , so it is n't going to be the best . so there is n't no reason for the bad reviews . i think they work really good for the price their tagged at . so if your looking for a system with some good highs , and decent bass these are for you
i recently purchased a pny 512 mb secure digital card from best buy when it was on sale for $ 29.99 each card . i had been given a sandisk 256 mb card for christmas the past year , which had gone curropt . the pny is so much better and so much cheaper for virtually the same quality or better than my old sandisk . i would recommend this product to anybody who is fed up with sandisk or any other high priced memory manufacturer . steve
this was part of my stereo update . i selected this receiver for quality , value and ease of operation . i matched it up with the sony cdpcx355 300 cd player and a fresh pair of those bose 301-v speakers . years ago i used to be an audiophile and i now think i 'm going to enjoy getting back into my hobby
i bought a 32 inch 5 years ago . in 2003 when movie i was trying to move it across the room and it flipped face first in the floor . mind you i had paid like $ 200 for sear 's sorry 3-5 year ? warranty and it turned out they would n't have replaced it or probably fixed it even though my sister worked there . i heard a sickening crash ( like the picture tube/glass breaking ) . it still works and only has a dent it the top left . i think i got the remote a little wet years ago and it never worked again . not a big deal since i have a directv remote,but i forgot i even had pip because of no remote . from now on if i can afford it i will buy sony only . i bought an xplode cd player 2 years ago with no problems except a dead remote that i never use
this tv weighs a ton , took three adult males to pick it up off of the floor and load it into an entertainment armoire . i have owned several sony tvs and really thought hard about this purchase because of firmware issues that i have had with a 27&quot ; sony . mainly compared this model with the corresponding panasonic tau , absolutely hated the tau remote and am very familiar with the sony . note that the remote was not the deciding criteria , but it was a consideration . i have no real complaints about this tv , the menu system is nice and the picture very good . i do not normally use the built-in speakers so really ca n't comment about their sound . this tv has a 16 : 9 enhanced mode that must be selected from the menus , i tried it once using a dvd as source input and liked the widescreen format that the dvd player provides better than the 16 : 9 mode . the 27&quot ; sony that i have has an auto-volume feature , this 36&quot ; does not and i do miss it . i would purchase this unit again . note that there is a very similar sony model that has upgraded sound , but not consider it because the added width would not fit in the armoire
these are amazing products for low freq . they 'll really get down word of advise do n't use them for higher bass freq sounds more like a grinding noise after about 75 htz . enjo
the 4gb high speed memory card is the best it is fast and it can store so much data i cant even imagine using all of the memory but the only reason i gave it 4 stars is because it 's over 700
i bought these here and have had the for a little bit now . they work great . i will buy more when needed .
no problems w/ the phone . there is no mute button and it 's annoying to hit two buttons to mute/unmute . i also could n't find a way to change ringer volume but it 's easy to change the ringer melody and there is one that 's really soft . the menu is not as intuitive as it could be but overall it works just fine as a phone .
i really like this mouse . it is easy to use and is one of the most comfortable on my hand . i have gone through a lot of mice and have finally found the one for me
this stand works great for bringing the monitor up to eye level . if you want to sit comfortably...get rid of back and neck strain...this targus stand is definately the way to go . and...the price is right
this monitor stand is worth every penny , and considering the price , that really isnt that many pennies . what a monitor stand does is it raises the monitor to make it easier on your neck to view . i have an ibm laptop and i place it on top of the stand . with the stand , i probably have to look down at most about 10-15 degrees . before the stand , i would have to look down at about 35 degrees . this does not seem like much , but if you spend alot of time staring at a computer screen , your neck will be sore . buy this stand and your neck will thank you .
the case itself fits very snug around the ipod , and even gives it a better look . the only complaint that i have is that the plastic window that covers the dial pops open , and even falls off at times . i still give the case a 4 star rating , because i am a soldier in iraq , and this case is doing a very good job of keeping my ipod clean . if a product can keep something clean in iraq , then i am guessing that it can keep things clean anywhere .
what can i say , it 's a rubber case that stretches over my ipod . there 's little room for malfunction . white would 've looked better but is n't available through amazon or its merchants without paying more than the product cost for shipping . it has little hard clear plastic windows over the screen and dial , the dial covering pops open . so far ( several weeks now ) they work fine without scratching
these speakers were purchased for office use and occasionally for on the road . they are a great look and compact . the sound is decent and should not be confused with higher end speakers . they serve the purpose for which they were intended as far as i am concerned as i purchased them to play my nano i-pod . i do recommend them .
i agree with most of the reviews here . the pc155 is a great headset overall . the sound quality is great . volume is more than adequate and fidelity is excellent . i 've listened to a great deal of mp3 music through these babies and i am very impressed . spacial/stereo imaging is great and i 've actually heard things in the songs that i have never heard before ! it actually shows the imperfections of my mp3 and makes me realize that i probably need to turn up the bit rate when ripping my cds . the controls are also simple to use , both on the cord and on the pc . audio recording quality is great as well . i have tried it with dragon and recognition works great with it . playback of recorded sound shows that the sound is a little on the dark side , however . ps and bs are a little too hot even though i have tried different mike positions and used the included wind sock . my biggest problem with the set is in the comfort department . i first feel obligated to tell you that i do not normally wear full coverage headphones . usually , i wear high-quality buds . so , perhaps i just have to get used to it . however , i feel as though my ears are being squeezed too much with these headphones . instead of feeling like they are comfortably secure , they feel as though they are too tight and they make my ears hot... even after only 15 minutes . so , despite my positive review of the sound quality , i am going to send these back and try the pc165 . they supposedly have bigger ear cups , which will hopefully translate to more comfort ? other people here have not had problems with the comfort of the 155s so it is probably just me . update : i received the pc165 set and there is a big difference . the sound is fuller and bigger ( not louder ) on the 165s . also , the comfort is much better . they do n't pinch my ears like the 155s . the cord going to the headset is also thicker , which means fewer tangles and less chance of damage . if you 're thinking of the 155s , i would get the 165s instead
i purchased this headset for use with my mac dg5 and skype internet telephone . the combination is killer . i can not compare to other similar equipment as this is my first and only , but for me , the quality is far better than what i have with my phone , and it was really as easy as plug and play . i wish that the headset had thicker and stronger wires ; i wish that the headset was more sold . on the otherhand , i have not had any problems with the equipment up to now . and the sound quality during telephone conversations is steller , which is important to me , especially as my hearing starts to deminish . i saw some comments about the headset as an audiophile listening headphone . imo , this is too complementary . for its price and features , a good buy and good sound quality , but imo , this is not an audiophile headphone .
all 3 kids have a tunebase . it works great , easy to use . it also charges the ipod while we travel
i 've gone through a ton of headphones in recent years . they 've included koss " the plug , " sennheiser px100 , koss ur29 , koss sportapro and a few others . all had their strong and weak points . so far , this has been the closest i 've had to a good balance . for my tastes ( not necessarily anybody else 's ) , strong bass is one of the most important things . the px100 felt very weak in this area , despite what everybody else seemed to say -- weaker than my old sony mdr-nc20 ( which are still going strong after 6 years and remain my backup headphone of choice thanks to their decent sound and folding ability ) . i had problems keeping " the plug " sealed in my ears , despite the " hold the outer ear while the plug seats " advice . they 're also a very a bad choice for ipods because their very low impedance overdrives the amplifier circuit . the sportapros had great bass , but leaked way too much sound . the ur29 had good bass and very good isolation , but were a little uncomfortable , warm , heavy and too bulky to use on the go . going back a few years , i had a pair of akg k240s that had disappointing bass . ditto for a pair of sennheiser hd-420s . the k26p seems to combine the better aspects of all these phones . the bass is among the strongest . when i listen to the 1812 overture , the " cannon blasts " come through loud and clear , even at moderately low volumes , with no distortion at all . isolation is n't as good as the ur29 , but not too bad . certainly a lot more portable , easy to stow in my bag at all times . the px100s fold smaller , but they 're a pain in the neck to stow in their hard case . the higher efficiency of the k26p means i can set my ipod at a lower volume . instead of 55-60 % of max volume with the ur29 or the stock earbuds , i now run at 35-40 % comfortably . in terms of comfort , they 're comfortable enough for hours of wearing , after a couple of slight modifications . if they press too hard on your hears , first extend the headband all the way , then gently straighten each half a little bit by gripping a couple of inches of steel band at a time and unbending it . after a few tries , it should be perfectly fitted to your head . do n't bend too hard or grip the plastic parts or you can break the phones . be patient . so it takes a couple of days of trial and error , but in the end , you get good-sounding phones that are wonderfully comfortable . you 'd be surprised how little pressure is needed to produce a good seal . you 'll know if you 've unbent too far because either the phones will slide down or you lose bass . here 's an easy test : with a finger on each side , press the earcups harder onto your ears . if the bass does n't get stronger as you press ( the way it does with all open-air headphones ) , that 's as good a seal as you need . i hated the little , square foam pads on the plastic sliders and quickly peeled them off . all they seem to do is create two pressure points on top of the head . other phones with similar headbands ( like the koss sportapro/portapro ) do n't use these pads , so i do n't think they 're really necessary . better to let the headband rest directly on the scalp and distribute the pressure over the entire headband , and so far my suspicions seem to have been correct . it has been far more comfortable for me without the pads , especially after more than half an hour . in fact , without the pads , i barely feel the headband at all . overall , i 'm satisified , especially at its low price point . i hope to use these for many years to come until either they break or something better comes along . by the way , do n't be put off by comments about the warranty being invalid in the us and canada . read the whole warranty sheet ! a separate section on the sheet covers a limited warranty for these countries , so yes , it is covered
i had been wanting a nice color gps unit for a while . my wife purchased this one for me and i love it . i purchased the city select maps to use with the autoroute system . it would be nice if the maps were included with unit . i 've had it out on several caching trips now and it has n't let me down yet . make sure you take the time to read through the instruction book so you will know how to use the many features that the unit has built-in
this is a overall convient carrying case . it does not scratch you ipod in anyway . this is a great case for jogging or everyday use , it has a belt clip that works very well . great and simple case , i highly recommend it for everyday use
this is a wonderful product . the surround effect is phoenomenal and i just love it . the extra $ 50 is worth it for the quality sound that it delivers
i initially purchased this model then returned it in favor of the sony srf-m37v because of its five one-button pre-sets which make it a no-brainer to use while exercising . however , the srf-59 , perhaps because of its analog tuning , suffers less from co-channel and adjacent channel interference on fm . it 's audio is slightly brighter and more musical with a decent pair of headphones or earbuds than its digitally tuned cousin . with this in mind , i purchased another srf-59 yesterday and spent all last evening listening to it . i literally could not make myself shut it off and go to bed i was having so much fun scanning the fm dial . there was a program which aired last night on a local channel which featured bass-heavy 12 " remixes of eighties new wave hits with , blessfully , very limited commercial interruption . over the course of a three hour listening session , i gradually cranked up the volume . as i was too lazy to fish out decent earbuds , it became apparent that with bass-heavy audio at very loud volumes the srf-59 's tiny amplifier was insufficient to drive stock walkman style headphones and peak audio was clipped which simply necessitated turning the volume down a tad to restore full musicality ( i understand that decent quality earbuds require less power to achieve the same level of high sound output , therefore there will be no audio clipping ) . nevertheless , the sound quality from this bargain-priced walkman through less than ordinary headphones was astounding . the party is literally in your head , and the soundstage ranges from ear to ear , which is somewhat disconcerting when it is located above your sinuses . i also made one pass through the am band and there the srf-59 was no slouch either . i hauled in 1200 woai san antonio which is approximately 1000 miles from me . though no true dx machine , after all how could it be , it is at the least a competent performer on the am band as well ( i suspect early in the evening am dxing conditions were as good as they have been in a long time ) . for more on this model and others visit xin feng 's website . i highly recommend this model for cheap thrills !
a good basic am/fm radio . not digital tuning , but it works fine . reasonably good reception
i bought this item rather than the cheaper products advertised because i trust toshiba and because the picture quality was better than average . overall , i am very satisfied with the product . we have used it on several aiplane trips and my toddler is very entertained . we have n't had any problems with the mechanics of the player . we also bought a case ( which i highly recommend ) so that we have enough baby einstein to keep her happy to our destination . also , the battery has never run out , and charges quickly . my only problem with it is that the volume does n't go up loud enough without earphones to hear it very well in a roaring commercial airliner . but , my daughter mostly looks at the pictures anyway , so it was n't that big a deal for us .
this dvd player is great for the road , and even at home when you do n't want to be bothered . unless the are much loud noises happening around you , the players ' speakers work fine . it comes with all of the accesories you 'd want , including a car outlet , wall adapter , remote , and the battery . it charges in under 4 hours , and plays for over 3 hours . the player is sleek and so is the battery , but together are a bit bulky , not bad . screen quality is good , great for a portable . made of good quality materials . i 've had it for a month and nothing is showing signs of wear-n-tear . a recommended accessory to purchase is a carrying case , which will haul all your add-ons that are included . i bought the targus sport , which is great also . for 160 bucks , it 's well worth it !
i do not have a hearing problem , but my previous cordless phones were inaudible even at high volume.. this phone fills the bill -- at least so far ! the only caveat : no speakerphone , which would be handy considering the amount of time most of us spend on hold .
this car kit works very well . the screen is a bit larger than other dvd players of similar type . the only down side is that the battery only charges for about 2 hours ( shorter than many movies ) . so , if you are going to use this in the car , you need to be able to charge it
we bought this unit from sam 's club right before a trip to disney world . ( 8 hours in the car with a toddler--eek ! ) however , it was/is perfect ! we still use it for trips around town when we 're in massive traffic or our son is being really fussy . the case that keeps the dvd player on the back of the seat needs a little work , but we figured out a way to make it work for us . also , the remote does n't work well , but we do n't really need to use it as a dvd usually lasts long enough between stops
the cable was a good price , and it fit my printer perfect . worth the few pennies i paid
these speakers are great for the common traveller and have great clean music . the only reason i did not give this 5 stars is because it doesn ; t fofill the height of volume i wished . it is pretty loud , but i like really loud . i do not own this but one of my friends does i hoe to get logi3 i station for my ippod it seems awsome according to the reviews
these speakers are not what i had expected from their size , price , and looks . their quality , even at high volumes , exceeds many other speakers i 've seen at double the price tag . the reason i bought these was because of the other reviews and the size . another reason was the proposed battery life , 35 hours on 4 aaa batteries , not bad at all . so far its been very close . i have heard the other speaker ( systems ) and yes the jbl onstage and the bose sounddock are both very good and do live up to their reputations , but your stuck with using them only when there is an outlet nearby
i spent a lot of time reviewing toaster ovens to replace our 8 year old delonghi alfredo one . most of the others had so-so features or bad enough reviews that made me pass on them ; however , with the 5-star review and cuisinart name , i chose the tob-30bc . it toasts , it bakes , it looks nice and it has the knobs that my hubby likes in lieu of digital . overall , it 's a great oven and we have no complaints with it 's cooking abilities or the sturdiness of the unit ; but less than a month later , one of the knobs broke off the unit . they are completely plastic and no metal reinforcement to prevent this from happening . my hubby sent an email to cuisinart and they are sending a replacement knob , but one would have expected better engineering from a name like cuisinart
when we needed speaker systems for a batch of new workstations , price was the main consideration . the price for these units was well below budget . since our main application for them was for audio-enhanced cat ( computer assisted training ) , high fidelity and volume were not issues . they worked admirably for the purpose . the use of a usb port for the power supply was a clever twist . one of my aggravating support woes is keeping speaker power adapters matched up with corresponding speakers . i had been buying unpowered ( unamplified ) units with no manual volume control . the usb trick gives me just what i want
i 've purchased several logitech mice ( cordless optical ) and i 've been satisfied with all of them , except for the battery life . i had to change the batteries in my previous mouse once a month . this new logitech mouse is terrific . it 's been several months and i have not had to change the batteries yet ... and i am not even using the on-off switch ( i want to test the battery life without the switch first ) . battery issues aside , the mouse is smooth , light and accurate . it was simple to install and i 'd buy it again in a heartbeat
this stereo works great and its cute and small so it doesnt take up alot of room , it lights up blue when u turn it on in the dark and i love the remote , now i dont have to get up to switch the station
i bought this headset and i must say it 's a great buy . first off it 's lightweight weighing in at about 16 grams . it 's small which definately helps when your wearing it around . at times it 's like you do n't even feel liek your wearing anything . exactly how a headset should be . i 've place and recieved many calls with it already and having been using the the traditional wired headsets of the past this headset sound better and has no wires . the only problem i have found so far is that it takes some time getting used to the button placement and answering calls with the headset . not to mention you only hear the standard ringtone rather than your custom ringtones . but that a small price to pay for such a great , inexpensive headset like this one
i was looking for comfy earphones to replace my phillips one i got awhile back cos the rubber coating had fallen off and i stumbled on this one . i was a bit skeptical about the volume control thinking it would give out after a few times of sliding up and down but it works wonderfully and is so light and responsive to touch as well as being sturdy . i started out using the foam that came with it but that proved to be a bother and pretty much useless as the plastic earbuds are comfy enough . and they stay in your ears like glue . no more readjusting and i loved that . for the price , this so worth it .
i bought these earbuds for the first time 3 years ago for $ 15 now u can get them for under $ 10 they last more than six months of hard wear and tear before they need replacing awsome i 've been using them for a long time and do n't plan on changin
lenmar is great to work with , when beach audio will not do exchanges for faulty equipment . beach audio told me i would need to purchase another one then when they get the faulty one back they would refund my money for the second one that i had to purchase . poor return policy . so i just sent it to lenmar under the warranty and they sent me a new one . only took one week to get it . go lenmar . i 've been able to watch on a 10in . portable dvd two ( 2hr ) movies on just this battery with a little to time to spare . * * * nice battery * * *
i really likethe design on this protector , and bought 3 . it allows you to plug multiple transformers in , and still have room for regular plugs . slipping plus in is a firm push , but not that tough . i also like the fact that it gives you a warning light if you get up around 12 amps. . cool , but you have to keep in mind a 15 amp circuit shoulld n't have 12 amps to one plug. . the cord restraint system slides out to hold all the cords , then wedges backin to hold them in place . a bit hard to set up , and a zip tie could achieve the same thing , altough this is way easier if you change things
overall , i like this surge protector and would buy it again . i bought it primarily because of the 11 outlets , six of which are spaced out to accommodate big brick-style transformer plugs . i did a lot of digging to find the surge protector that had the most outlets in this configuration , and this unit always came up . it has worked just fine for the month or so i 've owned it . i particularly appreciate the angled plug , which allows you to use the second plug in a wall outlet without a problem . i only have two quibbles with the apc--the color and the stiffness caused by the plug-activated safety shutters . plugging and unplugging cords requires some force to overcome the safety shutters , which could be a problem if you are trying to get something plugged or unplugged while the unit is in an awkward position or hard-to-reach location . on a much more minor note , the black unit and cord stand out quite a bit against light-colored walls and carpets , even when tucked behind a desk . i do n't use the phone or coax plugs , so i do n't know if my unit has the problem ( or " feature " ) other reviewers have reported with internet signal degradation
my mp830 has performed well in the time that i 've had it . my family members have found it easy to use as well . i was saddened at the early demise of my epson cx6400 which suffered from a common problem of dried ink clogging the feeder tube . i chose the canon after reading good reviews , and i got it for an excellent price right here on amazon plus free shipping . it still sells for more at my local office depot and best buy . in truth i have n't tried all of it 's claimed capabilities , but i 'm happy with what it 's been able to do thus far .
i use this in my videography business , primarily for weddings . so far i 've never had a problem , and the mic has always given me a clear recording of voices from a lapel position . i use it in conjunction with my iriver-795 , to record the sound directly , and it 's worked like a dream... recommende
these 2.0 speakers sound great ( and not just for their size ) , are adjustable , small , and good looking . i 'm about half deaf and every speakers with a separate woofer had too much bass when i turned the volume up so i could understand human speech . i 'm happy i spent the money . these are real quality in my opinion
i recently bought an altec lancing headset for $ 20 and it was the worst headset investment i 've made . horrible support for the ears and very uncomfortable to wear and they eventually broke within a week or two . so i bought this headset and i have been quite pleased with it . the mic output is extremely crisp . while talking with clients they said that it sounds like i 'm talking on the telephone with them or better . they are very comfortable and rest on the top of your head unlike many headsets like my prior pair which have a support on the back of the neck which does nothing . all in all a good headset .
works good for me . some time one can hear some interference but over all a pretty good product
this product is awsome , i intalled it on my car with a sony stereo system , i placed the end of the ilink cable inside of a compartment of my car so i could put my ipod in , the sound quality that the cable delivers its outstanding , besides , it does not look like a cheap cable , it has a thick rubber coating that gives it some stiffness... . if you are realy thinking on connecting your ipod to your home or car stereo this is the right solution
i 've been using this cf card on my nikon 4300 for a couple of months now . it writes fast compared to my other cf ( canon stock , from another camera ) . however , start up of the camera takes longer ( because of the size ) , and as more pictures are stored , there is a noticeable degradation in speed in writing . i 've also used this on a dell axim , and it worked great ! no problem in formatting
i 'm still discovering the power of this program - at least when teamed with the garmin 60cs . auto routing , waypoints , detailed maps , assistance in finding the nearest gas station... the list is nearly endless . i 've recommended this combination to several of my friends who are also consultants and who operate in a broad geography
well , i have used 3-4 cassette adapters , till i heard this one , only words that i can say is you have to hear it to identify the difference . i have been using it with my cd player and also with ipod , with others i had to make sure that the volume on ipod was 100 % but with this one hey 85 % is too much . well i showed it to 1 of my friend and he also loved it , and took mine and told me to get another . do n't hesitate to buy this one
i bought this from amazon for $ 15 and it works great with my car audio . it is easy to use and working fine till now . the audio quality is decent and surely recommend this
there are lots of reviews here and most appear to be on-target relative to my experience with these headphones . but here are my 2 cents : i got these to replace some aging sony mdr-v2 's that i purchased maybe 10 years ago . the ear cushions of the mdr-v2 's had begun to deteriorate , and i figured it was time to see what had improved in 10 years . i just compared them to the older v2s and i can say that the v6 is definitely better . they fully surround the ears ( v2s just sat on your ear , pressing on them ) . the v6s also seem to offer more detailed sound . i concur that they sound a little bright , but i can take care of this on my ipod by setting the eq to reducetreble ( but i like the brightness , so sometimes i do n't do that ) . i do not concur with other review comments about weak bass . they appear to have the right amount . ( imho - it is a shame that bass has been overemphasized in the past decade , at the expense of flatness and non-coloring of sound ) . i also concur that the sensitivity of these is quite good ( plenty loud for me with the ipod - and i listen at good levels - albeit not ear damaging ones ) . as a last comment , i notice amazon has these for about $ 65 . i paid $ 99 at a local store . buy from amazon ! ( no - i do n't work for or invest in them ; -
i bought these after reading over a hundred reviews for them , and i agree with the consensus that they deliver a flat , uncolored sound with tight , but not boomy , or overpowering bass . by the way , i 've owned the sony mdr-v600 's for a couple of years now thinking they had replaced these , but they are actually more of a consumer model that seem to be comparable in terms of price and specifications , but are actually quite inferior to these in my opinion . these have been used by musicians , studio engineers , and on air talent for 20 years now
the razor diamondback is awsome no problems with install . and great sensetivity when doing everything
although there are more expensive options , if you 're just looking for something to keep your ipod from sliding all over in the car , the isqueez is a great option . i use this with the monster icarplay fm transmitter/charger , which uses the dock connector . i ca n't get my ipod mini to fit all the way down in where it should because of this , but it still fits in there well enough to stay in place . i find that it holds the ipod at a great angle for viewing the screen from where you 're sitting ( though i 'd recommend putting the passenger in charge of finding music )
this player is very convenient for long trips . if you want to save the money , you can get it free from this web site : awesomestufffree.com/portabledv
i 'm a section editor at a high school newspaper and i have used this drive every day both in that class and in all my others for over a year and it has never let me down . it 's small , sleek and elegant and has a quick transfer rate . the only issue is with the caps ans skins , which get annoyingly loose over time . i carry it around on a little pouch on my keys that i keep on my belt loop . when i pull it out of the pouch it will sometimes pull off the cap and skin . it 's a minor annoyance for an otherwise great flash drive . i just went out and bought the 1gb version and i use them both
awesome product for the price . you need to get a small ring ( like from a key fob from a car ) to use it on your own key ring
good sound quality for the sub- $ 150 ( per pair ) price tag . easy to install
i ca n't believe the unbelievable prices of flash drives these days . i just bought this one from wal-mart for $ 20.00 dollars . that 's way cheaper than on amazon.com . plus i 've noticed that amazon.com has switched to third retailers and some do n't even ship to hawaii , or do ship to hawaii at a hefty price . this switching of amazon having the lowest price to third retailers is really turning me off . possibly even towards purchasing books .
small , convenient and classy . i love the netgear wi-fi phone . yes , it is n't perfect , but due to the uplink with skype , they can update the software in the phone . i 'm hoping they will be able to make the phone more compatible with starbucks and hotel wi-fi . that would make the phone perfect . in the meanwhile , i 'm enjoying making phone calls all hours of the day to my friends round the world
it certainly did . excellent color qualit
after i read some folk 's horror stories , i was really reluctant to purchase this device . well , it took me only 5 minutes to configure the dwl-g710 , and another 10 minutes to find the best place for it in the house . it was really simple and it worked well with our comcast/netgear wireless cable modem . excellent product
i 'm not entirely sure how other people are finding ways to damage their earphones , but i have used the same pair since the summer of 2000 ( purchased from amazon ) , and i have never had any difficulties besides losing the essential earpiece covers , which were easily replaced . when they are wound up in their little yellow case , the headphones ' wires are well protected from stress unlike other models that do n't offer such security . compared to other headphones i have used , especially noise cancelling of both active and passive varieties , these phones have superior bass response , and all levels of sound seem reasonably clear . i have used these earphones with many different devices over five years : cd players , mp3 players ( including ipods ) , pocket pcs , desktops , and notebooks . they always sound great , except - due to their greater sensitivity to sound , i often am able to detect the hiss caused by poorly designed audio hardware , which i otherwise would n't hear with over-ear phones . pocket pcs especially seem prone to this , as their audio hardware is crammed so tightly in with noisy backlit screens and processors
unit performs well , is reasonably fast , and has on-board security software that will allow the setting of a password . if you choose this option , loading each time upon insertion is a little slower , and you must 'stop ' the unit prior to removing it when operating under the password protection . the few times i have forgotten i 've not lost any data , but it scolds me for doing so upon the next use .
purchased the unit 9/05 because there was n't a tele jack near the t.v.... thus far has worked w/o a hitch connected to my direct t.v . black box to show caller i.d . on the screen.. .
these cables are super with my new dvd player . there is absolutely no interference from my other home theater equipment . the picture is soo clear , and vivid . the cables themselves are really made well , they could hold up 100 pounds of weight no doubt . if you get these monster cables you wo n't be sorry
i purchased my itrip about 4 months ago and now can give an objective review of the product . the itrip is a good choice over competitors ' products and offers a good value for the money . radio reception is good ; i especially like the changing channels feature . the fact that it charges the ipod while in use even makes it better . the only negative thing that i 've discovered is that sometimes it disconnects from the ipod slot and i have to push it back . that 's mostly due to rattles and i imagine will get worse with time . overall , good product , good value for the money , and if carefully handled , will last a long time .
i bought mine about a week ago and i have n't had any problems with it . the only reason i gave it 4 stars instead of 5 was because it 's a little hard to plug in & take out . but other then that i 'm 100 % pleased with it . it 's not cd quality but it 's very close . good buy
this review concerns the " v3 " hardware and firmware v3.0_20 - i did not purchase from amazon . for the most part , everything works pretty well . i have discovered a bug where the log is not cleared after a scheduled-email out , which leads to strange behavior for the log-emailing function . i can always go into the web-interface to view or clear it with no problem . another thing to note regarding the log is that vpn ( not pass-thru ) has its own separate log area , which does not get emailed out . as expected , netgear support is mediocre . level 1 support can only handle very simple issues and level 2 support is very slow . i recommend you use the incident-submission area of the " my netgear " website , so you can more easily track/respond to support incidents . for those of you using the fr114p model , this is basically the same thing with 8-connection vpn service minus the printer port . i figure , after a few more firmware revisions , this will be a really good unit
the navigation kit works well although you do need a mostly flat area to set it on . our toyota highlander lacks enough room between the windsheild and the dash to set it up on top , but we placed it below the gear shift on the center console and it worked quite well . the ique was able to hold signels with no problem . i think the suction base might be a better solution for cars with out a low flat dash area
i love the ishuffle . it does the job . not many features , but makes my 2-hour commute livable . i put all my podcasts up top and list the songs in alpahbetical order ( by artist name ) so all is organized . it 's like flying blind , but who said blind was impossible ? certainly not helen keller
i just thought people should know that you can by the shuffle from apple and have it engraved and shipped for free for $ 79.00 ( everyday price ) . so amazon is not really offering a great deal here
this is the best device i have bought for at least a couple decades . i am a degreed engineer , and i love gadgets . just the best . i have had it about 3 months , and i love it . attractive base , all the connections , removable speakers , picture quality is among the best lcd that i have viewed . i highly recommend it
the speakers sounds excellent for it 's price but the power button has a defect . you need to push it a certain way to power it on
it does n't have spectacular bass power , but i am happy for the product i got at such a feasible pric
pro : very clear , stylish , eazy assemble . con : none i can think of
i have had and used two pairs of these headphones over the last year . i have been very happy with them , and even bought the second pair to keep as a backup . the good : they are not only noise-cancelling , but they also are rubber earbuds which fit snugly and comfortably in the ear , blocking more noise . if you put them on without any audio source , in only dulls background noise , but i think that 's the best you can expect from any pair . while listening to audio , nearly everything is blocked out unless you really listen for it . there is a neck strap with the noise-cancelling component in the middle and the two earbuds hanging from each side . you put it around your neck like a necklace , put the buds in your ears , and use the power and volume controls on the noise-cancelling piece . the bad : nothing is actually " bad " about them , but they 're not quite perfect . the earbuds will easily slip out if you 're sweating , or if they get at all greasy from your skin or earwax . however , they pop right off and you can wash them with a little soap and water in about 10 seconds . i do this daily when i use them . however , that does n't make them the best solution for walking or jogging . once one starts slipping , it generally wo n't stay in well until it ( and your ears ) have been cleaned , which detracts from the noise-cancelling effect . other thoughts : the cord is plenty long enough to reach an ipod or whatever at about belt level . however , if the player is in a pants pocket , it could be a little close . also , i often wear it when i 'm not using it , because you can forget it 's there , and also it beats putting it into a pocket to get tangled . i had an issue once because i was sitting at a desk , and it dangled to the floor . when i stood up , i stood on the end and the force of my neck going up while my foot held it down damaged the wiring -- i began to get a slight buzz in one ear . however , i blame myself for that -- it was a mighty tug . i bought mine at target , where they were labelled $ 24.99 , on " clearance " from $ 49.99 . a couple of months later they were back to $ 49.99 . once they dropped again to $ 34.99 ( another " clearance " price ) , i bought a second pair as a backup . i 'm glad i did -- i 'm still using the second pair . battery life is great . i do n't know how many hours i get , but i can go at least a couple of weeks using my ipod for at least a couple of hours per day , listening to podcasts and audiobooks
works great in my cingular 8125 phone . i ca n't believe how inexpensive these have become ! more space than i 'll likely every need , and no speed issues ( noting that the 8125 is no speed demon itself ; i ca n't attest to this product 's performance in something that 's inherently faster )
i ordered the 2 gb card twice....fast shipping and both worked perfectly
this phone has excellent voice quality , including in conference mode . the only reasons it does n't get 5 stars from me is that : a ) it is unable to operate if there is a power outage - as opposed to perhaps just losing some of its functionality . just make sure it is n't the only phone in your home . b ) there is a bug which occasionnally renders it unable to operate . i ca n't figure out what causes it . it may be my cats that walk on it at night and press a weird sequence wit their paws : ) . the only cure i have found is to pull the power plug , which reboots it
amazon has a nice price on the jbl duet speakers ( july 2006 - 36.95 ) dealmac is a site i used and returned to amazon . i purchased these for my office desk where i wanted a crisp sound for low volume daily listening . anything from ambient , to rock and jazz . they produce sounds nicely , nice tight crisp . if these came with a woofer unit these would be ideal speakers , as the 2-pieces alone do not produce any significant bass at all . just the " hints " of bass in the music but no thud , if that 's what you are hoping for . i did turn these up loud to listen to their full sound and they do sound good . these are perfect for offices and just daily music , sound is superb . not for audiophiles or for people who are expecting to shake everything on their desks . build quality is " ok " . i got the white speakers and they are the nice " mac " white plastic . the jbl logo on the speaker itself is awfully big . and the silver volume knob is made of that cheap silver flake paint over plastic which is abit tacky . one of the soft rubber pads on the bottom of these ( meant to not scratch your desk ) did fall off during opening but they are glued on so no big deal in placing it back on . the design is very modern and cool tho . they look nice on my desk . you will need to keep these on for abit to let the speakers fully... break in . they sound awful right out of the box and after maybe one hour of keeping these on they will sound better . on the low end of speakers out right now , these will probably sound the best and are most modern design , compared to the black boxes out there
i bought this laptop stand when i found out that my laptop could drive dual screens so i could have different items on the two screens and drag stuff between them . so now i have the center of the screens at the same height , side-by-side . it is really nice to have twice the screen real-estate . i figured that mostly i would put background stuff on the laptop screen ( like email ) and use my big hi-resolution screen for what i was activly working on . but , now that the laptop screen is up at eye level , i tend to use it just as often as the big monitor ! it turns out that my dislike of the laptop screen had more to do with having to look down at it , even though i was not aware of that until i got it raised .
one of the least expensive ways out there to raise your computer screen to eye level . i am 6'3 , so when i sit i am still pretty high in the air . with this stand i am able to sit with great posture and look straight ahead to my screen . i would definitely suggest getting one of these if you 've ever thought about raising your monitor up off the desk
i 'm overly critical of sound quality . at home i have the tritton surround sound headset running off optical connection . this doesnt ' compare to that but the tritton is $ 99 too . for the $ this is really nice . sound , microphone and wire quality are all good . controls are easy to use and the software is easy to use too . they 're also fairly comfortable . good headset for work
i love this printer . i purchased it to print 8x10s from my digital camera . the ink does n't fade over time like my hp did .
as you may already know , this is an accessory handset which will only work if you have one of these panasonic models : kx-tg2700/kx-tg2720 , kx-tg2730/kx-tg2740 . the panasonic kx-tga271v , does not need ( or use ) a telephone jack . it simply plugs into any standard electrical socket and works off the base unit with one of the models mentioned above . this phone was also very easy to register . ( it had to be charged for about 2 hours before it could be registered... ) i simply had to press the " mute " button on my base unit and then press the " play " button on the phone ( the registration directions were even displayed on the lcd display on the phone ! ) please know that i did find the panasonic instaltion manual/registration directions to be a little confusing . some features that are not mentioned in this description which are included are : finger grips/ergonomic sizing on the sides of the phone , the opportunity to play your answering machine messages off this phone ( the base unit to the kx-tg2730 has a digital answering machine , and i suspect the other panasonic models do as well ) ---- this was the main reason why i purchased this phone , yes the kx-tga271v will play your answering machine messages off this phone through the speaker on the back of it ! ! ! , a separate " call waiting " dedicated button is also included . also , this phone will use any standard headset , it does not need a panasonic branded headset . this was very important for me because i ofen use a headset and i do not want to purchase another one . i have since learned that all cordless phone headsets can be used on any type of cordless phone ! please know that the batteries on this phone are not interchangeable with the kx-tg2730 system ( that is the model that i have . ) also , the kx-tg2730 phone ca n't be charged in this charger , and vice versa . that is ( likely ) because the kx-tga271v phone is slightly smaller and weighs less . the face of the phone is white with a purple trim . the back of the phone is also purple on the bottom and white on the top half . the " white " in the phone is sort of a shiny metalic white , and the " purple " is not shiny at all . some of the buttons are also slightly smaller than the buttons on the kx-tg2730 model . and the lcd screen is not flat , it is indented slightly , and bordered in silver . i purchased this phone from an amazon.com merchant and am very pleased with it . i noticed that another amazon.com merchant is selling the same phone that i purchased for less ( $ 30 . ) , however that merchant has horrific feedback and i was only too glad to pay a little extra for the confidence of knowing that i would receive a phone in a timely manner that would work ! panasonic makes very good phones . the only ( big ) problem is the battery life . the batteries often die after less than 90 minutes . i have solved this problem by purchasing a second set of batteries . however , this is still not a perfect solution . so , i had to purchase another set of cordless phones ( uniden . ) i now keep two phones in each of the rooms that i had each of the panasonic phones , and so far have not run in to any problems . i hope panasonic will offer batteries with longer lives soon . all in all this is an excellent phone . i hope the extra details that i provided will help a prospective buyer make the right decision . amazon.com rarely provides specific details to these types of questions ( does amazon.com only employ braindead dimwits ? ) and the panasonic website does not offer this info
i recently bought an hp 17 " widescreen laptop and needed to find a case for traveling . this case is all that and more...on one side is a detachable cell phone case...the other side a hidden drink holder . it has a pocket that it slides into if not needed- that came in handy in the airport . this case looks extremely sturdy ( well built ! ) and dirt just seems to wipe right off of it . it holds my 17 " laptop , pda , cell phone , computer mouse , one-time-use cameras , ipod , and all the wires and chargers for those electronics . i even fit two books , keys , a folder filled with directions and plane tickets , a notebook , and two dvd 's in here . ( all of that at the same time ) granted , all that stuff makes it pretty heavy to lug around the airport , so if you are doing that routinely you are going to want something with wheels or backpack form . the strap on this bag is extremely sturdy and cushiony . the strap was long enough for me to wear it diagonally accross my chest if i wanted , but it is not detachable ( which means it is n't likely to fall off easily ) . this bag is extremely well-designed . there is a strap for attaching it to wheeled luggage...it even fits under the window seat of the airplane and those areas for storage are much smaller than the aisle seats . very well padded..i knocked my brand new computer around a bit during the travels and kept opening the case to make sure it was okay ! of course it was fine because there are 3 heavy duty layers of padding . because this bag does all that and more , it is large . it becomes larger the more you stuff it ( obviously ) . however , i am 5'1 " and i carried it fine from north carolina to new york . it looks great , if i needed to go to a meeting with my laptop i would gladly take it in this case . it looks professional enough . happy buying ! ps . let me add that finding a decently priced case for a 17 " laptop that has all the features this one does is nearly impossible . also , in the stores i checked this was sold for about 30 dollars more than here on amazon ! ! if you have a smaller laptop , this case will work just fine too ! it has an adjustable divider . you will just gain more room for other stuff . i look foward to long usage of this case .
very reasonable price and a must have as a spare for those that leave affixed to windshield year-round . fast shipping . a great shopping experience
i 've read the other reviews of this product and feel a need to defend this gadget . i 've owned mine for about three years and i love it . i use it nightly . the application i find this perfect for is audio books stored on mp3 . this of one of the only small , portable mp3 players that has it 's own speakers . i go to bed listening to audio books and i do n't want to wear a pair of earphones or lug a set of extra powered speakers around . however just slightly larger than a cd walkman when folded closed it is small enough to work great on an airline trip , where headphones are preferable to the endless roar of the planes engines . the big gripes i 've seen repeated in the other reviews are : 1 ) poor radio reception . 2 ) no bass from the mini speakers . 3 ) short battery life . 1 ) i never use this to listen to the radio , so i wo n't comment on it good or bad . but there are thousands of good and cheep radio 's on the market so if you need a radio , go buy a radio . 2 ) i 'll agree with the poor bass reproduction in the speakers . small cone 's yield small bass . it 's a physics thing . however when i travel and use this to play music in a hotel room , it 's been good enough to satisfy the want of a little background music . 3 ) battery life . i 'm surprised by the times listed by other reviewers . i get about 30-35 hours of use when i 'm on the road using the aa 's . when at home or in a hotel , the ac adapter removes the concern about battery life completely . perhaps this is because i primarily play mp3 disks which it spins up to read into it 's buffer then spins down until it needs more data . anyway i wanted to toss in my two cents , as this is a great gadget for audio book listeners , and i would hate to see someone miss out on it because some reviewers expected the performance of a boom box or home stereo out of a walkman sized device. . it 's my hope that we 'll see more devices like this on the market and the price point to come down a bit . but bottom line , i 've got my monies worth , and if anyone does n't want theirs , i 'd be glad to take it off their hands .
i have used this 128 mb xd memory card and it works fine . the pictures are good . i have had no problems . i now have this memory card and the standard 16 mb card that came with my camera . good deal .
review this product over the internet , and it is just what i was looking for my daughter of twelve years of age , pros . is portable and rechargable ; cons . the sound is not as good as the boose but with less volume it is quite acceptabl
i had bought one of these five years ago when i was in the states and am still happily using it at home . unbelievably durable for a mouse pad heavily used for hours everyday for five full years . fed up with giveaway mouse pads sliding with my hand movements , i was searching for something decent to use in the office and amazingly found the exact same item . it is a good example that how little things make a big difference
i bought this ipod 4g to replace my 2g one that got stolen and chose more memory as the 2g got filled up too quickly . can say that this is probably the best size in terms of memory . otherwise , as usual with macs , very easy to use , even for low-tech people like myself , beautiful design , small and light , not too fragile , just great on the go
just what i expected - good quality , convenient and holds lots of musi
i researched cases upon receipt of my 20 gb ipod and deemed this the best . this case consists of a thin plastic sleeve inside a separate clear , hard shell . the hard case protects the ipod from scratches and minor falls while still allowing easy access to the controls and inputs . it also does not obscure the screen . an enclosed plastic belt clip attaches to the back of the unit . this case is not compatible with a bose sounddock as the user must remove the ipod from the case . also , contour design only enclosed one of the thin plastic sleeves . i spent $ 5 at their website for 5 more sleeves and gave some to friends with the same case . the price seems high for a couple pieces of plastic but a case is essential and this is the best one for the 20 gb ipod .
it 's great if you have high speed enabled devices . it 's very fast a 2gb is sufficient for almost purpose
i 've had this controller for over a year now , and it still works great and reliably as ever . after many months , the analog sticks occasionally drifted a little , but a quick jiggle and they 'd be back to center . the profiler software is excellent , allowing you to fully map the controller to your keyboard and even mouse . this allows you to play any game with the controller , even ones which do n't naturally support gamepads like splinter cell . with the " shift " profile function , you can effectively double the number of buttons which i found great for playing a complicated flight sim like x-wing alliance , completely keyboard free , using only the gamepad . only downside : the d-pad is hard to control precisely . it 's difficult to press only up , down , left or right . you almost always end up pressing a diagonal direction instead . this made the d-pad more or less unusable for games like street fighter , but then the analog stick was a perfect alternative anyway
first , i should say that i 'm surprised at how sharp and clear the image is . the display card at compusa said this monitor has a 1000 : 1 contrast ratio , and i 'm not sure what that means , but it definately seems to translate to a crystal clear picture . the contrast ratio is higher than most other flat-panels i looked at , which have a contrast ratio of around 500 : 1 to 700 : 1 ( including samsung 's own 20.1 " non-widescreen model ) . everything is crystal-clear , which makes it easy on the eyes and good for watching movies . it is also good for gaming - half-life 2 and unreal tournament 2004 , for example , both look great . its wide-screen resolution of 1680x1050 is more than decent for most tasks . it also has a feature that lets you change the aspect ratio to 4 : 3 ( which makes a square picture centered on the screen ) , so if you have any games or other applications that do n't support widescreen modes , you can use 4 : 3 mode so that the picture does n't look stretched and distorted . plus , the monitor has dvi , analog vga , s-video , and rca inputs ( which would allow you to plug in a dvd player if you want ) . the monitor can also rotate 90 degrees , and it has built-in speakers and a headphone jack . being a flat-panel display , it is also lightweight and compact , which is ideal for areas where space is limited . this is my first flat-panel display , and i was surprised at how lightweight it really is . all of these features , especially the sharp image , make this a great monitor , and it is worth the money
this was a defective unit . got new unit and it works as expected
the den of horrors that is the magellan car bracket requires you to have this power cord . if you do n't then you will be fighting to change batteries and remount your gps and that is no fun at all . i have used mine for over six months and it works without a hitch . a nice improvement would be a retractable cord facility so that you do n't have excess cordage lying around your dashboard . right now i loop the excess around the steering wheel but then again i never change the adjustment on the steering wheel so no problem with the wire getting caught up in the adjusting mechanism . others may run into this problem . the alternative is a shorter wire but then it would make the power unit useless for some vehicles . a minor hitch but not earthshaking .
pluged it in and good to go , i skipped the installation disk in fear of what nonsense is loaded on that... went to the admin screen , a little overwhelmed with all the features , it could be more stremlined , for a novice user they would be entirely lost , perhaps that is whats on the install disk ( easier setup ) , but my experience self , got through just fine , enabled the maximum security features ( more so then the easy setup button , which itself is good but does not suffice my network requirments ) . heard lots of issues , was weary , but out of the box works great , no issues , no dropped connections . and for that reason , since it works i do not intend to flash the firmware to the latest , as the saying goes if it isnt boke do n't fix it . btw home network is a mix of print server , wired pc , wireless apple powerbook , everything running smoothly
i 'm glad that i bought the carry case with my garmin etrex , because it has kept it clean and easy to hold and carry . i have n't used the belt clip yet , but i liked that option
after reading the online reviews of this product vs. the portable product i went with this one . portability is not much of a need , i plan on being around a power outlet . the sound is in line with a radio/boom box of the same size and it 's about the same weight . i have a lot of trees around my house so i have to extend the antenna several feet out the back door in order to get a good signal . keep that in mind if you have signal issues with your satellite unit . i have my unit placed next to the back door in the kitchen and i can hear it all over the first floor of my home . so far i 'm happy that i bought it
i was surprised at the sound quality of this small speaker system . i purchased it to use in my bedroom on my nightstand and am very pleased . you can hear the music in several other rooms if the volume is turned up , without distortion . i am very pleased with my purchase and would recommend the speaker system to others
this case is a veritable dirt magnet . it attracts more lint than i ever knew existed on my desk . however , it protects very well . one thing i was worried about was the possibility of the hard plastic front of the case scratching my screen . however , it does n't even touch the ipod . also i worried about a loss of sensitivity for my clickwheel . while it is n't quite as sensitive , it makes it more precise in my opinion , seeing as how i all of a sudden found myself at the end of my artists lists when i wanted in the s range without the case on . this blue case even looks good on my black ipod , even though i was worried the color would appear muted . it 's still vibrant . one complaint that some have already brought up is the covered hold button . truthfully this does n't bother me , because i have long enough fingernails to dig in and push the button . but those without could have a great deal of difficulty . also , the hole for the headset is n't quite large enough , and sometimes my headphones will pop out ( i 'm not using the earbuds that came with the ipod , so i do not know how those would fare ) . overall , it 's a great case that you wo n't lose your grip on . it protects well , and you never have to take it off , even to plug it in . i would recommend it , though it is a bit pricy . in a bit of an update , with this case on , my ipod survived a ferret attack , with only one little tiny puncture mark on the outside of the case . i think this case is well worth the money . my ipod could have been destroyed , but it 's perfect
printers have gotten inexpensive . let 's face it ; the game is , cheap printers and then the consumer buys cartridge after cartridge of ink refills . i 'm fine with that . for the $ 149 amazon price , this machine actually * does * do everything i need it to : a fax machine for those rare occasions i need to fax a physical piece of paper . a great inkject that does n't consumer * that * much ink . it copies and scans . i have used every function , am pleased with them all . sure , it feels a little flimsy ; it is a small machine meant to do work that you are used to seeing a huge piece of hardware accommodate in a standard office . however , it has held up well to some serious use in the past couple months , so that flimsiness is n't really even a complaint . and i work from an office in my home three weeks out of each month , so i am more than glad i can reproduce all the functionality my " real " office provides me . all in all , worth the money
we bought this phone and two additional handsets eleven months ago . one handset gave us problems from the start , but was promptly replaced when returned for service . the system works fine in our 2-story , 2,300 sq . ft. home . i did notice some reception problems carrying the handset into the closed garage with the base station upstairs on the opposite end of the house . as a test i took the handset down the street about 100 yards away - it still got a clear dialtone to the base located in upstairs bedroom facing the street . i like the features , including paging system , call transfer , and handset speakerphone . being able to have a phone at any 110v outlet location is a big plus . i think the sound quality is very good , and the controls well laid out and pretty intuitive . i agree that having to enter memory numbers into each handset is a drag . overall i feel it works as advertised , and we 'll be using it for a long time
i bought this phone over 6 months ago and absolutely love it ! it has great sound quality . i love the features it has such as speakerphone , caller id , and it 's phone directory . the only thing that is not great about this phone is that the base and the headset each have their own memory and you will need to enter people twice-into both directories . oher than that , this is a great phone . i have owned panasonic and ge cordless phones in the past and had problems . i even bought and returned 2 phones before trying and keeping this phone .
amazon attempted to extort second payment for undeliverd items claiming they would refund late
this fm transmitter is the bomb diggiti ! ! pros : the clarity it great and the fact that it has a long neck makes it the best ! pros : if you own a chyrsler pt cruiser , you will love this device . the neck brings the ipod even with the top of the steering column . so it right into view on the right . you do n't have to look down or fumble for you i-pod in between the seats . pros : very stable once it is in the outlet . pros : great reception ! cons : would be nice if it had a on/off switch on the base for those outlets that stay on even when the car is off . the green light on the device my attract unwanted attention . cons : i have to take off my protector everytime i use the ipod in my car
on the plus side , it 's a great value for the games that do work on the t5 . simcity alone is probably worth the price . on the down side , although amazon claims it 's compatible with the " tungsten series " that was probably written before the t5 came out . four of the games appear to act as " trial " versions , although it 's impossible to enter the registration codes . see ( ... ) for an explanation . even with only 4 working games past the trial period , it 's a good buy . just know you 're not getting what 's advertised if you have a t5
hp premium plus photo paper is the only way to go if you desire tremendous photos from your home printer without any scratching , scuffing or blemishes . i have tried less expensive paper from hp as well as other manufacturers . the difference in quality is obvious . if you want friends and family to think you know what you are doing , share photo 's on hp premium plus glossy paper . jay shahee
excelent , hard drive , good price and good time for seller . thanks
i ordered one from an amazon partner for $ .01 plus shipping , then with my a9 discount the price was even lower . so i got one for less than the shipping cost . true , the seller made a little on the shipping - maybe $ 4.50 not counting time . think how much apple must be making ! the packaging did n't mention nano so with a bit of trepidation i plugged it into the wall and my ipod and my nano liked it ! charging happened - it must have been made before the nano came out . as other reviewers have said , buy this one and avoid a high price elsewhere
i purchased the pouch & the carring case shortly after . i own more than one car and have four family menbers that are always on the go.the case holds the gps , mount and all the different cables.the foam insert holds the gps while still in the pouch or without.the velcro staps hold the mount & the ac cord.this way when you are looking for it,everthing is in one place.the case is made well and very plain looking on the outside,so not to draw any attention
very easy to set up , great product . picture is great on my samsung 50 inch plasma
it is a pleasure to use this dvd player . the quality of the image is superb . it upgrades definition on dvds and the difference is very ( favorably ) noticed . as compared to that obtaibed from a less than a year old sony player ( with hdmi ) , the difference in image quality absolutely huge . yes , it is more expensive . but the extra quality is worth every penny ; and then more
i had a problem with my sunrocket voip and i read that someone had bought this modem and that it solved her problem . i gave it a shot and guess what no more dropped calls . thank you motorola ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
i ordered the 4 meter cable which was pictured with 24 pin connectors and received one with 18 pins . found out that the missing middle 6 pins are used to transmit audio which my monitor does n't support anyway . originally , the dvi-d specification allowed for both a video signal and an audio signal , but most manufacturer 's have only used the video portion . if you need a dvi-d cable , an 18 pin connector will most likely work since most devices wo n't process the audio signal anyway . there are a few ( very few ) devices that do use all 24 pins , but with the advent of hdmi , nobody really makes them anymore
product came in as describe . super clear picture quality as it 's supposed to be as monster cable brand
i am not really a big tech person so i do n't have the mega system hooked up to my computer and dvd/tv but i do know that since i got this i have been blasting my music like crazy . i do n't really mind too much that the power and volume is under the desk because i have enough space down there and all i have to is lean down.. . anyway i personally feel the only way it could be better was if there was a remote for it and it gets hella loud ( considering its computer speakers ) i do n't even have to turn them all the way up to hear them when i 'm in the shower so i am pretty much happy with them
these speakers are amazing , i am truly shocked to receive something so sweet at an unbelievable price , amazon thank you for the hook up , my speaker system rocks . my delivery experience with amazon was great . ca n't thank you enough , keep up the great service , truly
i needed new computer speakers after my cyber acoustics died after only 3 months . so i was n't going to buy the same brand since it died so fast . i use a mac i wanted some nice sounding speakers , but could n't decide to go with either the sound sticks , creatures , or these . well since i am saving up for a new laptop , i wanted to save as much money as possible . plus me and my dad had bought this brand over 7 years ago and they still work and sound great so i decided to give these a chance . well first thing i did when i got them was turn the volume up to max and sub base up to max . ( yes i underestimated these speakers ) when i turned a song in in itunes i nearley got blasted out of my chair ! i was supprised by the sound clarity was pretty good even at higher volume , and sub was powerful shaking my whole desk ! moral one : do not underestimate speakers my good brands even with low wattage . i highley suggest these speakers for people who do n't have much to spend or do n't want to spend alot of money . if you want better quality i would go with sound sticks or creatures . but these look like they will serve me well
the camera is perfect . if using the camera for keeping in touch with friends and family this is the camera for you . the picture is clear not to grainy . the only heads up is lighting . try to use the camera in a well light area . we are stationed in japan and use the camera almost daily to spend time with family back home . the camera has added great joy to the family especially when feeling homesick . the best part is the price wo n't break the bank
around here canon ink is difficult to locate and expensive when you actually find someone who carries it . it may take a week or two to arrive using amazon 's free shipping option , but i get fantatstic results from my canon pixma mp780 ( that i also bought from amazon ) . most of my printing is borderless 8 1/2x11 and the quality is always great . definitely worth it . if turnaround time is a problem , buy two so you always have a spare .
gave as a gift . excellent value . tune capacity more than sufficient , easy to use and sound quality is right up there . must get one for myself
outstanding product as you would expect from panasonic . incoming calls loud and clear . the scroll telephone directory is convenient and easy to use . i do not like the " beep " sound when the hand-set is placed back in the cradle ( it can not be turned off
i often have problems with memorex brand but have never had a problem with verbati
i do n't think i would have used my i5 without this . i just wish it came with the gps instead of having to buy it separately . great to easily move my gps from car to car . highly recommend
a great solution to theft prevention for this gps . the legs fold up to make a compact unit that easily fits into the glove box . as for the grip on the dash , it works very well . there is a little bit of creep on slick dash boards , but it sticks better than the garmin bean bag on my 2720 .
the reader is fast . example : i took 56-2mp images from my camera recently . i plugged this reader into my g4 , plugged in the card , the card mounted , i dragged the images to my pictures folder , and they copied immediately . no waiting . i was amazed , because with my [ mia ] usb reader , it could take a while to transfer that many images , over a minute . a copy dialog did n't even pop up , because it transferred so fast . it does n't hurt that it 's a cutie too . 5 stars
it 's a canon product made for another canon product -- how can you go wrong ?
good printer ink , always try to use factory ink and these are with a good price . i bought all the colors and paper at the same time all good price and free shipping . save gas driving to local stores
operation of the sony dvpnss550/b single disc dvd player has been straight forward . picture quality is very good , and the desired basic features have functioned without problems . in other words , in the 2 1/2 months since we have owned this player , quality and reliability have been high . price too was very reasonable . that means durability is the last quality to consider , which is why i have given the player a 4 rather than a 5 . there is no reason a machine like this should not be problem free for years . but we wo n't know that for years .
these mini cd-rs work great in our sony mavica cd cameras at a cost of only .42 cents apiece
this is a great multi-function printer/scanner/copier/fax machine for a small office or home business that has a light to moderately light document workload . print quality is excellent , scanning quality is excellent , copying quality is excellent , faxing is faxing . the control software is fine ; not great , but it does the job . the networking features , including built-in wireless , makes this printer a snap to integrate into your office / business using a wireless network . some concerns : after heavy usage the top document feeder , used for scanning , faxing , or photocopying a stack of loose documents , begins to jam . the rollers need to be cleaned to avoid this , and getting jammed paper out of the top document feeder is very difficult . however , the fact that this piece of equipment even has a document feeder for this sort of functionality is pretty good . the fax log keeps a record of outgoing faxes and you can re-send them easily enough , but you ca n't re-print faxes received ; the fax log merely logs their reception , but not the fax itself . overall it 's a good multi-function at a reasonable price with a lot of functionality built into it . would recommend to anyone who only has a light document load , with maybe the occasional large document scanning / copying requirement
as long as i own a pair of these headphones , i will never use bass boost or a graphic equalizer again . they sound perfect . i can not fathom a more balanced , natural sound . these babies put you in the recording studio , or in the concert hall ! bass is crisp , taut , and strong . you can feel it . yet it is not overbearing or boomy . midrange is balanced so well that you 'd swear you were standing next to the lead guitarist , and the treble is so crisp and clear that you will rediscover the percussion sections of your favorite tunes . the folding feature is handy . the only things to be aware of are the following : first , you have to break them in . they start sounding better after a few hours of use . second , they do n't have an inline volume control , which i will dearly miss from my koss ktxpro1s . finally , plenty of sound escapes . so do n't crank them too much in the library or at grandma edith 's funeral . other than that , you have no excuse . put your ipod 's lousy white earbuds in the garbage disposal where they belong , and order these ( or if you do n't want to fork out $ 40 , order the koss ktx pro titanium phones - which are almost as good as these , and definitely the best in the sub- $ 20 price range . )
good sound for the price , and very durable . discrete design . i prefer the " plug " design to other headphones . they do n't fall out , and i can listen to music at low volume at home or in a plane , it makes almost no difference . just be careful in the traffic ; - )  the sound is good , especially for music where the bass is most important , but the treble is also good for pop and rock . the middle range is a bit dry for e.g . classical music , but still good enough for an mp3-player . i have two pairs .
these earphones are excellent quality . noise that gets in from outside is so low that i can barely hear what someone next to me is telling me . in addition , the frequency response and quality of the sound is comparable to the much larger and bulkier insulated headphones . these earphones do in fact rest in your ear . it can be slightly uncomfortable to put them in the first time , but you quickly get used to it , especially when sound is playing . in addition , the package includes three sets of differently sized earpieces including the default mid-sized piece shown .
i just got my nano last week and the minute i turned it on ( before even transfering any music to it ) i could hear a faint noise/buzz from the nano . it comes on when the power is on and goes off as soon as i turn off the unit . has anyone experienced this with theirs ? my first generation nano does not experience this noise . i plan to take it to an apple store and try to get a replacement . just a bit frustrating when you plopped down the $ 250 and the new toy already appears to be defective . lesson learned for everyone else , if you do n't have to get a new toy right when it comes out...wait...let them get the bugs sorted out first on new adopters like myself
i have never been a fan of the ipod . i have been an iriver h120 , h320 , and h340 owner . i had a toshiba gigabeat and currently own an archos av500 . the reason for owning a nano is because of the size of the av500 . it is too big to pack around unless i am on the bike or have a backpack or coat on . the nano solves this problem and other than not having a remote , ( soon ) , i am very happy with it . it loads from itunes very easily and i have had no problems with it not playing certain files , ( and i would reencode them if there was a problem . ) apple , do n't let me down
the koss pro-4aa 's were not made for ipod/mp3 headphone users . to begin with , they reveal the low fidelity of mp3 files ( compared with lp 's or cd 's ) . also , they require a 1/4 " -to-3.5mm ( or other ) adapter in order to plug into most recent audio playback and computer equipment . these headphones have been around a long time . check out the old photos of the " watergate " hearings from 1973/1974 , and notice that the senators & attorneys were all listening through koss pro 4aa headphones . their longevity is mainly due to their extermely high fidelity audio reproduction . unfortunately , their age has made them somewhat inconvenient for most listeners , since they are very heavy and a bit cumbersome . negatives : 1 ) weight ( about 3 or 4 times as heavy as most contemporary studio-reference headphones ) 2 ) tight headband - as noted , the fit is fatiguing if your 'hat size ' is greater than 7 1/2 . 3 ) the coiled cord is extremely difficult to replace ( it 's actually less expensive to replace the entire set of headphones of you can get a good discount ) . positives : 1 ) audio fidelity . unless you want to spend at least $ 300 for a set of headphones , the sound quality and fidelity of the pro-4aa 's is almost impossible to beat . 2 ) value . as noted above , for the price you pay , these are vastly superior to any other headphones that are comparably priced . 3 ) durable . my first pair lasted 30 years . they were dropped and knocked around , and finally gave out when ( it think ) a voltage spike surged in the left earphone , fusing a coil . 4 ) isolation . the paddded earphones block out external sound very well . the sound fidelity is preserved over a wide volume range . these sound great at low and high volumes . the biggest positive ( and the reason why i prefer to use pro-4aa 's for audio mixing , other studio applications , and serious listeining ) is that they are extremely unlikely to be stolen . size matters : they are heavy , and bulky so they 're not easily concealed ; and since ipod or mp3 players use the mini plugs , these require additional hardware . if you just want 'jogging/exercise music ' , then these will not work well . if you want hi-fidelity at a bargain price , the pro-4aa 's are still the best choice around .
bought this mouse over 3 months ago , and its still going strong . the batteries last forever ( i 've never replaced them yet ) . my only problem is that at times , i will turn off the mouse by attaching the receiver to the bottom , but it wo n't seem to turn off ! i reset the mouse and then attach the receiver again , and this always does the trick . other than that , very ergonomic , extremely smooth and precise . i like the solid feel of a slightly weighty mouse , and with the batteries , this mouse feels just right . if only it were n't for the mouse not turning off sometimes , i 'd give it a 5
this is a great little product to take the place of the builtin finger pad on a laptop.....the usb just plugs in and the mouse is the perfect size for comfortable us
i previously had purchased a different brand of wireless mouse , i ca n't recall the brand , but it was awful ( battery contacts would n't stay in contact and it was hard to use ) . i was using my laptop at my brother 's house and he lent me his logitech v200 . it was awesome ! just plug in and use ! i went home that nite and looked it up here and saw that others had had similar experiences , so i bought one . i 've had it for about a month now and love it . the scroll wheel being able to lean left & right for sideways scrolling is a nifty feature . i recommend this product highly
i have not used this device all that much but it seems to work well . it lives up to its claims . the " face tracking " feature is not always fast and accurate , but generaly works ( in good light ) . this camera does require a significant amount of light to give good results , but then again what camera does n't . image quality is about as good as you will get from this type of device
my first purchase of the q9b resulted in a return as the display was n't mounted properly within the plastic housing . this resulted in the screen being tilted downwards about 1/4 " and made the viewing unpleasant . the screen also was n't very bright even with the brightness controlled up at 100 % . having to disassemble the unit to place it back in the box required the base stand to be taken apart but that was next to impossible without breaking it . suffice to say , quality control missed this one . after getting a new q9b replacement , i unfortunately had a bad pixel . after using the q9b for a week now , i noticed some red aliasing between characters . the crispness of the display is fine but i changed display fonts to 120dpi to make it look better . the control buttons on the monitor are too small . the built-in speakers leave less than desired and useless . the q9b does not have dvi ports . at 1280x1024 mode its fine for doing basic computing like web surfing and office applications . viewing dvd movies at full 1280x1024 mode was difficult to watch . at smaller sizes ( 400x300 ) was fine . all in all , the q9b is not a bad monitor for the price for general computing work
you idiot , its not only for psps - the card can go in anything that has a memory stick duo slot [ phones + cameras + psp + tvs + computers
after ordering non-oem inks from several different places on the web ( and having some problems with them ) , i discovered that amazon sold oem at great prices . i went to my local office supply store and purchased a complete set of 5 inks for my canon pixma ip4000 at a cost of $ 75 . later that day i found them on amazon at almost 1/2 the price ! also , when it comes to oem inks , i discovered that they seem to last almost 3 times as long as the generic and refilled versions .
hp did n't make 13x19 paper when i bought my 13x19 hp printer . way to go , hp . they may make it now , but i never check , b/c i 'm totally satisifed w.this paper . runs smooth and looks great
product was as described...reception was strong and weak depending on your location...was able to receive all frequencies..rated this a 4 instead of a 5 only because when the wind blew the reception would get fuzzy...could get annoying on a very windy day..radio is bulky and heavy. .
i have used gps units from cobra , garmin , and lowrance . i consider this cobra unit to be one of the best . i started with the cobra but it was stolen after a month . then i bought the lowrance but it was too heavy and the mount was a sgood as the cobra . i returned the lowrance and bought the garmin 340 . advantages of the cobra is that it has a large screen and a solid mount ( despite its size ) . the interface is n't quite as intuitive as garmin but once you learn it it is actually better . the traffic service is also nice ( costs more with the garmin ) . the cobra is the most capable of the gps units i mentioned but overall i am happier with the garmin because of it 's smaller size and lower price
the unit operates as good as any other gps system available , plus it has a great big screen of 5 inches . i am very impressed with the gps , but the mount used to attach the unit to the window or dash is very poorly designed . the unit falls off the window and from the dash , plus the power cord comes out too easily . the unit deserves a five star rating , but because of the mounting system and power cord coming out too easily a four star rating was provided .
i would highly recommend reading the businessweek review on this product that came out on september 12 , 2005 . businessweek as reviewed all the major gps navigation options on the market and ranks the cobra nav one 4500 as number one . here is an excerpt from the businessweek article :  " cobra 's nav one 4500 and garmin 's streetpilot 2720 , which each sell for $ 800 to $ 1,000 , use a more straightforward approach . the traffic info travels along with fm radio broadcasts from clear channel stations in 48 of the top 50 markets . an fm antenna and receiver pick it off the air and feed it to the navigation system . "  " i preferred the cobra , mostly for its big , bright 5-inch screen and its built-in radio receiver . ( the garmin receiver is $ 200 extra and needs to be installed between your car antenna and radio . ) when you encounter traffic , a pop-up on the screen and a voice give you three options : keep driving , reroute me , or give me a couple of new routes and let me pick one .
if money was no object , i would prefer the totally wireless headset phone , however , this has been a great alternative . i have tmj , and activities like talking with the phone crooked in my neck , while holding my toddler , while preparing dinner , compound my pain...go figure ! i find that having the phone clipped on my hip with the cord hanging is kind of a pain , but , the product works great . i have had no problems hearing anyone , nor has anyone had difficulty hearing me . the earpiece is comfortable and easy to get on and off , even for someone with elfishly small ears like me !
i 've owned this headphone for about a year now , and i 've got to say , after going through multiple headphones , this beats all others i 've tried . if this one ever broke ( i doubt that 'll happen anytime soon ) , i 'll surely buy another one again ! pros :  - comfortable to wear . the ear cushions are indeed comfortable to wear for extended periods of time . even if you wear glasses , you wo n't feel uncomfortable . - clear treble , middle , and bass . you can hear all the subtle sounds in your song clearly . even with completely flat eq setting , the headset does very good job with sound ( provided you increase the volume up a bit more ) . as with any headphones , take time to 'break it in ' to have it function the best it can ( it means , to leave music playing on the headphone for very extended period of time non-stop , about 24 or 32 hours ) . - sturdy wires . this headphone seems to have been designed based on recording studio-level headphones in this regard . the wire is very thick and long . also , it 's single wire format . cons :  - ear padding is perhaps , too soft . this means it wo n't fully cover your ear area , and some of sound may leak out . so note that when you listen to your music loud in public places . although , at first few weeks , the ear padding is relatively hard . if you are looking for a headphone that will ensure your music will never leak out , look into getting in-ear canal type headphones instead . - as some others have pointed out , tilting your head too forward or backward will make your headphone just drop from where it is at . so be cautious of your movements . - you might not want to wear this kind of headphone during summer due to poor ventilation . but this affects all closed headphones , so it 's not a huge negative point . - the headphone is quite big and on a small head , you may have a difficult time keeping it up on your head . the size of the headphone is designed for a fully grown average adult head . that 's all i 've got to say , and overall , this headset is definitely worth your money
i think everyone knows that these drives have become invaluable . mine has become a necessitiy between my computers at work and at home and any where i can get an open computer . i have w2k at home with usb 1 and xp pro at work with usb 2 . never had any type of compatibility issue . this 128 mb size is the minimum most can get by with in my opinion . i plan on upgrading to at least the 256 soon . the amazing this is that i have just removed my usb drive from a clean pair of pants that went through the wash and dry cycle . and this was the second time . i ca n't believe it still works . maybe i 'll have to start using that ridiculus cord and wear it around my neck . through away your zip and floppy disks and get one of these things . just make sure you back it up often
i am very pleased with the quality of the product . i have burned about a dozen discs and have had zero coasters . after the rebate , the price was very competitive
hey , do n't listen to those other schmucks . so maybe there are a few of these that are exceptable , but the rest just complain too much . i love this thing ! i got it for christmas , and now for $ 20 , you ca n't beat that . i use a standard charger for it in my car , so i never have to worry about batteries . it seems that the best way to get it to sound the best , is work with your mp3 player or whatever your using ( equalizer ) . i have also used it on my portable dvd player in the car and it sounds awesome ! for the price , i highly recommend this product
i 've used the keyboard/mouse for a little over a month now and have generally found it to do all i would wish . of course , any wireless keyboard will at times not be as responsive as a wired keyboard/mouse setup , but this is more than offset by the lack of wires and the ability to pull the keyboard to wherever i wish . the only drawback , and it is minor , is getting used to the fact that there are no lights on the keyboard to indicate when caps lock or num lock is on . i have to look over at the wireless receiver for this . additionally , it would be nice if there was an option for the keyboard to be backlit . yes , it would draw down batteries more quickly , but as an option it would be user selected . all in all , a good wireless keyboard/mouse combination , and one i am quite glad i purchased . life is not a journey to the grave with the intention of arriving safely in a pretty and well-preserved body . but rather to skid in broadside , thoroughly used up , totally worn out , and loudly proclaiming ,  " wow , lord ! what a ride ! "
i read about these headphones in a magazine and i was intrigued by the reviews . having a headphone fetish ( odd , i know ) , i decided to order them seeing that they were relatively inexpensive.. this is a decision i am thoroughly glad i made . these little headphones are absolutely incredible and they even outmatch , in quality , my larger studio-size headphones i have at home . the bass is the best i 've ever heard in a headphone , rich and deep and true . the mids and heights are also brilliantly emulated . the mere fact that it is portable with its own compact and innovative carrying case , means that you can take the excellent sound with you wherever you go . i definitely recommend these pones to anyone who values outstanding quality in their music and games.....5 stars
after buying my ipod , i felt my stereo system wasnt geting anyuse . so i felt that instead of buying the bose soundock , which is about $ 300 , your better off only spending about $ 25 and getting just as good quality
i was unsure at first if this product would work with my ipod nano , but after checking out griffin 's website , i decided to go ahead and order it . it works great ! i like to play solitaire and read text files on my nano , so the battery charge runs down much faster than it would if i did n't use the screen so much . tunejuice means i do n't ever have to worry about that again . i just keep a couple of 9v batteries with me , and i can keep listening , playing , reading or whatever on my nano as long as i want . love it . ------- i posted the above review on may 22 , 2006 after having had the tunejuice for almost 3 weeks . two of those weeks were spent on vacation and this little gadget got a * lot * of use . now , about 5 months after first receiving the tunejuice , i 'm about to order my second one - to replace the first one . i still love it , and did get a * lot * of use out of it , but snapping 9v batteries on and off so many times caused the wires leading from inside the battery compartment to the 'snaps ' that connect to the battery itself to break off . despite that , i feel like i got my money 's worth and i 'm buying another one
i have been using my sandisk player with no problems downloading songs or pictures . i have also made some observations that makes this player function more efficently . -use mtp music files because they use less file space . -adjust the file size on pictures to use less memory . -use the speck toughskin case to protect display window ( extra ) . -use the ac sandisk usb charger instead of the computer usb port ( extra ) . i do not use the raio or the video settings because of no interest , and the large amount of memory the video consummes . this player does fine using the earphones or hooked up to a audio center . i think that the 2mg card will be on my list of upgrades . the only upgrade i am made was to buy a better set of earphones . i did not like the pair supplied with the unit . my earphones have a volume control on the output cord which makes it much easier to control . i am not sorry about buying this item from amazon .
pros : easy to use , last for days without charging ( depending on the use , of course... but i was traveling for 5 days and used it a lot without charging , and it lasted the trip ) , enough memory space , has radio , works as a recorder , small cons : stopped working , froze twice since i bought it 3 month ago . when it 's on , tunes that i had deleted will still appear on my play list . if i hit play on such song , the player just skips and plays the next song on the list . but overall i 'm happy with my mp3 . i 'd recommend it
i did n't want to spend the money on this either , but it is better . i really do n't know why , but it is . no question about it . perfect picture and sound ! i have a yamaha rx-v2700 receiver which has hdmi hookups . i tried a hdmi cable that came with my directv box ( from my toshiba hd dvd player ) and it was seriously lacking . this hookup is much better ! i have a monster cable hdmi hooked up to the new receiver that runs to my sony 46 " flat panel as well ( more $ but.... ) . i 'm finally satisfied . i 'm watching ( and listening to ) " batman begins " ( in true hd sound ) on hd dvd and it is superb ! ! ! ! this is just awesome ! the stuff of fantasy . you only have to buy this/these cables once , so why not buy the best ? ! i highly recommend this move .
this remote will do everything you need or want . simple to use and great customer service . i had a couple of " glitches " ( buttons that did n't work quite right ) when i first programmed the device , but the harmony support team helped me through those areas . the changes needed are now permanently in my data area on the harmony web site so if i ever need to , all i have to do is reload the info . like another reviewer , i also have a tivo ( 2 actually ) and the only button that would n't work on my harmony 680 was the " clear " button . customer service fixed that in a jiffy , too . i have owned several multiple device remotes over the years and never had one so good that i could really put away all my other remotes . i now only use one - the harmony 680 . fantastic device ! i 'd give it 6 stars if i could
i paid about a dollar for this holder . holds and protects the ipaq nicely . can hold some credit cards as well as id . overall a decent product for a low price
this is perfect for anyone who travels with a laptop . it 's small and fits nicely next to the ac adapter in my laptop case . it protects my laptop from surges through the ac outlet and phone jacks . i have been pleased with apc products for about six years . they provide excellent customer support . i highly recommend their products
it also seems like the product goes a long way and will last a long time . i 've used it four times already on two different laptop screens and the first opened bottle ( out of two that come with it ) still looks almost full . if the price was a little more consumer friendly i 'd give it five stars . i mean come on . when you can currently buy other computer accessories like a brand name 50-pack of cd-r 's for less than $ 14 , the profit margin on something like this is probably 200 % or more
i found this keyboard to be very helpful . i am a graduate student and spend a lot of my time typing papers . while my laptop can be used to type , when you type for hours at a time it gets very uncomfortable . this keyboard is a great size and has a nice feel for long days spent typing . the bluetooth is also reliable and allows me to get some distance from the computer if i would like without stopping the connection . i would suggest getting a mouse to accompany it . overall , a very useful and reliable product that makes my life much easier
i had it now for 12 months and no problems with it . its tiny lightweight and great speed . my old computer has to work quite hard to recognize it , but my laptop has no problems . one minor detail.. you can not hook too many other stuff on the usb at the same time . i just ordered another one
have been using them for a week now . incredible sound for the size . bass is incredible.... mids are accurate , highs are accurate . these are the way to go if you 're using an mp3 player . i use them with the creative zen vision m 30 ( " the ipod killer " )  while walking , riding a bus or train in in n.y.c . seals out external noise amazingly very well ! ! ! pros : awesome accurate sound / incredibly light / do n't protrude out of your ears / comes with " 2 sets " of three different sizes of silicone plugs / plugs are ultra soft , comfortable and fit perfectly / secure well built storage case / cleaning tool / barely uses battery power ! / not the yup-tard white color.... much cooler black ! cons : none so far . i bought them directly from amazon for $ 75.99 with " free " 4 day ultra fast shipping
excellent sound , much much much........ better that the one that comes with any players , zens or ipod . for those that have ever used safety earplugs in the industry , they feel like them and really isolate the noises . after that the sound is excellent compare to many others and amazon offers a very good price here . also good to have 3 sizes . 2 pairs of each + airplane adapter , case , cleaner , very good product .
i just recently move from dial-up to dsl . going dsl was not enough ; i did not want to have cables running though the house so i started looking into going wireless . to make a long story short , after a little investigation i decided to make the leap into wireless technology . i purchased the wap55ag router and the adapter cards , wmp55ag and wpc55ag . once the wap55ag router was installed and set up , the installation of the wmp55ag pci adapter on each of the desktops were simple . i had no difficulty setting up the hardware and software and with a few hours , i was on the net through the router . one desktop is running xp professional and the other desktops are running xp home edition . the linksys web site has all the documentation you need for installation and setup . there is a " knowledge base " page that covers a lot of the products and answers to a lot of questions about various products and configurations ; i found it to be very helpful . pulled from linksys web site : ---------------------------------------- the linksys dual-band wireless a + g pci adapter installs in most desktops and lets you put your computer almost anywhere in the building , without the cost and hassle of running network cables . now you do n't have to drill holes in your walls and climb through the attic or cellar to get connected to the network . once you 're connected , you can keep in touch with your e-mail ; access the internet , use instant messaging to chat with friends , and share files and other resources such as printers and network storage with other computers on the network . the dual-band wireless a + g pci adapter connects you with wireless-a ( 802.11a ) and wireless-g ( draft 802.11g ) networks at an incredible 54mbps ! and for added versatility , it can also interoperate with all the 11mbps wireless-b ( 802.11b ) products found in homes , businesses , and public wireless hotspots around the country . and whichever mode you choose , your wireless communications are protected by up to 152-bit encryption , so your data stays secure . features of the product : -------------------------------- one adapter connects to either 2.4 ghz ( 802.11b or draft 802.11g ) or 5 ghz ( 802.11a ) networks advanced security features with up to 152-bit wep encryption detailed monitoring and performance utility ieee 802.11a , 802.11b and draft 802.11g compliant  system requirements ( minimum ) : --------------------------------------------- 200mhz of faster processor 64mb ram available pci slot cd-rom drive windows 98se , me , 2000 or x
i am very happy with this mouse and would recommend it to everyone . it looks good , but more importantly , it feels good . button placement , weight , smoothness , everything was done well . coming from wired mice , the lack of a wire is very freeing . i am also especially happy with how small the usb radio receiver is . i am using this mouse on a laptop and love how inobtrusive it is . what 's strange is i bought the s 530 desktop set for mac at the same time . the mouse in that set looks nearly identical ( except for color ) . however , it has a different weight and simply does n't feel quite as comfortable to use . it only fits the hand the same but once you move it , it lacks the same comfort and ease of use as this mouse
received this speaker as a replacement for the advent aw-810 which did not work at all . this one was much easier to install and calibrate ! very happy with range and sound quality . highly recommended
these are very comfortable to wear , and the sound is great . i use them out jogging , and they stay put , without any pressure on the ear . the tight fit blocks out any outside noise , so be careful around traffic , as you can not hear cars . i would highly recommend these to anyone
i bought these ear headphones primarily to use when running and biking at the club . the sound quality is acceptable , not exceptional . the construction is a little flimsy and the big issue is that the cord is shorter for the left ear than the right . that places all the force on the left side and that one tends to pull out . i have no idea why sony thought that this was a good design . for the money they could also have included a case rather than a clip for the cord . i would give these a b- good/not great
the logitech cordless trackman wheel was purchased in sept. 2006 . i have had this for two months at the time this review is being written . i bought this to replace the corded version of the same item . the cordless works as well as the corded one . the trackball does n't has quite as smooth a roll to it as the corded one did , but the difference is minimal . i wonder if this may be because it is new and the other one had had years of use . i find the shape of the logitech trackman to fit the hand very naturally . it is also much less strenuous on the wrist than a normal mouse , which is why i use it . i replaced the corded one so that we could easily move the mouse to different locations for use . this is for home use with multiple users , with different mouse location preferences . i took the corded one to use at work , where it still performs flawlessly 8 + hours a day . i also have a logitech cordless keyboard . there are two places where both these items could be improved : - each one of these items needs it own receiver . it would save some of my limited home desk space if these could be combined into one unit . - i initially had the receivers out of sight behing an lcd monitor . i found that it was necessary to move them away from the monitor to get them to work reliably . this is a documented requirement in the owners manual , but that necessity takes away from the convenience of the wireless . the receivers , as stated earlier , take up space i would rather not spare
we have a trackman corded model and loved it so i got this one for my work computer . it works just as well as the corded one when i 'm in my office . for travel , the part you plug in is a little bulky so i usually leave it at home when i travel . it 's not a small , usb stick that goes in the back . it 's a long , corded , mouse looking device that sends/recieves the signal to the trackman . i do n't think they market it as a portable device so it works just as advertised but it would be nice if it just had a usb stick instead of the other for travel . all that said , i love the trackball over a mouse so this is just perfect for me
my canon 510 got glowing reviews just about across the board , but not this printer . i have very little space , and needed something small just for photos . so , even though there were many negative reviews i went ahead and bought it . could n't be happier ! colour fabulous ! and when you print on stock paper you can use photo to do some extra artwork on . i love it
product nicely made , looks like quality product and performs fine
my wife and i used the fr300 during the week-long queens blackout this past summer and this little radio delivered . one 2 minute winding lasted for an hour on medium volume . the cell phone charger is cool , but it takes a lot of winding . the light is good in a pinch , but not particularly useful
this map set met all my expectations , and was far more current than i had expected . software for turn by turn directions on roadways while driving works great with the garmin ctrex gps . recommended . to load many states you will need large memory card , 1 gb .
if you buy this service plan , print out the contract and keep your receipt . i did not purchase the plan , but looked over the contract intensely since i nearly got it . some notes on the contract : 1 . it is only good in the united states ( including washington , dc , but minus maine ) , but it does not include guam , virgin islands , etc . so if you are in another country or outside the 50 states + d.c. , this contract will be nothing but a waste of money . 2 . this contract is transferable and the directions to do so are simple . 3 . they will only fix/replace/etc if the manufacturing warranty no longer covers the item . that is , if the manu . warranty is still good , you have to use it . 4 . if the item needs to be shipped , shipping/handling will only be covered if the manufacturer would cover those costs in their warranty period . if the item is being replaced , " you will be responsible for the delivery or cost of delivery of the covered product to our authorized service center . reimbursement will be issued in the form of a check payable to you . " i 'm uncertain if that means you cover those costs or they reimburse you . 5 . no lemon policy of 3 service repairs for the same defect , and a upon the time of a 4th repair , as determined by them , they will " replace it with a product of comparable performance . repairs performed while the product is under manufacturer 's warranty do not apply . " ( does n't sound like a great no lemon policy... your product would have to breakdown in the same way 4 times in the number of years they cover you -- many electronics are typically already covered by the manufacturer for 1 year . ) 6 . there are numerous conditions that they will not repair for , but they all sound typical of such plans ( such as , they do n't cover accidents and they do n't cover " the elements or acts of god " ... sorry , i had to note that second one since it stuck out to me from the other things ) . but , in all seriousness , read the list before you purchase . so , now that i have summarized much of the contract , if you want to get the service warranty , please read the contract since i did n't cover everything ! ! ! ( do n't hold me liable since i do n't have much money anyways . ) also , i think this is typical in warranty contracts , but you will occassionally see the phrase " at our discretion " in the contract . assuming they are n't jerks with their discretion and are n't too tough to deal with , i would give the warranty 4 stars ( minus 1 star for the crappy lemon policy ) . i did n't get the coverage because the product i was going to get it for had just made into the next price category ( so it was pricy for my product , being at the lower price end of the scale )
easy enough to pop off the normal ant ( roadmate 700 ) and pop on this magmount version... and what a difference it made ! signals really are remarkedly improved . * * highly * * suggested for folks in hilly areas to nearly guarentee you 'll get the birds
a lot cheaper than model-specific docking stations , and 'does what it says on the tin' . quite stylish too , as docking stations go
we used the gtx600vp4 to stay in contact with two vehicles while traveling . the 5-watt power gave us ample range . does it reach 18 or 20 miles , do n't know . but 5 to 8 miles between cars was not a problem . range was somewhat reduced over hilly terrain and varied from poor to good in the rocky mountains . it 's a great way to stay in touch when traveling . the batteries are rechargeable , both a/c & d/c . the ear pieces were very good for privacy . very easy to use and well worth the price . a good investment .
i was hesitant to get this , since other reviewers gave it poor ratings on reception . now that i bought it , i 'm very glad i have it . it does all the things you might want in a disaster , inluding a flashlight , red flashing light ( especially if your car breaks down at night ) , a siren ( if you 're trapped in a building ) , ac , battery , and crank power , and multiple radio bands . while some reviewers complained of not getting a lot of stations , in a disaster , you only need a few stations , as everyone will be broadcasting disaster news . between the am , fm , tv , and noaa bands , my radio will received a huge number of stations--many more than would ever be needed in a disaster . ( i did n't try the cellphone charging function . ) it comes in a carrying case . only minor criticisms : the case seems like an afterthought : it does n't hold the ac adapter ; the knobs tend to turn the radio on when putting it in the case , and the knobs could get broken off if the case is hit ( not that protective ) . however , it comes in a strong box which is perhaps better storage for everything . overall , this is all you should need for light , siren , and broadcast information from multiple power sources in a disaster
i just recieved my hdmi cable and am very impressed . the price is just what it should be about $ 5 and makes me wonder how somebody would spend over $ 100 for this cable at a store . the service was excellent and the cable arrived in 4 days ! i highly recommend this cable . i just plugged it into my cable box and the other end into the tv and wow what a great picture all around . the color is just so much more vivid using hdmi compared to component 3 wire connectors . get this cable for your system and stay away from those high priced others
this is the perfect keyboard ( i know cuz i am typing on it right now ) i recommend if you like media boards
sandisk has done it again . they never seem to let me down with their products . i was in the market for another memory chip since i kept filling up my smaller 128 mb chip . the price was the deciding factor for me , as being a college student the financial situation was tight . but this product was perfect , right price , excellecnt storage space , good name . get this product if you need more space for your digital camera
fast shipping , very happy with the garmin . their tech support is good..they answer all questions....will buy from amazon again... will buy a garmin agai
this is great ! my only problem is the knob for adjusting . it 's to loose
i bought this mouse originally as a replacement for a $ 9.99 mouse , and i 'll never turn back . this mouse is outstanding for gaming . it 's pretty damned accurate , and it easily fits in my hand . good price , too
i you own a smartphone , you 'll need one of these . also happy this came with an adapter card , to plug in the microsd into it to move data from my mac to the phone .
the sandisk 1gb micro sd card arrived quickly with intact sturdy packaging . i installed it in my motorala razr v3m as expanded memory for my music library . be sure to remove the razr battery to clear the access slot for the micro sd . the v3m recognized the expanded memory without any problems . i used motorola phone tools to transfer my entire music library . the program converts the mp3 file formats before transfer . the entire music library...a full 1gb...transferred reasonably quickly . the v3m is slow to access " my music " using menu function # 3 under " get tunes & tones " . function # 6 " manage music " accesses the library reasonably quickly and works well . the new corded motorola syn1301b stereo earbuds work well in this configuration . sound quality is surprisingly good , but the large diameter earbuds are flat...not tapered... and do not seat very well in the ear canal . the sandisk 1gb microsd card provides great value at a very reasonable price for full optimization of the v3m as cell phone with " mp3 " player
i upgraded from some speakers i purchased when i built my system . the sound difference was wonderful . it is a clean crisp fresh sound . worth every penny
pros : great battery life compact , but not too small no extra dongle  cons : included software is worthless , but you do n't really need to use it $ 40 is a bit much considering that you can get cordless keyboard/mouse sets for around $ 30 nowaday
okay so it was about 8 : 45 at night . i was coming on to a 1/2 mile long bridge that goes over a lake where i live . i was doing 60mph , the speed limit is 40 . as i start to approach the bridge i start getting a small k-band warning . i instantly slow down to the speed limit . as i start crossing the bridge the warning keeps increasing so i slow down even more to 35 mph . then it gets to full k-band . i look to my left where there is a service parking area , and in the pitch dark i see the reflectors of the one and only crown vic police car . as i pass the police car , i start flashing all the oncoming cars to tell them that there is a cop ahead . if i did n't have this detector he would have gotten me doing 20 over the limit . thank you escort !
this is my second escort passport 8500 x50 . the first one is in another car . it saved me many times for getting caught though i 'm not maniac driver . the detection range is very good , it gives you plenty time to adjust your speed before you see the police car . i love the blue color and it only costs $ 30 more than red . the only problem that i have experienced on my first one is sometimes i got laser false warning signals , especially on raining day with defog is on . i heard someone mentioned that turbo charged car can causes x50 pop and laser false warning signals , and my first x50 is in my turbo charged car . i 'm not sure if pop alerts were false but since it wo n't help much , i have it turned off . overall , it 's very good detector , you will get payback if you own one .
the best headphones i ever had , good fit excellent sound on my soundblaster x-fi ! !
i got mine to work in about 30 min following s huffs directions below ( followed exactly ) . there was only one thing not mentioned that i had to do to get it to work . once you get into the settings on the range extender to enable wep and put in the key and passphrase , i had to turn wep back on on my router before saving the settings on the range extender . basically just put step 6 before you save settings in step 5 , this is what worked for me at any rate . i 've had it for about 4 months now and it has worked as advertised . i gave it 4 stars because set up was still kind of a pain . from s huff : the tips that anthony taylor left helped me get it working... but i still had some issues . i 've added onto his tips from his review below  1-disable wep on your router or ap 2-hold the auto-configuration button for 30 seconds ( if everything goes well both lights on the expander will turn blue ) and unplug while still holding button . plug back in after 10-15 secs . 3-open your internet explorer browser and type 192.168.1.240 ( default ip of expander ) , a window will pop up . leave the user name blank and put admin as a password ( this is default password ) . 4-make sure that the default gateway and subnet mask settings are identical with your router or ap,change password on the expander if desired & save settings . ( all settings should be correct due to auto configuration ) 5-enable wep on the expander , once again remember use same settings that you will be putting in your router or ap in step 6 -- aka same passphrase ) , save settings again . 5.5 - as soon as you enable wep on your expander - you will loose your connection to it as it 's now setup for wep and your router is n't - keep this in mind - drove me nuts . 6-go to your router or ap settings and enable wep . 7 - unplug your expander for 10 to 15 seconds and plug it back in -- bang you 're done . enjoy
works with ipod skin,no need to take off cover.looks good.has connections for audio,tv . cables and remote are additional . included are 5 adapters for all ipods that have doc connector . paid 29.95 from amazon including shipping.it is what it is.it 's a dock
this is a great storage device . i use it to store documents to take with me when i travel and i keep it in my purse . i love the lanyard , that helps me to keep track of the drive . worth every $ $ $ i paid for it !
this is a very nice set of paper and envelopes . the price is really great . the paper is a little lighter than the ones that cost almost double . the colors come out very bright and the folding is easy . overall it is a good deal
i have always had uniden cordless telephone and have always liked them . i had purchased this one to replace my 2.4ghz uniden cordless telephone which would interfere with my wireless modem on my computer . this one does n't . i also like the feature of the intercom feature . my daughter has one of the handsets downstairs in her room and if she is n't on the phone , i can contact her to talk to her . my daughter also likes the mute feature where she can put somebody on hold if she is on the phone to ask me a question so that person on the other end does n't hear her . the phone has many other features but those are 2 usefule ones i like along with the caller id
i am extremely pleased with the purchase . i am using it in my office . simple plug and play ( no brainer ) ! ! if i get the mir the cost comes to $ 5 . none can better that . transaction with amazon was flawless as usual
like most other reviews , i will agree and say it make take a try or two to get the right feel and the right fittings . what helped me is when i looped the wire around my ear and put the earphone in . now it is crystal clear sound and a perfect fit . movies are amazing ! my music collection never sounded so good . if you want to get away from it all for awhile , slip these babies in your ears and chill
i bought usb rudder pedals and yoke for use with x-plane on a mac dual g5 . plug and play ( no drivers needed ) , easily configured in x-plane , works beautifully . great price ! thanks amazon ! shipping was 2 days early ! kudos to fedex ! i am a private pilot , and recommend this product
i needed a simple solution for my office . i wanted to be able to use the phone , but not get tied down by the handset , or the headset . here was my solution , since the ts105b has the 2.5mm port for a headset , i purchased a jabra a210 bluetooth adapter along with this phone and used one of my spare bluetooth headset to stay on conference calls and yet be able to move around my office . so far.. . wow ! ! ! its worked out great . the phone is also good by itself , plus it was inexpensive through amazon . for anyone interested in going the route i took... you will not be disappointed . oh yes... you are limited to about 25 ft , or in my case as i work in a hospital where there are alot of other signals and lead lined walls... 15ft with max length at about 20 before you begin to hear static . the phone was a great buy , as was the jabra a210 adapter .
i have had this tv since mid-march 2006 . i absolutley love it ! ! i did extensive research before i bought a large screen tv and found that this samsung seemed to give you the most bang for your buck . i read some reviews saying that dlp technology was plagued with problems from the rainbow effect , especially in movies with lots of dark scenes and lots of moving action . one reviewer specifically said to try playing " bourne supremecy " to see an example of the rainbow effect . this was the first dvd i played on this tv and i did not once have a problem with rainbow effect . overall i have no complaints with this tv . samsung has produced an excellent product . i recommend either satellite or hd programming for the best picture . regular cable comes in sort of grainy . as far as where to buy it , i recommend best buy . i originally was going to buy from amazon because when i first looked they were offering free shipping . when i decided to buy their was no longer free shipping , so off to best buy i went where they price matched me with amazon 's price no questions asked . best buy offers an extended warranty for around $ 400 that covers bulb replacement or any other problems . it will also cover the rainbow effect on the slight chance that you have any problem with it . overall a wonderful product
there is a little story before this :  i bought a pair of sony mdr-xd100 's ( they are full cup headphones ) because i lost the earbuds which came with my mp3 player ( sony hd5 ) . i took them out of the package and found that , even at full volume on the player , it can not drive the headphones sufficently . i went to a few electronics stores then found the koss eq50 . on with the review :  yes , there is a slight hiss , but i find it alright . the biggest gripe i have is that whenever someone within about 2-3 ft ( ie , on a bus or subway ) uses a cellphone , this devices picks it up . you can get the same effect by using a cellphone next to an unshielded pair or speakers . i do most of my listening at home so this wo n't bo too much of an issue . it also does a great job of amplifying the signal , it works very well , i can now listen to my xd100 's properly ( and they are very good ! ) . i have n't used the eq much but what i can say is that it is very , very sensitive . raising the bass slider a third above normal makes a massive difference . at a half , my headphones start to distort . if your looking for a nice little eq and/or preamp this is the product for you . it has its drawbacks though , mainly the problem with cellphone interference and of course , the hiss but it is n't too loud & i can live with it . i reccomend this product if your looking for a budget portable equalizer or headphone amplifer
this does what it 's advertized too . i like not having wires . the ipod in my bag , and just the headset . it would be a bit better if you could control the power on the ipod from the headset , ie turn off the headset , receiver and ipod all from the headset . instead , i have to get the ipod back out , turn it off , turn the receiver off , then turn the headset off . otherwise , the sound is good and the headset has n't broken for me yet
i picked up 4 pairs of these on amazon , and have applied the ca and nylon tape fix to the first pair ( took about 10 minutes to do , let it cure overnight ) . headphones look ok , with just the right amount of geekhood proudly announced afterwards ( reminiscent of the last generation of geeks with the tape on the glasses ) . sound is very good ( better than most earbuds ) , they establish link quite quickly with the dedicated logitech transiever , and range is outstanding . my only beef is how long i have to hold down the power switch to turn them on , and so far i have not successfully established a connections with my treo 650 . 1 star held back because of need of customer applied eco , and they are only partially functional with the nano ( ca n't use the advance track feature of the headphones )
i am ordering my third of this capacity and have one in the 200 capacity range from case logic . this is a great product and is manufactured well . holds the discs well and is easy to take them in and out . i do n't transport them so i ca n't comment on that . like others have said it is not easy if you want to move pages around but you can do it and it does make it nice for organizing as you fill it up . get this if you need a lot of storage
this headphone extension is perfect ! it is not as long as described ( about 15 feet ) but that 's o.k . with me . the connections are tight ( the plugs do n't pull apart ) . it maintains sonic quality . it also retains it 's elasticity . using this extension cord my grado sr-60 's sound better than any wireless phones . you wo n't be dissapointed !
this is a pretty decent cheapo case . if you want something that you 'll use every day in the car or at your dj gigs , then you may want to get something a little sturdier . for my [ archival ] purposes , however , it works just fine
purchase/service :  for $ 2,200 at amazon , this was a great purchase since it would have cost over $ 2,700 at a retail store ( including tax and shipping ) . eagle arrived 10 days earlier than the amazon estimate , unloaded the tv right to the tv stand , and after hooking it up and making sure the controls worked and the picture / sound worked , i signed for it . and , eagle asked if i wanted the packaging carted away . very pleased with the service part so far.... .  my set-up :  s6187 61 " hdtv sony av and 5.1 surround ( this is not a digital unit.....i was n't sure it would work but there are three options to hook-up a home theater : 1 ) basic connection ; 2 ) optical ; 3 ) hdmi ) sony dvd motorola hd-catv box ( we use comcast ) sony vcr  experience :  as far as the tv , the hd channels look sharp and clear , however the non hd channels are n't as sharp as my 36 " sony crt tv ( there are several settings on the samsung for 16 : 9 , 4 : 3 and wide format ; setting to 4 : 3 or wide for non hd channels improves the picture quality a little ) . but it does n't effect the enjoyment since i purchased this for the hd , and it blows me away . the tv controls are simple to use , and the on screen menu 's are easy to navigate . the sound out of the tv is not adequate for surround sound , but i hooked up a 5.1 reciever and it makes hd come to life . i like the fact that you can connect components to an av and/or the tv , so there is room for 3 additional components with my set-up . i also hooked up my laptop ( there is 2 connections for the video and audio on the back of the tv ) . after changing the video settings on the laptop ( the mannual does a nice job for xp users ) , it was incredible ! the camcorder hooks up to the side of the tv , so there is no need to move the unit away from the wall . it was a simple set-up , and again , the picture quality just blew me away ! ! ! i highly recommend this tv to anyome looking for a 50 " plus tv
the ink toner i received was exactly as described and was delivered in a timely fashion .
a very good in supply is obtained at all times without leakage of ink or smudging of the paper or clogging of the printer . the reason it is not rated 5 stars is that the ink supply is utilized too rapidly and the expensive cartriges have to replaced too frequently
this was by far the easiest computer peripheral i have ever setup ! works flawlessly with my netgear wireless router
it is remarkable that , even though there are hundreds of ipod cases in existence , none of them are near-perfect . i tried four different cases , both hard plastic and silicone variants , and the iskin case comes the closest , protecting the ipod but at the same time not rendering the ipod less enjoyable to use . the case is basically a hybrid of hard plastic and soft silicone . the ipod first slips into a silicone sleeve , which covers every part of the ipod except for the earphone plug and the screen . in addition , there is a hard plastic plate that is then inserted into seems on the front of the silicone case , and this provides the screen protection . due to the double-seam in the silicone , the plastic plate never comes in contact with the ipod , so you do n't have to worry about it scratching . the case even has a flap that covers the dock connector , preventing dust from entering , yet you can still use the universal dock without removing the case . the most unique part of this case is that it covers the clickwheel , but the silicone is so thin that it hardly impedes the scrolling . actually , i think it provides just enough resistance so that you will overshoot your target much less than with the bare clickwheel . the only real downside i found with the iskin is the clip that comes with it--i would not trust it at all , so i took it off . it would be nice to have a better clip that you can actually use , and it would be really great to have an armband available for it as well , but as i said above , i have yet to find a perfect ipod case . like most silicone cases , this one does also attract lint in your pockets , etc. , but it is not as bad as other cases . unfortunately , even though this is a great case , it is not readily available . i could n't find it in any store , and amazon only sells it through marketplace sellers . i ordered from applelinks , and they delivered it to me in four days . whatever you do , do n't order from the iskin company directly . i have heard countless horror stories of people waiting a month for their cases . they should re-dedicate themselves to manufacturing these great iskins and let others worry about selling them
ordered the ink cartridge and had it within 4 days . love the service at amazon
these are the best . period ! look no further.. because you will not find a better value in rechargable batteries
i used canon ink and then decided to try one of the cheap imitations . it worked well for a few months and then my photos came out of my canon i900d with color changes . after 3 conversations with canon customer care , we decided it was not the printer , but the cheaper ink . i switched back to canon , bit the bullet on the price , and everything is fine . i found decent prices on amazon , particularly at eek industries
this is a nifty very small musical device that i use when exercising . its great - holds all the songs i can listen to and is so portable . i really like i
i was so happy with my creative zen nano that i bought one as a gift . i love the color choice and the sound is great . love the pause button . it came with a protective case that attaches to the arm band . you do not need to buy one ! ! amazon delivered it in 2 days
this printer was purchased for my wife 's birthday and arrived in two to three days . considering money spent the printer works quite well . pictures come out very good overall . an hp 95 or hp 97 cartridge is used for color photos . it contains three color inks but no black . still , photos will easily satisfy the average owner . an hp 100 cartridge can be used for black and white photos . yes , the color cartridge must be exchanged for the black one when converting from color to black and white and vise versa . even so , we find the printer fun and very simple to use . just keep in mind that the price of ink will soon exceed the price of the printer if used often . what we do is use it for special occasions or when the grandchildren come over . gary
this is perfect for use in kitchen space and has incredible pictue quality
i 'm using monster optical cable as well , but with different reasons behind . anybody with a basic knowledge of physics or optics should know that under normal condition light is not susceptible to interference from magnetic field or emf
sound quality is very good , and i have n't run out of battery so far . the base is somewhat smaller than what i expected from the pictures . the handsets are well designed ; on my previous phone it happened that the " mute " function became engaged when i kept the phone between my head and my shoulders - this did not happen with these so far . speakerphone on the base is a nice feature and makes the phone usable even during power outages . answering machine works well . easy to copy phonebook entries between phones .
this does exactly what it is supposed to do . it is light , easy to pack , easy to use , and probably difficult to crack . ( though would-be pc pilferers have n't tried taking a hacksaw to my cable lock so i can not comment as to its ability to withstand saws , blow-torches , or any other criminal 's tool . )  other reviewers baffled me as mine is as described by amazon . there is neither an alarm nor batteries . why bother with an alarm if the pc is locked with steel cable ? seems like overkill
i tried both microsoft 's lifecam vx-3000 and vx-6000 . had 'em both home and ran trials with my intel pentium d dual core 3.00ghz cpu with 2 gigs of ram and , with both of those , the video lagged the audio ( distractingly so ) . spent the better part of an hour on the phone with a friendly microsoft customer service rep one evening ( got through on their toll free line ) and he pointed me to new software for the vx-6000 . downloaded the 50 meg plus file , installed it , but the vx-6000 still produced out-of-sync video vs. audio when i created a simple 640 by 480 video file for viewing on media player or editing in windows movie maker . so , i talked to some technicians at our company and then talked to the webcam guru at the local assembler that built my , i believe , excellent computer . all recommended logitech when buying webcams . i then marched back to best buy and traded my $ 99 microsoft vx-6000 for a logitech quickcam orbit mp for bb 's price of $ 139.95 . you can find this logitech unit cheaper all over the place , including , of course , here at amazon . the package i bought included an inexpensive headset , which i have n't used so far . although i have n't tried the orbit in a video phone call yet , from the moment i turned it on i had that satisfing good feeling that i bought a winner . installed fairly easily with a couple of bumps . got a " usb composite device has not passed windows logo testing " screen a couple of times..but..i received the same screen on , get this , the microsoft cams ! i just continued installing and have not experienced system problems so far . the audio sync with video in making a recording is right on ( remember , that was primary reason for taking back the microsoft cameras ) and the picture clarity on my lcd flat panel monitor at the 640 webcam capture setting produced a gorgeous picture . excellent detail and smoothness of video . besides the superior audio sync with video , the orbit mp is remarkably better than the vx-6000 and way above the $ 49 microsoft vx-3000 in all other criteria too , in my opinion after comparison testing . the orbit 's special effects are interesting and fun . the pan , tilt , etc. , excellent . the face tracking is vigorous and alive - fun to watch the little orbit camera turn - but i have n't tested in actual live conferencing yet . all in all - for webcams , i 'm now saying what more experienced webcam users told me - head for logitech . they 've certianly hooked me with their apparent superior performance . the orbit mp is a keeper ! not going to waste anymore time searching and testing . and , my advice to microsoft , you 'd better talk to the outfit that bought your name for those lifecams . i 've relied on the microsoft name on peripherals , keyboards , etc. , and i 've generally been very satisfied . but , in webcams , with me , the microsoft brand now takes a back seat to logitech .
easy to operate and good focus . just a little problem with tracking for the goofy faces but overall a nice little cam
garmin ique m5  i 'm very pleased with my little ique m5 gps/pda . while it 's not perfect , it 's pretty darn amazing . i had actually purchased a lowrence iway 350 gps , but then my husband discovered the ique on sale at costco for about [ ... ] more . with the ique offering so many more features , i returned the lowrence and purchased the ique . with my husband and i both having the same machines , we can beam information to each other or send them over bluetooth . it has taken many hours of playing around with it to get to learn the device , as it is n't very intuitive and the manuals , especially for the pda , are limited . my husband has spent a lot of time learning to use the gps , and he 's learning its idiosyncrasies as far as planning routes and getting it to avoid routing through construction areas . it 's very sophisticated and the maps are great - better detail than the lowrence . we purchased a 2 gig memory card and downloaded the entire map database onto it , and there were still 300 gigs to spare . i had no trouble downloading the maps or the active sync software . the basic gps functions are easy to use once you get the hang of it , the voice directions are clear and concise , and it re-routes quickly if you go off course . you can plan your route in advance without having the gps activated . this is a good idea , since it can take up to 5 minutes for the unit to locate the satellites , and you can be on your way if you 've viewed your route before starting out . i used the gps on a trip stratford , canada , and it was wonderful having the canadian maps as well as the us maps available . i even used it handheld while walking to my bed-and-breakfast from the theater . every once in awhile there is a glitch ( it said the theater was on the left , which would have taken me into the avon river ! ) , but it 's generally right on target and i find most of the problems are operator error , such as turning too soon . the " route to home " feature is very convenient . granted , the ique does n't always take you on the shortest route , but it will get you where you 're going and if you 're " directionally challenged " like i am , it becomes indispensible . the car mounting bracket works fine . it 's popped off occasionally in hot weather , but generally stays put . the bracket would be easy to move to another vehicle . the gps would work in a cup-holder if you needed to use it in a rental car . i 've spent more time learning the pda portion , which uses windows mobile 2003 2nd edition . the ique uses outlook as its interface , so you 'll have to have it installed on your computer . not having used outlook before , i installed outlook on my laptop and spent some time getting familiar with it , which was helpful . the pda has so many functions that it 's hard to even describe what this little machine can do . it will organize all of your calendar functions and contacts , checks e-mail , accesses the internet if you get a wi-fi card , recognizes handwriting , has a voice recorder , interfaces with other bluetooth units , sends alarms , has word and excel , even has a couple of good games . i got a separate sd card for music and downloaded a lot of songs , and the sound through headphones is quite acceptable ( it has bass boost ) . it uses windows media player so you can organize all of your playlists . you can download any programs that are available for windows mobile 2003 , including tv shows and videos . i never thought i 'd find much use for a pda but i 'm using it every day . no more little notes on scraps of paper or a separate pocket calendar , address book or even an ipod . everything is in one handy-dandy little machine . and even though it is n't that intuitive , once you 've learned the basic conventions they translate to most of the programs . we 've called garmin tech support a few times and , although they are only open during regular business hours , we found american staff who are very knowledgeable about the product . since a good gps will run at least [ ... ] , this was a great bargain at around [ ... ] we 've purchased screen protectors and are hoping it wo n't wear out too quickly , as i 've heard palm pilots tend to do . i 'm really enjoying the ique .
we bought this about a month ago from amazon . the product itself seems fine - we used it on a vacation drive from nj to myrtle beach and back . at times , it was a help ( like when there was a traffic jam on 95 in va and we needed an alternate route ) . however , you definitely have to keep an eye on it as it does n't always recommend the best or shortest route . also , it was missing certain stores , restaurants , etc . that had been around for awhile . we liked that it is a pda though . my husband drives limos so he wanted a mapping device for help but we hope to load some games into it . this way , when he has to wait around , he will have something to do . cons : - you should be tech-savvy to get one of these set up - match sure you get patches as unit will lock up - manufacturer has discontinued this model . they still offer some support but be warned that this is a discontinued model . - since it became discontinued , it dropped in price about $ 60 two weeks after i bought it which annoys me somewhat - will be spending extra to get bigger memory card - came with expired outlook coupon - why bother including this ? pros - nice display and controls - came with mount and dock ( some do n't - you have to buy extra ) - we had no trouble with the suction cup mount ( had to pry it off the window with a knife one time ) but agree that most placement seems to block driver view through windshield - also a pd
this phone was an additional phone for the model ip811-2 phone system used for vonage . this system has every feature that i could want , including range and quality , there are no negatives . i am highly recommending this phone and system
not much said about the fantastic quality of the video picture . you would n't think that you would actually be able to watch video on a screen this small but the resolution and quality of the picture is amazing . i have shown it to an i-pod owner and was told the video on this player is definately better than the i-pod . the unit is not perfect , it does freeze occasionally , but the re-set function has always unlocked it . the video sometimes converts in a jerky fashion also . but the conversion software was able to handle very large files . i suspect a little tweaking might fix the conversions . sound quality is great . combine this with sennheiser cx300-b earbuds and you 'll love it . this is my forth mp3 type player amd the extra money over the lower end players definately yields a better product . the previous player , creative zen nano plus 1 gb mp3 , quit working the week the warranty ran out . thumbs up on this one
i purchased this cable solely to connect my gpsmap 76s to my hp laptop . so far it has performed perfectly . i have not tried to use it for other applications yet , so i ca n't comment on how well it would work in other situations .
i find this printer to be better than hp or epson as there are not a lot of bells and whistles , just a solid printer that performs as i anticipated
the zen micro is brilliant i have dropped it a load of times and it still works fine i 've dropped it on the kitchen tiles twice , i 've dropped it a few times in the yard and it still works perfect . i had to buy new headphones for it which made the sound quality much better . it is very easy to transfer files to it i always use windows media player to transfer files as it is easier to use than the creative software . i use it everyday and the battery lasts a good while for me . overall the zen micro is a very good product
i bought four of these . so far they appear to work well . they do not work with compact flourescent lights well , but are fine with incandescent bulbs
i bought this screen as a replacement for my 8ms 17 " hyundai l90d + ( which is a great low-priced screen for gaming ) , which was the replacement for a dell fp2100 ( that i gave to my wife ) . anyways , this is an excellent monitor with excellent color reproduction and response times ( more than enough for my flight sims ) . movies are beautiful and the rather weird resolution has n't been a problem . the design is probably the neatest looking out there ( subjective i realize ) . the only gripe i have w/ this monitor is lack of swivel ( sigh ) . other than that i 'm very pleased with everything about this screen
wow...just got one of these at a great price , hooked it up to my mac g4 via a dvid cable , and it boots up at native resolution ( 1680 x 1050 ) automatically - no muss , no fuss . text is crisp and clean
my favorite thing about this phone is that the caller id captures 11 digit numbers ( 1-xxx-xxx-xxxx ) which are then very easy to store into the phone book and call . my old phone only captured 10 digits ( xxx-xxx-xxxx ) which meant i had to reenter everything manually because of course you have to dial a 1 first . this new phone also allows me to toggle between 11 digits and 7 digits on the same number . i put together my phone book just by capturing calls as they came in . very handy . as far as being a phone , it does everything well and after a couple of months i am still as happy as could be with it
this is the rockinest think i 've ever seen or buyed dudes ! ! ! check it ou
this is my first gps and i wanted a unit that could be used in a variety of environments such as biking , hiking , kayaking , and in the car to . i found this unit to be easy to use with a large display and convenient controls . also the 2 times i called garmin with questions i was able to talk to someone who is in the usa as opposed to a person in a foreign country which can be frustrating to some . on the down side to get the most out of this unit you still need to buy additional mapping software
ok.. here 's the deal . i 've been an avid magellan user for the past 3 years . i love my magellan . i 've never liked the garmins because of their clumsy interface ( the buttons placed above the display never made sense to me ) and how the menu structure was built . however.... we 're planning a 2000 mile road trip from utah up to the oregon coast . we needed something with expandable memory so we could upload more than one state map at a time . my wife bought me the magellan explorist 600 for fathers day . i forced myself to use it for two days ( and believe me , it was torture ) . i could go on and on about why i sent it back . what i ordered as a replacement was the gpsmap 60cx . now keep in mind that i felt like someone who had turned to the dark side . i could n't be happier with my decision . while i agree with most of the other reviews about the lack of base maps , and the expense of additional ones , this unit rocks ! it acquires satellites within seconds . it has expandable memory . it has a color screen . it manages geocaches . it auto-routes . it stores 1000 waypoints . it has sirf technology . it is a usb interface . it has a belt clip . it changes display contrast at night ( automatically ) . it slices.. . it dices... . suddenly the dark side is n't so dark ! ! this is a great unit that i would recommend to anyone .
i had been talking about wanting an mp3 player , but i did not want an ipod , as i heard you can not add files in windows format and that 's what all of my music is . i received this e260 4 gb mp3 player for my birthday in june 2006 , and this is the first mp3 player i have ever owned . although there are a few little quirks , overall i am not disappointed and would recommend this mp3 player . like many rechargeable battery-powered items , it required a lengthy initial charge before first use . after that , the future charges do n't seem to take as long . the mp3 player plays for hours on end without needing a new charge . although i 've never run it completely down , i have used it continuously for about 4 hours with no battery issues . i installed the software on my computer , and the disk is where you will find the owner 's manual . i was a bit irritated that there was no hard copy of the owner 's manual , and just a few weeks ago it came up as an issue when my mp3 player froze and i had to turn on the computer to look up the troubleshooting guide ( turns out if the player freezes you need to hold the power button down for about 15 seconds to reset it ) . it came pre-loaded with 20 songs , only one of which i had ever heard of ( and it was one of those no-name bands that played once on saturday night live ) . although my first instinct was to delete the songs to make room for my own choices , i decided to leave them on there until i need the space . about three of the songs have grown on me a little bit over the past 5 months . i currently have 517 songs on there and still have room for more . as far as performance goes , it performs pretty well . the buttons are a little difficult to get used to , as you navigate through the functions and the song lists by scrolling a wheel . not too bad , but when you turn on the player and it begins at the beginning of the list and you want a song that 's in the middle and you have a lot of songs on there , you will be scrolling a lot . i do not use all the functions that came with this mp3 player . it has music , fm radio , photo , voice , video and a settings option . i have used the music function and the voice recorder option , both with good results . the only downside to the voice recorder is that you ca n't get the recordings you made off the mp3 player and onto your computer . it would have been nice to be able to record things and sync them onto your computer . as for syncing music files , i have not had any problems , although i did have one instance where it shows a song was downloaded , but when you try to play it , it skips to the next song alphabetically in the list . i do n't know what caused this . also , you can only store a song as one genre , which is a little annoying . be sure you have your genres picked before you sync because once the song is on the mp3 player , you can not change the genre . it came with a headset , but i have never used it . instead i purchased some panasonic folding travel speakers to use with it . i do wish the mp3 player had some alternate form of charging other than needing to be connected to my computer 's usb drive to charge . another con is that a scratch of some sort appeared on the inside surface of the screen . i ca n't remember it being dropped or anything , so i do n't know what caused this , but it 's pretty noticeable . it does n't seem to affect the operation , just the aesthetics . overall , the cons are little irritations to me and i would recommend this player to someone who does n't want an ipod
pros : easy to use , last for days without charging ( depending on the use , of course... but i was traveling for 5 days and used it a lot without charging , and it lasted the trip ) , enough memory space , has radio , works as a recorder , small cons : stopped working , froze twice since i bought it 3 month ago . when it 's on , tunes that i had deleted will still appear on my play list . if i hit play on such song , the player just skips and plays the next song on the list . but overall i 'm happy with my mp3 . i 'd recommend it
i 've never written a review , but i 've relied heavily upon the voluntary opinions of other amazon buyers , so i felt a really good product like the anycom bluetooth mouse deserves an unsolicited review . i know experience and taste vary by individual , but this mouse is awesome from my viewpoint . pros :  - bluetooth - connects immediately ; provides smooth accurate tracking - size - very portable ; some may find it too narrow ; i have a hardtime going back to a wider mouse - battery life - i get at least 2 days out of it before charing and i 'm a fairly heavy user - usb charge attachment - allows you to continue to work while recharging - product design/quality - nicely engineered ; good quality material- not tinny - it 's built to take abuse  cons : - have n't really found any - it took me awhile to figure out how to connect until i read the manual line by line ( i do n't tend to do that ) then i realized it was pretty straight forward . if you 're looking for a quality bluetooth traveling mouse this is the one .
i was in the market for a new inkjet and finally settled on this printer . the photo output is awesome and it 's very fast ! there are only two things i would comment on that new users might not be aware of . i was ready to return the printer as i thought it was defective until i found out what the problems were . 1 ) when the cartridges dry out , it will tell you that the cartridges are incompatible . this was confusing as i did have the correct cartridges in the printer . a " replace cartridge " message would have been less ambiguous . 2 ) the printer has so far appeared " dead " once . when i went to turn it on , it would not do so . the solution is on hp 's website - you must remove the rear door and do a hard reset . i did this and the printer worked fine again . the printer does not come with a usb cable , but those can be easily bought for $ 14-20 .
i 'm a skeptic . no , i mean i 'm really a skeptic... especially in today 's marketplace ( because nothing is built like it used to be ) . i do n't buy anything without checking it out first , and even then , i expect that it 's probably going to fail me when i do . yeah , wonderful view there , huh ? well , needless to say , i was pleasantly ( and quite happily ) surprised when this device did n't fail me out of the box . i 've been using my speedpad for almost a year now , and i have to say that it has been by far more solid , responsive and intuitive than i ever expected it to be . i will not play a pc game without it plugged in now , that 's how well this gamepad has worked for me . here are the ins and outs :  1 ) solid construction . as others have stated , this device feels very solid and is just generally " sturdy as hell " . this , alone , surprised me . not too many electronic devices are solidly made these days ( not too many at all ! ) .. . so i 'm glad to see that this one was . belkin did an excellent job in this department . 2 ) software . do yourself a favor , when you get this device home , do n't bother putting in the cd that comes with it . instead , go directly to belkin 's website first-thing , download the newer version of the software ( which is near exactly the same as what 's on the cd , but updated ) and install that * before * plugging in your speedpad for the first time . do that and you 'll have everything updated immediately with little to no trouble at all . i 've had no problems with the software for this hardware ( and that 's generally the part i have trouble with the most ) . the applications ( profiler and button editor ) function perfectly , and macros are a snap to program . kudos to belkin 's programmers on writing the software suite for this , they did a good job . 4 ) sticky keys . most people have experienced this.. myself included . being possibly a byproduct of the solid construction of the product , basically , what happens is the keys stick just a little bit coming out of the box . though just " excercising " the device ( pressing the buttons down quickly and solidly over and over ) for a few seconds after plugging it in each time i went to use it cleared up this issue within the first week of using the gamepad , and i 've never had it happen since . 5 ) other buttons . * the mouse scroll wheel can be an annoyance , and i do n't use it much at all because it 's hard to scroll up and down with it ( belkin may just have made that particular button a little * too * solid ) . * the orange button above the d-pad also is n't that easy to press , though if you keep you pinky finger positioned on the side of the keypad for leverage , it 's not impossible to press this button ( in fact , i use it as my default " map " button in most of the games i play ) . it 's perfect for those functions you use enough to need a button for but not enough to need an easy spam button . * i have n't experienced any problems hitting the 'space ' button below the d-pad that others have experienced . my thumb taps that button as easily as it taps the space bar on a standard keyboard . my only complaint with it is that i ca n't simply twist my thumb a bit to hit the key , i have to actually lift my thumb off the d-pad to do it - and that 's not much of a complaint at all , really . the d-pad itself is a godsend ! i 'm a true console gamer , having used nothing but d-pads for movement since all the time spent playing my old nes as a kid ( and using a joystick before that with my even older atari ) . d-pad is all i know , really . in fact , the one thing that 's kept me away from pc gaming all these years is i 've never , ever been able to accustom myself to using arrow keys or wasd for movement ( and probably never will get accustomed to that either ) . for the longest time i was looking for a device that could allow me to keep the sensitivity of mouse aiming ( to keep up with other pc players ) while giving me an actual d-pad for movement... and that is exactly what this gamepad did for me . as i said at the top of this review , i will never play a pc game without my nostromo speedpad plugged in . this gamepad has provided the one benefit that other pads have n't and that i really needed - a controller interface that 's actually functional and intuitive enough to use that i forget i 'm using it most of the time , allowing me to immerse myself completely in whatever game i 'm playing... which is really the point of gaming in the first place , is n't it ? the nostromo speedpad gets 5 stars from me . i would recommend it to anyone who 's looking for the type of benefits i 've listed . and , for that matter , i 'm recommending it right now in fact.. .
the sound of these earbuds are great..and they are a value for the price . however the " in the ear " design causes them to catch sweat , and they wo n't last when you sweat into them alot . after 9-12 months of wearing them in the gym they will stop working . i have gone through 3 pairs in the last 2 years
using this kingston chip on my pearl 8100 phone and it has worked flawlessly . and esmartbuy delivered it within about 3 days of my order . ca n't beat that
i work in a computer lab where we constantly re-image devices ( using norton ghost ) . i have 3 laptops and 1 dell gx620 desktop and all of them have gigabit connection . when i connected those 4 to this switch and run the imaging process simultaneous , i get the same performance ( 0 differences ) as i run 1 laptop to the gx620 . this testing was done with cat5 cables that i pick randomly from my lab . i ca n't wait to add more devices and using cat6 cables to get my work done faster
the antenna works well and obtains more satellites than the gps units internal antenna . this easily solved the issue of poor reception when the gps is inside of a car ; however , the best accuracy i am able to obtain is 13 feet with this external antenna vs. the 9 feet using the gps 's internal antenna when in an open area . garmin 's external antenna connector plug does not attach very firmly and can disconnect easily when the units are moved around ( on my gps ) . i feel the antenna was worth purchasing
i use the suctions mount antenna because i remove from sight whenever i leave my car which is idea for my purposes . the antenna does greatly improve the reception and maintain a satilite lock . the only draw back is keeping it attached to windshield in cold weather untill the car warms up
this unit has a/v in . my thought was that one could play video games on it , or view images from a camcorder/digital camera . however , all video sent to it gets distorted to fit the wide screen . so it does not allow me to do all i wanted . it is also a bit on the loud side . if your getting this for the car i suggest the coby 7050 unit . i got one of those also , and it works much better for the kids being a tablet form factor . it also does not make much noise
this is a great swicth with low price . i use it together with d-link di-704 4-port internet sharing router to build my home network with 1 pc , two servers , one powermac and a laptop connected to cable modem isp . connecting via the swicth for internet sharing does n't show any noticeable slow-response as compared to connecting via the router directly . it works well by itself as we as with d-link di-704
i would highly recommend this phone set . easy to program and crystal clear reception . a definite 5 star
works well with canon 10d , 30d , and s40 . fairly fast write speed . and 4gb - pretty big ( 1600 jpgs in the 30d ! )
for the epson photo 1270 , the photo quality and color are excellent . i have printed digital photos that people can not believe come from an inkjet printer
this product was very easy to set-up . hooked up 4 computers and had all up and running in no time . been running 3 months with no problems what so ever . would highly recommend
i am amazed by the quality of the guitar . the product is extremely good . the service by amazon was ultimate . thanks a lot amazon
since there are very few cases that fit ipaq pdas , i recommend you get this one . depending on type of your ipaq ( 1900 series vs 3000 series ) , you might have varying degrees of comfort trying to shove your pda into the case . once you 're done , however , it 's very easy to use and carry . it comes with a belt clip that you may or may not use . the case itself is slim enough to fit snugly in your pocket , unlike so many other cases . the obvious disadvantage is that if you drop it on a hard surface , this case wo n't provide much in a way of side protection ( klutzes be warned ) . the leather feels surprisingly good , almost a lambskin kind of quality . the credit card space is not very useful , but you can shove a couple of business cards in there . a solid 4 stars until anything better becomes available
this is the perfect product for someone who travels with portable computers . you do n't have to tote around long phone cords it retracts with no jamming ! excellent travel accessory
works exactly as advertised - i travel a lot and i can finally enjoy those long travel hours in planes calmly . worth the " relatively " high price tag
unit 's range shorter than expected , but i feel that i got what i wanted , and paid for . shipping and delivery were great
i was looking for a very basic palm that would become my calendar and contact list and this is perfect for both ! ! it 's very easy to learn and enter stuff . i 'm a first time pda owner and this is an excellent product !
if you originally & newly unlocked a new locked mapsource cd-rom/dvd-rom product on or after the release date of an update for that same product , you are eligible to unlock on that specific update what you unlocked on the original for no charge . in other words , you can update to the latest data for free ! visit the garmin web site for more inf
if you 're looking for isolation from ambient noise , these are great . i use them as in ear monitors for my onstage use ( rock band ) , and if i use the foam inserts , i can stand right in front of the horn section and not get my head knocked off . i 've read some people complain that the bass response is not quite what they expected , but frankly it does n't bother me a bit . the only thing that 's awkward is removing them when they 're fully inserted for a while . they 're rather small , and getting hold of them can be a bit tricky . i 'm using small bits of tape for " pull tabs " , and it seems to work pretty well . overall , i 'm impressed with this product since it 's affordable and does exactly what it 's advertised to do
i found this on clearance at another retailer ( i guess not everyone likes pink ) , and it 's fabulous . i thought it might be just for skinny-armed people , but not so ! i 've got plenty of room , it fits great , and it does n't move . still looking for a solution to keep the earbud cord out of the way , though . makes mowing the lawn way more fun
the phone works great ! . i have three of these and a base . the best phones i have had . the other phones i have are the tcx800 model ( previous version ) , equally good . i had trouble deregistering one of the phones , as it has to be close to the original base ( kept telling me out of range ) . i found out that pressing end and # , also deregisters
i just use the keyboard like a business user . i do n't use the media stuff . i really like the tactile feel of the keyboard and how it works . i like that it 's not huge and does n't have all those extra ridiculous buttons that i never use . the rechargeable mouse is handy as well . prior to this , i had two microsoft wireless combos in a row , and in both cases the mouse gradually began flaking out on me . i do n't know if it 's because it 's logitech or it 's bluetooth , but the keyboard/mouse are as responsive as were they wired ( after they " wake up " ) .
i used the tripp lite to charge my powerbook and digital camera during a cross country trip to grad school . it worked great and i had no problems . the only thing i could have used was a second outlet
esactly what i was wanting . when you turn there is resistance ( springs i think ) and everything works great . if you use flight sims you need this product . works awsome
nicely designed leather case w/ belt clip . i bought this for my hp hx2415 . pockets good for sd memory cards . belt clip hooks very tightly to belt , so you do n't have to worry about dropping pda .
este estuche lo comprpara mi ipaq hx2415 y es muy cmodo de llevar porque no es grande y adems el equipo se mantiene seguro por el diseo que tiene
this backpack is ideal for carrying my huge science textbooks as well as keeping my macbook safe . its many pockets and nooks are ideal for carrying and organizing just about everything i need . as a chronically disorganized person , the bag helps me maintain some sense of organization and order in my belongings . the strap is nicely padded and it 's elastic , so shocks are well absorbed . a nice touch is a zippered 'cavity ' at the top , which is an ideal place to store a laptop charger . the build quality seems excellent so far - it looks to be a very durable product . i 've always had good luck with wenger products in the past . the best part about this backpack is that it does n't scream 'there 's a computer in here ! ' .
great all around backpack for lugging laptop and books to school . it has a fairly large capacity but it also has tension straps so you can compact it . one of the best features is the open compartment which is perfect for gym shoes or clothes
great sound quality ; great signal quality . i can hear everyone well , and the people on the other end of the call can also hear me well . the main charging station is about 40 feet away at the opposite end of the house from my farthest charger , with a couple walls in between , and i have no problems with signal . the handsets are smaller than i expected , but that 's actually a bonus since i had n't bought a new phone in a while and thought my old handset was too big and clunky . the handsets are about 6 inches long not including the antenna part , 1 and 7/8 inches at the widest point by the display , and 1 and 1/8 inches thick at the thickest point . does n't interfere with my wireless internet or any of my other electronics . i 've used the phone while sitting next to my laptop , while both i and the chargers were next to tv and stereos , and with my cell phone going at the same time - no interference . the speakerphone part is n't that great - the person on the other end can hear other sounds in the room , plus they say it sounds like i 'm speaking from a great distance away . but i 've never had a phone with a good speakerphone , so was n't expecting that to work anyway . would have been great if they 'd included a headset that goes with it since the handsets do have headset jacks . i love the extra handsets that only need to be plugged into a power outlet - solved my lack of working jacks problem ! ! the display lights up when it rings and when you press any of the keys . the keys are not backlit . the menus are fairly intuitive - if you 've ever had a cell phone you can figure this out pretty easily . it 's very easy to send phone numbers that you 've programmed into one handset to all the other handsets or only to a specific handset . when i first hooked everything up , the phones got no dial tone , but the problem was with the phone cord that plugs into the phone jack in the wall . for some reason , the cord they provided did n't work , so when i swapped it out with the cord i had , all the phones worked fine . i 'd buy these again and recommend to others to buy
this is definitely a comfortable mouse if you do n't have big hands . it is a pretty small mouse but it contours very nicely , even if you are left-handed . the extra buttons are handy for lazy people like me who do n't like using the keyboard or clicking on buttons to go forward , backward , and switch between programs . the button in the middle though ( the one that lets you switch programs ) is out of the way . it takes just a bit more effort to use , meaning that you would have to remove your hand from the default contour to use that button . i actually hardly ever use that button . i ca n't live without the forward/backward buttons though . i find myself man-handling other mice thinking they too have those neat , little buttons . the mouse has a really good response to movement as well . i 've used it for gaming as well , though i admit i 'm not a hardcore gamer . i really recommend this mouse . i ca n't imagine spending more money and getting a remarkably better mouse than this one
pros :  xlnt quality long cord usb or ps2 connection xlnt accuracy very comfortable feel easy access to side buttons great gaming mouse affordable  cons :  none  this is by far the best mouse i 've ever owned bar none
i love it . you can switch back and forth from left hand to right hand and it was a great price
this is an excellent product . if you drive a delivery vehicle or are in route sales this product is for you . i am in route sales and use my laptop every minute of the day . i have an extensive territory and found it difficult to find certain places . the garmin gps 18 plugs right into the usb port and is powered by the computer so no need for additional attachments . i 'll admit " nroute " took a little getting used to ( for example it has a list of all the streets and names of places so if it isnt on the list you 're not going to find it ) but once you figure out how it works its easy as pie . instead of spelling hoover street you just type hoover and it will give you a list of the possible locations . a great buy for only 100 bucks ! if you use a laptop in your vehicle and are in need of gps , dont spend $ 500 on a 2 inch screen unit when you can get an awesome gps sensor for only $ 100
obviously , there are far better printers on the market . but if you 're looking for a quality 3-in-one in the $ 100 to $ 150 range , this one seems to be at the top of the pack . there are nicer printers out there in this price range . however , you will be severely penalized when it comes to purchasing ink . hewlett-packard printers tend to be the most friendly when it comes to buying refilled cartridges or refilling your own cartridges . it prints fast , it prints well , and i enjoy the double-sided printing feature . this printer has been consistently rated by users as being accurate in its color prints , although i 've done little color printing myself . the scans are not the greatest as they leave small artifacts at regular intervals when you zoom in in photoshop . the artifact is a vertical line which bisects the picture and offsets each side by a few pixels . they 're not really noticeable to the naked eye and you wo n't see them unless you 're editing the picture and have blown it up considerably . still , it 's probably not the best for archiving your photos . ( i expect there 's a bur on the plastic gear that rolls down the rack & pinion )  however , flaws are to be expected in this price range and the listed flaws of this printer are nominal . given my research two months ago , and performance i 've encountered after purchasing this printer , and the ease with which i was able to refill the ink cartridges ; i 'd say this is the best printer you can buy for $ 100 , ( as of nov 2006 ) if you do n't want to be extorted into paying exorbitant ink prices , for say , an epson
since i 've seen musicians use jbl speakers for their concerts , that gave me a trust in their product . with that , i became an owner to a desktop jbl pc cpeaker . this product has been satisfactory and by far i have no complaints from it
note : this is a review of the targus pa225u retractable phone & ethernet cord ( plastic casing ) . it 's the rectangular model , not the oval shaped one . i 'm on the road 50-75 % of the time for work and have used this on almost every trip . i initially bought it because i forgot my regular network cord while traveling and needed to buy something quickly . i like to be able to move around in the hotel room and use this cord along with a cheap little plastic cable joiner to connect it to the hotel internet connection so i can sit on the couch or bed while connected to the internet . i 've experimented with a travel wireless router but keep coming back to the wired connection when the wireless connection has problems . i 've used it for over a year and have never had any problems with the retraction
this is wonderful for laptop users that travel or like to move your laptop around a lot . if i leave my laptop somewhere i hate having to worry about tripping over wires and wires everywhere just look bad . this is really small and compact ! perfect for traveling too . i 've used it for about 8 months now and it hasnt had one problem...it still recoils well
i just got my quickcam and it was very easy to setup . i had some trouble focussing though since it is manual focus and the ring was stuck . however , with some nudging it finally loosened up and now the picture is crystal clear . it is so small and just excellent . great work , logitech
i have the canon mp500 printer and canon rebel xt camera - both capable of producing amazing results , but paper makes a huuuuge diference in photo printing . i have both the canon photo plus glossy and the photo pro papers . if you are looking to print out very impressive photos , then i would recommend getting the 8x10 photo plus glossy - definitely nice enough to frame . and with plus glossy , you 're definitely saving $ instead of paying $ $ $ to have professional photos done at a professional or retail store . and i even scanned a professional photo that i had done last year with my mp500 and printed using plus glossy , and the print is significantly better than the original . pros : best value canon has to offer . great , great prints , my favorite paper overall . as good as pro , and less expensive . about 55 cents per page in a 30 page pack of pro compared to 40 cents per page in a 20 page pack of plus . cons : none at all so far . have not seen if photos last over time
i tested my new canon i960 with a variety of papers . like most printers , the output is much better when using the manufacture 's own paper ( as opposed to the cheaper generic paper ) , but there is no need to buy the most expensive &quot ; pro&quot ; paper as neither i nor my wife could discern any difference between the two . there may be a benifit to the &quot ; pro&quot ; paper that can not be seen ( lasts longer ? ) but at almost twice the cost it is not worth it - this paper will produce the highest quality prints on your canon printer ( i think they look better than the ones i get from the photo lab )
i 've had this for at least 8 months now . we 've used it with xd , sd , memory stick pro , pro duo ( with the adapter ) and a few misc . cards that friends ' cameras may be using . i 've never had a problem getting cards in or out , nor any problems with reading the data on them . my only possible complaint is that the cap for the usb connector does n't stay on as well as i 'd like or have a place to store it while the device is in use . short of that , i ca n't place a single complaint about the unit . it has been a well spent $ 20
this reciever is great ! it even gets reception on 6 satelites inside my office building . i have played with many gps units and have yet to see a reciever do that . this is a definte buy . it is extremely accurate also . i highly recomend it
the gps works in both my dell axim x5 and in my hp compaq nc6000 with a compact flash adapter card . i have used it with ms streets and trips and arcpad
