this entire movie could have run in only 20 minutes and you would n't miss anything and might even enjoy it . unfortunately it ran 88 minutes too long and i could n't wait for it to end . i saw it in the theater and the people all around me were all complaining how boring it was . at least a quarter of them walked out before the end . it 's that bad . it 's a shame , i love a good suspense/horror movie and the decent actors in this movies were waisted
if you are looking for a good movie to buy for your child , pass on this one . this movie has so many drug references , i ca n't even begin to explain . ( trust me , i just so happen to have taken acid before ) this is a movie that never should have been directed toward children . if you want your child to be drug free when he/she grows up , do not buy this
fun to watch but my 9 1/2 yr. old daughter could not follow the moves . neither could i for that matter . we tried to learn the moves through " breaking it down " but there is just not enough repetition . too complicated .
every review i 've read about this movie pops and fizzes with praise and i just do n't get it . no one speaks until practically 10 minutes into it , and by then you 're so confused by the random scenes thrown together and the cyrilic letters , it makes it hard to enjoy what comes next . if you like extremely broad slapstick humor and find that totally charming , then i guess i can see the appeal . everyone talks about how this movie spawned so many catch phrases . i have to wonder what they could be : " damned melon ! " or " i passed out when i broke my wrist , and when i woke up , the cast was already on ! " ? ? ? i will say listening to the dubbed english and having the english subtitles on at the same time does add some humor , because they say completely different things , or omit speech altogether . in sum , do n't waste your time
the acting was very good . the pace was adequate . however , the plot was predictable . the movie just reeks of the intelligent thriller syndrome . clive 's character kept calling this the perfect robbery . the characters talk about the relative intelligence of the other characters or how the other characters ca n't possibly know what is going on . i 'm still not sure what jody foster 's character brings to the plot . any way , they do stupid things . the bank robbers dig a latrine in a storage closet . you do n't know the hole is a latrine until the end of the movie . however , they do call it a " s--thole during the movie . they spent hours on this hole . why not use a bucket instead of a hole in the floor for a latrine ? they even brought buckets in with them . they were disguised as painters . why could n't clive 's character use a bucket with chemical treatments instead of a hole in a floor of a bank for a latrine . finding plot holes in this movie is like shooting fish in the barrel . furthermore , the plot is so predictable that it made the movie drag . i have to be honest , i did n't guess the ending . i kicked myself for they gave plenty of clues . for example , a big one is the title of the movie . however , the lame clues ( the s--thole ) acted like red herrings . they threw me off the scent .
wedding crashers is the kinda film alot of people will love because it is stupid but alot of others like myself , wo n't enjoy . two womanizers fall in love , one because he finds out that his gf is not actually a virgin , like first off , what does virginity have to do with love ? & second , who would actually believe that she was telling the truth when she said that she was a virgin ? & then owen wilson 's character fall in love with rachel 's mcadams character and well , that 's the usual predictable romance plot . the problem with this film is it 's not that funny . it seems to think it 's better then it is . i do n't think i hardly laughed during this film . the part about the " supposive " gay guy like people think he is gay so therefore of course , because it 's this kind of film , he ends up being gay and of course , he tries to hit on vince vaughn 's character in a scene that is beyond creepy . lets just say that " gay " guy is prob one of the worst actors i 've seen . & then we get a cameo from will ferrell , alot of people i know find this guy " so " funny . but i do n't get it . it just was n't funny to me . u know , i loved the classic , " american pie " that was just stupid for its own good but it delivered the goods to make it a great comedy ! this film was n't so much funny as stupid . & for the most part , i 'm not going to remember this film in 5 years from now because it 's just an average film
it 's amazing how hollywood and the publishing industry have bent their knees to secession mythology , from birth of a nation to the present example of melodramatic falsification . this is a very dull , shapeless , stilted movie . i would n't bother to denounce it on artistic grounds , but since it is above all a piece of propaganda , i 'm compelled to condemn it as history . what it presents is the " war between the states " version of the civil war , in which the gallant southerners defend their homes,their beloved hills and dales , their cultured lives from the inexplicable invasion of the rude hordes of the north . there are only two black characters , both sentimentally loyal to their southernness and their masters ; otherwise , slavery is beside the point . the generalship of lee and jackson , of course , is idolized , while the northern officers above the rank of colonel are portrayed as fools . the battle scenes are perfectly predictable ; guys charge on foot , other guys shoot , the fields are littered with bodies . would n't a little exposition of the logistics of those battle been more interesting ? how real is it to show only one train , and that southern , in a war won more by transportation than by musketry ? if you are a believer in the myth of the lost cause and the justice of secession , if you have ever cottoned to the notion that the war was n't really about slavery , then i challenge you honor ! i defy you to read just one heavy , scholarly book , arguing about slavery by william lee miller , a professor at the university of virginia . it retells the debates that occurred in the house of representatives , over slavery , in the 1830s , twenty-five years before the election of lincoln . the uncompromising sectional hatred expressed in those debates will surely convince you that the civil war had deeper roots than you thought , and that slavery was indeed the central issue for both sides , blue and grey
maybe for some people , to spend 40 days without sex is not big deal , but in matt sullivan 's case , it could be a total nightmare . after his girlfriend nicole leaves him , matt spends about six months devouring girls , until he starts to hallucinate . advised by his brother , matt decides that celibacy is the answer to his problems , and proposes to go through lent without sex . for matt 's friends , this odyssey is as absurd as impossible , and immediately they take advantage of the situation to make bets about how long will last matt 's abstinence . he does n't have it easy , as many temptations will make him suffer , and even smell the possibility of a new love . 40 days and 40 nights is a movie that tries to get the most comedy possible out of the sexual frustration of his leading character . in a similar way that other grotesque comedies have try to explode in the past years , this film tries to sell us the idea that relationships based only in sex are less satisfactory than those based on love . oh . what a shocking discovery !
great movie but cd not perfoming in the last few scenes . it gets stuck or restarts itself . very frustrating and more frustrating to have to return new cd
editorial reviews  amazon.com essential video after initially rejecting the role as too sentimental , ginger rogers found the title character of kitty foyle to be an oscar winner and a career breakthrough . released in 1940 , only a year after her nine-picture partnership with fred astaire ended , kitty foyle helped establish rogers as a nonmusical box-office star . the film portrays a white-collar working girl who receives a warm and welcome marriage proposal from mark ( james craig ) , a kindly but humble doctor . as soon as she accepts , however , she receives a different proposition , this one from her former love , wealthy socialite wyn ( dennis morgan ) , who plans to flee his life and his wife and asks kitty to join him and live in unwedded bliss in south america . kitty then recounts her life in flashback to help her choose which man to love . rogers gives an appealing performance as the feisty yet vulnerable kitty , who makes up in moxie what she lacks in social status . did she really deserve the best actress oscar over bette davis in the letter , joan fontaine in rebecca , katharine hepburn in the philadelphia story , and martha scott in our town ? well , evidently rogers had real-life moxie too . --david horiuchi  product description known for light comedies and her partnership with fred astaire , ginger rogers stepped off the dance floor and into 1940 's oscar spotlight with her best actress turn as kitty , an indomitable working-class girl who endures the rejection of philadelphia society , makes her own way as a single woman and ultimately chooses between an unmarried arrangement with main line scion wynnewood strafford vi ( dennis morgan ) or marriage to a struggling physician ( james craig ) . rogers ' deserved academy award confirmed she was more than a dance star - a fact humorously underscored when she returned to the studio and was greeted by staffers and actors in top hats and tails . jane wyman won the best actress academy award for her sensitive portrayal of belinda , capturing the girl 's affecting isolation , awakening desire to learn and ultimate triumph . directed by jean negulesco and co-starring lew ayres , charles bickford and agnes moorehead ( all four oscar nominees * for their fine work ) , johnny belinda ( nominated for a total 11 oscars including best picture ) blends atmosphere , nuance and high drama into a heartbreaking classi
i 'm surprised by all the praise this movie gets here at amazon and beyond . there really was n't much here i liked . the soundtrack was the usual " pap " you 'd expect from a family friendly movie , though the sets were nice . it seems this movie was just miscast . mel just does n't do comedy all that well , at least for a lead role . jame garner , the reason i bought this seems more like a bystander . and jodie is jodie and i never bought for a moment she was her character . although the cast is a powerhouse ( on paper ) , sadly the chemistry never really works and the jokes are just cornball . an example : there was a sequence when bret asks his friends ( who are standing behind him ) to whistle to reveal themselves to some bandits he was confronting ; which as it turns out they are unable to do . instead jodie and james , blow madly , just like the movie . this movie reminds me a hell of a lot like ''the three amigo 's' ' ; on paper you would think it could n't miss , but on film it 's painful to watch
this has got to be the worst film i 've ever seen . its not sad . its not funny , jest over blow mellow dramatic garbage . i do n't have any sympathy toward nick in this movie , because he does give you anything to work with or want to keep him . the actor is the worst of all . i cant tell if he 's sad in some seens , or angry or jest retarded . i 've seen some sad movies but this one jest sucks , i guess its aimed at a different time of homosexuals instead of the present . it probably worked better back in 96' . but this movie is so so so bad . its embarrassing . do not rent it or buy it or view it on television . note 's : this film had some great talent a song from olivia newton jon , and ( one of my most personal favorites ) mila and my favorite comedians margaret cho . she 's to good but...why this film , she ( and mila ) are to good for some want to be tearjerker movie like this .
i was very excited about this film as a fan of both the book and ghibli studios previous works . all the greater the disappointment then , when less than half way through , the story becomes something utterly unrecognizable from the original , several key characters are lumped together most confusingly , and others lose all their complex charm . what a shame . if you have never read the book and are a fan of miyazaki , by all means buy this . you 're very likely to enjoy the excellent animation and yet another unusual story from him . if you are a fan of the book , steer well clear . you 're likely to want to poke miyazaki with a stick and see if his head turns into a turnip or his turnip into a head .
along with the nanny , the stepdad , the cable guy , the 14-year-old girl with a crush... we now have the photo processing clerk to fear ! yes , everyone is out to get us.. or at least that 's what hollywood would have us believe . i am getting sick of films like this that constantly contort normal healthy human interaction and community relations into perverse horrors that are far from reality . no wonder we live in a culture of such exagerrated suspicion , mistrust , fear ( and the resulting isolation ) when we have films like this constantly stoking these fears of people around us . yes , films like these have their place . however , i think hollywood has taken it a bit too far and needs to pull itself back into reality .
well , i sure could have skipped this one . i well remember the critics raving over this on television , but why is beyond me . mostly , i was just plain bored . there simply was no depth at all , just bunches of short takes and wise cracks . bush was just downright dirty , making insults and slurs all over the place , something i do not consider an appropriate attitude in a man who would be president . and it is interesting that in one of the reviews it was noted that mary matalen , the deputy manager of bush 's campaign and very acid-tongued ( maybe she wrote some of the slurs bush used ) , is now the wife of james carville , top strategist for clinton 's campaign , and basically the star of the movie . but all the scenes were focused on the funny quip , the bon mot , no long scenes of the nitty-gritty work , or any answers to any questions about clinton either , for that matter .
so i bought this movie because some of the reviews said that the acting was terrible but the dancing was amazing . well , anyone who thinks that the salsa dancing in this movie is amazing , awesome , good , or ok , has never actually seen salsa dancing ! ! i am a salsa dancer , and this movie was horrible ! ! ! i have seen amazing dancing , and good dancing . this was terrible dancing ! and there was hardly any salsa ! it was 80s dancing to salsa music ! that 's it . the only time there was actually salsa dancing was when the main character was training with the club owner . other than that , it was just 80s dancing to salsa music . that 's it . if you want to see salsa dancing , i definitely do not recommend this movie . if you want to see horrible acting , and old 80s dancing , then i recommend this movie.. . there was only one thing that i liked about this movie . the appearances made by tito puente and celia cruz . that was great to see , but not worth buying the movie for... . oh , and the story line ? what was it again ? ? ? ? yeah.. . i love movies , good ones and bad ones . but this one ? ? ? the worst movie i have seen so far.. .  to the best of my knowledge , there are n't actually any movies with really good salsa dancing . hopefully , someday , there will be
from start to finish a total waste of time . i viewed this movie with some of the single women from my church including a recently married woman , we were all appalled at how desparate this " pamela " was note to the director not all women waiting on god are that desparate . the so called christian principals in this movie were laughable . at the end of the movie i found myself apologizing to my guests for wasting their time
this movie was so horrible i do n't know where to start . maybe i could start with the fact the actors were so horrible it was as if the director picked them randomly off the street . or maybe he just casted his own family...at any rate they were untrained and stale . secondly , i had a serious issue with this movie not following basic christian principles . if tyler perry manages to tone down the swearing in his semi-christian plays , why would n't this movie director have enough sense to follow suit...if you 're trying to actually sale to a christian audience . furthermore , i thought the bible said a little something against divorce ; like it was n't permitted unless your spouse commits adultery/fornication . this movie seems to say it 's okay to go against the word of god if you 're in love . in fact , christianity was more of a theory in this movie than it was a practice....by even the protagonist ! i laugh as i think of the scene where ce-ce peniston 's character says seductively , " i 'm looking for a man with his mind on jesus " yet she 's dressed like a hooker . speaking of clothing , why did ce-ce seem to change outfits even in the middle of scene . they go on a date and she 's dressed one way , by the time they come home she has on something different ; with no logical explanation . and please explain why they had someone 's grandfather playing the role of rico suave . maybe the movie would have actually been worth while had he looked more like the man of any woman 's dream . i felt more like telling him about aarp than i did falling in love with him . in addition , the soundtrack , it-was-just-annoying . at some parts it was even hard to hear what the characters were saying because of the music . i just wanted the maddness to stop ! lastly , it seems as if the director tried to portray single church women as being overwhelmingly desperate ( although some are ) however , having pamela fall so quickly for bryant was just , well , almost juvenile...perhaps even a disrespect to women at large . overall , this movie made me want to puke . pastor larry " flash " jenkins really needs to get some true insight on the conditions of the church and maybe even go back and read the bible for himself for clarity
this has got to be one of the worst , most unrealistic movies to date . i never have high expectations for lesbian flicks--rarely are they done well . this one , however , takes it to a whole new level . what was courtney love thinking ? ! you 'll regret wasting your money on this . i ca n't even fathom why it 's gotten decent reviews so far
this movie did n't do anything for me...did n't care for the characters or the plot . the ending was disapointing also .
cheap trick is undoubtedly one of the best live acts around today . they have such great stage charisma , top notch talent , and they consistently get better with age ! what other band sounds better 30 years later ? after my disappointment with the special one cd , i was excited to hear about this dvd ; i heard most special one songs live , and could n't understand why they translated to tape poorly . having these songs stripped and performed live would be exactly the hot product to put out . and the songs do sound much better now , such tremendous intensity robin has live , the guitars and bass sound great , and there 's a great build up to the climax of each song . however , what 's really the downer about this dvd is that although you get fun fictious anecdotes and silly interviews of the band between every track , you then get 2/3 of each live song . not a single song appears here in its entirety . it 's like a behind the music ( without drama or drugs ) based around a new live show . the banter is great , but this clip-show format kills the replay value of this disc . the closest comparison i can give is the 2-dvd version of silver , how the second dvd has fun clips and chat between tracks and then overlays into the songs . that 's exactly what this is like , however , you do not get the benefit of the complete uncut show . bonus features are fun , with the band and their families visiting japan , although the two live special appearances they played are again not shown in their entirety . perhaps someday we 'll get the budakan show on dvd or an updated every trick in the book dvd . update 6/14/05 : exactly a year later , i 've still yet to pop this into my dvd player for a second watch , and cheap trick 's still my favorite band .
this dvd gives documentary coverage concerning such da vinci code topics as rosslyn chapel , the priory of scion , the knights templar , the gnostic gospels , le dossier secrets , da vinci paintings , and opus dei . this dvd , beyond the da vinci code seems to bend over backwards , measuring every narrated word , to try to support and be sympathetic towards the dan brown allegations made in his novel--despite the evidence and expert interviews that they themselves provide in this documentary , they still seem to be in favor of what dan brown has written in the da vinci code . out of a half dozen expert interviewees , the most notable are two " big " names who are major influences on the da vinci code book . margaret starbird , author of the woman with the alabaster jar ; and richard leigh , one of three authors of holy blood , holy grail , ( which was a ny times bestseller in 1982 ) , both appear throughout this program . these two are probably the biggest proponents of the jesus/magdalene conspiracy today , after dan brown himself . so it is especially meaningful when richard leigh and margaret starbird disagree with what dan brown has written ! according to expert interviewee richard leigh , though the da vinci code book says that the knights templar found documents to prove the jesus/magdalene conspiracy , in reality , nobody knows what , if anything , was found by the knights templar in solomon 's temple . leigh also says the whole business about the pentagram , pentacles , 5-pointed stars as mainly representing the " sacred feminine " is nonsense--that symbol has been used throughout history to represent other things just as often ! richard leigh also explains that the original priory of scion was last referenced in 1619 , but the modern day priory of scion people from the last 50 years are " bonkers , " trying to present a hoax of the le dossier secrets , to try to gain political influence for themselves . this le dossier secrets , which appears on the bogus " fact " page at the beginning of the da vinci code book attempts to show a traceable genealogy of descendents of jesus , but has been debunked for decades in france . it does not belong on a page titled " fact " in the da vinci code book ! that is very misleading , not factual . brown says the le dossier secrets were discovered , but leaves out the fact that they are commonly known to be phoney ! margaret starbird , another major influence on the dan brown novel , says that even though she believes in the jesus/magdalene bloodline , there is no proof of the bloodline lasting into the french merovingian line of kings , circa the first millenium a.d . the documentary , using other expert interviewees and location footage , goes on to debunk the ridiculous claim of the rose line alignments being found in significant locations throughout the da vinci code novel ; as well as showing there is no evidence that leonardo da vinci was a member of the priory of scion , let alone the grandmaster ; the rose is not the symbol for the priory of scion ; and opus dei has no interest in the " secret " bloodline of jesus/magdalene because they do n't believe it even exists . sadly , most of the debunking occurs towards the end of the show , in brief statements , before quickly moving on to the next topic ; while most of the screen time is spent romanticizing and retelling what dan brown 's da vinci code book claims about the jesus/magdalene conspiracy . overall i was disappointed by this history channel dvd for presenting such seemingly wishful support while showing that so much just ai n't so in the da vinci code book--though i am not surprised , the history channel usually sides against christianity on issues to support atheism in their shows , in my opinion . a much better da vinci code debunking dvd is breaking the da vinci code , which more clearly presents the evidence without romanticizing the novel 's lies about history and jesus
i saw this at the library and brought it home , thinking it might be interesting to watch . i very rarely watch films made after the 1950 's , but this one looked as if it could be enjoyable . it ended up being only mildly enjoyable , and a bit boring . i felt that within all the time it ran , we did n't really get a good understanding of the inner being of the main characters ; seemed to remain in shallow waters all along . the film was sort of good...pretty photography,and for the most part it seemed like the costumes , hair , way of speaking , etc . were accurate for the time period ( so often such movies are so obviously modern people dressed up and pretending to be from way back when ) but something just was n't quite right , and it is hard to know exactly what it was . i was surprised and disappointed that there was quite a long scene with male nudity which to me was quite unnecessary and inappropriate . i think the whole swim scene could have been done effectively without showing full nudity . i am grateful the women in the film remained properly clothed . so i would not recommend this film for families with young children , because of the nudity .
i 'm a language teacher and i have a number of dvds that i use at school as language tools . dvds are great because they 're inexpensive teaching aids when it comes to foreign languages...but only when the dvds actually have other tracks than english . nowadays practically every released movie has language tracks and sometimes subtitles in other languages but this dvd seems like a hearkening back to the dark ages when people were lucky just to get a movie on this format and no extra effort whatsoever was put into a movie 's release on dvd . i was pretty disappointed to discover just as the dvd was shipping that it was n't what i thought it was going to be . i suppose it 's my fault for assuming , but i feel ripped off just the same
the most interesting part of this action movie is the centrality of the cell phone . the movie is a nokia product placement , highlighting what awful danger you are in if you are not connected and , conversely , what a phone can do for you if you have one . the plot centers on jessica ( kim basinger ) who is abducted because the bad guys think she has something that they need . mystery # 1 : what is it ? after lots of running/driving in various parts of l.a. the bad guys round up jessica 's family , while on the other end a pretty guy turned superhero and a would-be day spa owner cop are trying to help them . mystery # 2 : how will the cell phone save the day ? mystery # 3 . watch for the credits at the end of the film . they show up on a... ? yep , you got it
this is the worst transfer of a movie ( that is not a tape-to-tape before dvd bootleg ) that i have ever seen . many scenes in the daylight show a jiggling reflected lights , or so it appears , and lines dance around with the sound . it was so bad i thought it was in individual damaged dvd , until i read other reviews here and on imdb . this is far worse than most cheapie transfers that are no longer owned but are in the public domain . at least in those instances they usually have the excuse that the print they are working from is old and worn . i have a much better video of exodus on vhs tape in ep ! and this movie is currently being offered at amazon for $ 14.95 . do n't bother ! tape it off tcm and you 'll have a far higher quality visual record . as for the movie itself , despite good actors and one of the most wonderful music scores , it 's very flat . kirk douglas would have been a far better choice than newman , who acts like he just came off a binge after a losing pool streak . nonetheless , it should not be sold with in lousy visual copies
i unfortunately bought 4 of the ramtha dvds at the same time.. this was the best of them.. the others were pure wastes of money . while this one didnt answer many questions and ramtha takes forever to make a point . if you 've seen " what the bleep " dont waste your time or money on these ramtha dvds .
wow ! practice a few vapid platitudes and wield some handy aphorisms and woo-woo sounding phrases , change your voice , and you , too , can be a channeler ! for money ! i 'm definitely in the wrong occupation . has anybody ever thought to question " ramtha " on a few specifics that a 35,000 year old being from " atlantis " should know ? did ramtha 's ancient society speak indian-accented english ? what an amazing stroke of luck ! what did ramtha 's people do for agriculture and diet , how was his/her society structured , what tools did they use , and where was " atlantis " precisely located ? i 'm certain that archaelogists and anthropologists could benefit from such knowledge that such a wise being could impart after miraculously surviving 35 millenia--or how many years precisely , and in what reckoning ? could ramtha show us some writing samples in atlantean script ? linguists could help here . or--is it just possible that jz knight and her kind are great at pulling one over on us because we want and need to believe ? is n't that a more realistic explanation ? what does that say about those who buy into this ?
even though i would agree that " erin brockovich " is an entertaining movie , julia roberts performance in it is no more oscar-worthy than was her performance of a prostitute in " pretty woman . " i am second to no one in enjoying a good " david and goliath " story , but this movie has such shaky roots in reality , it is more of a tall tale , than the " true " story of a historic class action suit that , i would imagine , left more unhappy plaintiffs , than it did satisfied ones . however , as the movie title implies , this is indeed erin brockovich 's story , in the same way that the " xena " character is the main attraction in " xena : warrior princess " ( though it should be noted that xena 's wardrobe is considerably more modest than that of the erin brockovich character ) . erin brockovich is a vain , brassy , boorish , single mother of three young children , with no marketable work skills , a transparently opportunistic manner , who dresses very much the same way as the prostitute character roberts played in " pretty woman " ( prior to richard gere 's character taking her on the infamous rodeo drive shopping spree ) . the movie 's beginning finds erin unemployed and pursuing a personal injury lawsuit in connection with an automobile accident ; her lawsuit is lost , primarily thanks to her own disastrous testimony ( swearing , cursing and shrieking from the witness stand ) while being questioned by opposing counsel . unbelievably , erin parlays the failed lawsuit into a job at her attorney 's ( played by albert finney ) firm , mainly by pushing her way into the office and ensconcing herself at a desk . later , while handling the paperwork for a run-of-the-mill , pro bono , real estate sale , erin discovers the file contains the seller 's medical records , that , for reasons she ( correctly ) does not understand , seem to be of particular interest to the buyer , the mega utility company , pacific gas and electric . erin independently embarks on her own personal investigation of the case and discovers that pg&e had ( for decades ) negligently contaminated the ground water ( surrounding one of their power plants in/near hinkley , ca on the edge of the mojave desert ) with toxic , hexavalent chromium . this discovery leads to the queen mother of all class-action lawsuits ( at least in terms of the award ) , in which hundreds of hinkley residents sue pg&e ( by and through the representation of erin 's boss ) in a toxic tort action that eventually nets a 330 million dollar settlement for the plaintiffs . roberts gives a photogenic , if not especially gifted , performance in her role as erin . the movie contains a plethora of flattering shots of roberts ( literally gushing out skin-tight , low-cut , bustier-inspired " work clothes " that would never be permissible attire for any employee of a law firm on this planet ) as she engages in warm and fuzzy discourses with the unsuspecting and unsophisticated hinkley residents . while there is much to be said for erin 's apparent drive and tenacity as she pursues the plaintiffs in the suit , she is not an especially likeable character ; rather , she is rude , verbally abusive and only conciliatory and kind when and if it serves her interests . albert finney is considerably more appealing and believable as ed masry , the aged and weary attorney who is erin 's boss . the bantering that occurs between the two is generally amusing ; unfortunately thanks to the inept direction and camera work , the focus for these scenes seems to be more on roberts ( strutting about in short leather skirts and noisy , five-inched-heeled mules ) than on the sometimes-interesting personality dynamics that seemingly exists between the two characters . aaron eckhart plays the affable , gentle biker and next-door-neighbor , george , who becomes erin 's boyfriend-by-convenience . the " convenience " factor is totally one-sided and for erin 's benefit exclusively ; she unabashedly uses george for free , live-in childcare , thereby giving her the necessary freedom to assist masry as they put together the historic case . erin eventually winds up receiving a staggering two million dollar " bonus " check ( from masry ) when the tort action case settles ; contrastingly , george gets a " thanks " for his nanny services from erin and his walking papers . the plaintiffs in the case are an assortment of simple individuals with unpretentious outlooks on life , who have been dealt a dirty hand by the utility giant . though the hinkley residents are sympathetically portrayed , make no mistake-this movie is about erin brockovich ( indeed , i do not think there is a single scene in which the chacracter is not present ) and less about the brave struggles with life-threatening , generation-spanning illnesses that the real-life plaintiffs were forced to face , due to the toxicity in their water source . erin brockovich is presented to the viewing audience ( in typical hollywood fashion ) as a sort of heroine ; but in fairness it would seem more accurate to say that she was a woman who indiscriminately used people , walked on others when necessary and seized opportunity after opportunity until she eventually struck it lucky and got rich . is the movie entertaining-absolutely . inspiring- not even slightly .
this is the worst workout tape that i have ever purchase , the trainer switches moves to quick and doesnt explain what she is doing like she expects you to know before hand what she is about to do . i am personally gon na smash my copy of it . only reason i gave it 1 star is because the ratings dont go lower
maybe because i did n't like porco . everything was sub-par for me . animation is definitely not as good as his later movies . not enough weirdness , tried too much for the plot . everything was just too ho-hum . as if he tried to carry the whole movie on porco 's shoulders . but once you got past the fact that everyone else was human and porco was a pig there was n't anything else there .
i really did give this a chance but i ca n't say i like the show . it focuses more on the " police " aspect and less on the science , which differentiates the csi series from most of the other garbage out there . i know david caruso has his fans but i just ca n't appreciate him in this vehicle.. .
this was not very good , in my opinion . the ring scared the bejeezus outta me . this was not scary . two weeks afterwards , i still find my mind wandering about one thing...why the heck did n't they just kick that little boy in the head and send him accross the room ? if i walk into my house and see a half-naked boy meowing and hissing at me , i 'm gon na flip him over my knee and give him a good spankin
while some movies require that you throw out your disbelief , i had a very hard time doing so with this movie . this movie was just plain stupid . they should have kept this film story in the states . once everything moves over to tokyo , the film plummets into inauthenticity the likes of which i have n't seen in a long time . i would have respected the film 1,000 times more had it ended when the main character goes to japan . so let 's get this straight , japanese high school students act like american high school students ? lucas black 's character is simply told to go to a japanese high school where he will simply pick up the language and make do ? everybody speaks english ? his father lives in a tiny apartment yet has a garage that 's about double the size of his apartment ? i would have much preferred subtitles and a story that felt , looked and sounded more japanese . japanese students are among some of the most polite students you will ever meet . the japanese culture is steeped and immersed in being respectful , polite and dutiful . real japanese high school students would be embarassed by the way their culture was represented here . actually they probably would n't be embarassed , they would laugh at the film 's poor attempt in showing true or even remotely true japanese culture . japanese culture is not steeped in american hiphop and egocentric behavior and it 's a pity so many americans will see this film and actually think that japanese students are just like american students . there would be nothing further from the truth . japanese students do not act , look or sound like what was filmed here . not by a long shot . given my dislike of how the japanese culture was handled in this film , it left me finding the plot irrelevant . the plot was ok but it would have been much better if they had either stuck to a more authentic representation of japanese culture or kept the story in the states .
i 'm making an exception to my usual practice of not reviewing anything on amazon , due to the utter vileness of this movie . i saw it when it came out in theaters and hated it , and then a friend purchased the dvd and convinced me to give it a second chance... all in all , this movie ended up taking about four hours of my life that i will never get back . the performances are thin and uneven , the plot is inconsistent , and the dialogue sounds like it was pulled from fortune cookies made by the cast of friends . to be fair , this movie does face several major obstacles . it has the misfortune to depend on the " acting " of glorified ken doll freddie prinze , jr. and the vastly overrated julia stiles , and in addition to trying to rise above these challenges , it also attempts to survive the intrusion of ashton kutcher . it fails on all counts . i do not hate the whole romantic comedy genre ; nor do i hate the " teen " movie sub-genre , under which some would place " down to you . " ( in fact , " ca n't hardly wait " is one of my favorite movies . ) i simply hate bad movies , and this movie is a true abomination . if you enjoy the experience of wanting to drill into your own skull , then by all means , buy this dvd . if , however , you value your sanity , then please do not make the same mistake i did ; stay far , far away from this movie
many of these shorts on this dvd ( as well as the other dvd 's in this series ) have been on the treasures allready so i recomend passing on these dvd 's besides all the dirt and the bad restoration you 'll see on the cartoons
this dvd exposes the ultimate warrior as 25 % postitive and 75 % negative . i do believe that jim hellwig does suffer from narcissm in relation to his ongoing identity crisis . just another case of a wreslter who could n't seperate himself from the character , and even still till this day as he is retired give speaches to colleges . the only thing that bothers me is that jim hellwig was n't involved in this dvd to give his perspective and opinions . he was offered to participate and again offered to make his story heard before and after the fact . jim hellwig declined , & used it as another opportunity to initiate a lawsuit . this guy did make an impact in the wrestling world , but it was too shortlived . fans can chalk it up as a cool memory , but unfortunately not one linked with any high level of respect like we can with flair , piper , hogan , and the most respected of all the undertaker
considering the sensational cast ( eli wallach , terrence hill , bud spencer , kevin mccarthy and brock peters ) , the euro-western era it was made in and the locations where it was shot , ace high is a major disappointment . the plot is uninvolving and incoherent , the cinematography is cramped and completely lacking in style , the music is weak during a time that spawned so many memorable soundtracks and the direction lacks any focus whatsoever . the editing looks like it was performed with a butcher 's knife . after the first ten minutes , i knew i 'd made a mistake buying it . a boring 120 minute piece of junk , ace high is hopelessly outgunned by any number of great italian westerns including corbucci 's the mercenary or parolini 's sabata series . save your fistful of dollars for a better film
rather than give another general review as others have kindly done , my review focuses on one aspect of the film , indeed one character , that of martha . martha dunstock is known throughout the film as martha dumptruck . even the film credits include the nickname ` dumptruck ' besides the character 's surname ( evidently feeling the need to labour the point ) . portrayed as unattractive and pathetically grateful for any attention she is given , she unwittingly provides the slater character with information enabling him to murder a student . later , when the cult status of the ` suicides ' ( that is , murdered students ) becomes apparent , martha attempts her own suicide by walking into the path of traffic . but her attempt is shown as a failure . at the end of the film martha is bruised and now disabled , in an electric wheelchair . ryder 's character , having finished her voyage of self-realisation , rejects the school prom night and instead invites martha to stay in with a video and popcorn . martha gratefully accepts and the closing scenes show ryder walking along the corridor while martha encircles her like a planet around the sun . the image of martha in her wheelchair , an object of pity for ryder and for the audience , signifies to us fears of being different , of not being beautiful , of not being loved and respected . martha is the person we are all frightened of becoming . she is given no means of solving her predicament by the film maker . and though some of us in the audience may be fat , or disabled , or both , we may yet still fear martha , and are invited to consider ryder 's protagonist 's journey of self discovery as our own , even is in physical and social reality , we are more like martha . for this reason , ` heathers ' fails as an exploration of the ` hell ' of high school ( a description often used by buffy/angel/ firefly 's joss whedon ) . those in the audience not as thin and complying with western standards of ` beauty ' as the protagonists ( probably the majority of us ) ultimately may find the so-called subversion of cruel hierarchy in this film just that little too shallow , leaving a bitter after-taste . the way ` fat ' people are portrayed in films such as these unfortunately often reflect the predictable , transparent and absurd fixations of the film makers . sadly this is happening even today - in some ways it has gotten even worse since the western world decided to wage a 'war on fat ' ( to quote paul campos ) - and even at best it is lazy film-making .
those of you who remember ryan starr from american idol know why she quickly became " has been " material for vh1 's the surreal life . ryan starr also happens to be the worst actress i have ever watched on film , television and or commercials . the director must have agreed with me becaue there are very few shots of ryan that last more than 10 seconds at a time . her dialogue is kept short and simple , and when she does have more than 3 lines at once , the complete lack of feeling , expression & emotion in her voice makes you consider turning off the movie and doing something worthwhile , like cleaning out the fridge or picking at your hang-nails . that is all i can say , i would really like to put this movie behind me and never speak of it again
whatever else the gltb community may find laudable about this waste of a video disk , the undeniable fact is that the cover blurbs coyly and disingenuously suggest that it is a comedy , and that is a boldfaced lie . featuring world famous funny man dom deluise , the movie is described as what happens when he casts real life lesbians in the roles of two on-stage lesbians...and " sparks fly . " as it is , the only sparks that probably flew occurred when someone with greater sense tried to set fire to the master reels and destroy this boring piece of tripe . from the movie 's self-proclaimed description , and with deluise in a major role , the comic possibilities that suggest themselves to the potential viewer are endless : does deluise know that the actresses are lesbians ? do the production 's other members ? does that derail the production ? what mayhem ensues ? in point of fact , however , the single attempt at " comedy " comes from deluise 's portrayal of the director as a prissy , fastidious old queen , pampered and catered to by his boy-toy assistant each time he gets the vapors and overheats . the bulk of the movie is essentially dull documentary monologue , as the " actresses " explain to the camera their respective experiences in being cast in the roles of on-stage lovers . unfortunately , there is nothing endearing or even slightly interesting about either character and the result is a great bore . the few flashback scenes where the viewer actually sees the two characters practicing their on-stage roles under deluise 's fevered direction come across as uncomfortably voyeuristic . there is an inescapable feeling that the camera , the viewer , and deluise , are intruders . about the only thing that can be said about this film is that director lee friedlander mercifully eschewed the usual hollywood practice of casting preternaturally beautiful women in the lead roles , thereby adding at least a touch of reality to this otherwise banal effort ; the lead actresses look like just any two women off the street . other reviewers have commented on the bad , infomercial level acting of the two lead characters . whether or not that is accurate depends upon whether the leads , robin greenspan and lacie harmon , are actually lesbians simply playing themselves . if so , then this is bad acting . if the women are straight , however , one has to at least give them credit for convincing performances . sadly , there is not much other credit to be given to anything else about this film .
normally i love documentaries . i 've watched hundreds of them and with one exception i have loved them all . however , outfoxed is the single most boring film i have ever seen . a relentless rant against rupert murdoch 's cable news station , this film could possibly interest someone who is singlemindedly obsessed with fox news , but i can not imagine that anyone on earth is interested enough in fox news to remain awake while watching this movie . watching outfoxed makes me realize what a genius michael moore is . whether you love him or hate him , whether you agree with him or not , you have to admit his films are entertaining . this film , however , is a major bore . - regina mcmenami
to be honest with you i thought the movie was really bad . the acting was ok but the only good part about the movie was that ricky ( rodney eastman ) was in the movie . ( for about 5 mins ) but i would not suggest renting this movie and waisting 4 dollars
" con express " has lots of action in it , which is great because this hides the poor writing and uninteresting characters . unfortunately , the action is n't enough , and in between stunt pieces and shoot-outs , the audience is tempted to doze off . city heat productions is n't really known for producing films of the highest quality , so usually i go easy on them . if this were a big-budget company producing this , i 'd be inclined to pan it entirely . but i was n't expecting much and got a little more than i bargained for . the action is , for the most part , pretty good but nothing competitive with your usual dumb action movie . flanery and vosloo are perfectly casted , but everyone else seems to stiff to add any more flow to the movie . vosloo especially appears to be enjoying himself as an over-the-top bad guy hijacking a train containing deadly chemicals . the film moves fast and contains shades of better movies like under siege 2 , con air , spy game , and speed . if you liked those , you probably wo n't mind this one too much . just go easy on it
i was trying to think of the best short description of what this is . sure it 's a propaganda film but that does n't mean much to most people . however , most people have seen attack ads around election time . that 's what this is , a very long political attack ad , full of all the things we commonly see in such ads : distortions , sarcasm , scary close ups , mood music , mocking tone , glaring omissions , out of context quotes , etc . that said , the most rewarding review so far must be the one by at " dl " ( new york ) , who basically condemns michael moore as pro-bush because fahrenheit 9/11 does n't say bush engineered 9/11 himself . what 's next ? a review that condemns at " dl " ( new york ) as pro-bush because his review did n't say that bush flew the planes himself ? or that bush is an alien who gave birth to saddam and osama on a ufo ? just when you think you 've seen the craziest conspiracy theory . .
the dvd for &quot ; the golden coach&quot ; is for the most part fine , but the final minutes , which are crucial to the full impact of the film , are ruined by deplorable mastering . the scene appears to be out of focus and the colors are washed out to the point of barely being able make out what is happening . i believe criterion made some kind of mastering error , because martin scorsese 's introduction to the film explicitly refers to the wonderful restored ending of the film . criterion should withdraw the dvd and offer a replacement
i was very disappointed with steve 's performance . eventhough it took a lot out of him to refrain from swearing , his material towards the end of the show began to dwindle to the point that it just became plain ignorant , especially in the part where he was expressing how he would " kill someone " , etc. , and gloating bout it . after i bought it , i later caught it on a cable network . god may not be " through with him yet " , but it will be up to him ( steve ) to repent on his own . this may be good humor for a more complacent christian audience
wasted talent . none of the characters are believable in the roles they are portraying . some funny stuff . craig ferguson can do better . charlotte church should stick to singing as acting is not her forte . every thing in this movie seems forced and there is no chemistry between the characters
i have been a le carre fan until the end of the cold war . i somehow still managed to follow him later for some time . but now it is over , definitely . i disliked this novel , and the movie is obnoxious . rachel weisz is quite ridiculous in her part . which idiot nominated her for her oscar is beyond the point . zellweger got an oscar for an even more horrible performance recently , in the otherwise quite acceptable cold mountain . and even the otherwise great blanchett had to turn in an awful performance in the aviator to get one . ( why can these nice girls not get one for one of their good movies ? ) my conclusion : this world is strange . it has no idea what is good and what not .
completey and utterly unfunny performances by oldman and roth . stoppard may be a brilliant playwright but a filmmaker he is not , having botched a great potential for his play on the big screen . we get instead a literal and utterly uncinematic treatment of his much-touted play . watching the first fifteen minutes of " heads , heads , heads , heads , heads , heads , heads , heads , heads , " is colossal torture , like status elipticus . it 's suited to the stage maybe but can never play well on the big screen . having hopes it might pick up , that was dashed as the entire film seem to lack any momentum or any type of cinematic sensibility whatsoever . a classic blunder of failing to recognize two different mediums . do n't take my word for it , watch it yourself and see .
susan ward,coming out of daytime and primetime soaps on tv , gave movie acting a try with this rather lame picture from aol films . director mary lambert tries and fails to give us a basic instinct story with zero script and while this was a studio pictures , it looks like warners gave them a fairly low budget to work with . as the lack of film sets show . if you like susan ward , then give this a movie a try , if you want to hope that she gets better film roles in the future , don " t find it here
i ordered these , and several other movies from the tyler perry collection , only to find that they were not actual movies but on-stage plays . i returned them and was charged a high restocking fee . not ok ! no where in the description was mention of them being stage plays . i will order my cd 's and dvd 's from another source in the future .
this is a pure rip-off from the cover of aerosmith 's live bootleg album from 1978...where 's the shame ? too bad twilight are not original enough to come up with their own cover . in another words , this dvd is pretty suck and the originality here is nowhere to be found...especially on the cover art that they stole from a much bigger band .
shame on talented actors like maura tierney and jerry orbach for their involvement in this laughably bad mystery movie . uninspired direction with a trite and convoluted script combine with terrible acting to make a movie that has little to recommend it . " star " /co-writer john romo is one of the worst leading men to come around the bend in some time , and this is his only film , and i can see why . he plays a private investigator who finds himself looking into the murders of several lingerie models whose underwear was designed by tierney , who also works in a local factory run by orbach . dennis christopher shows up as a seedy illegal alien investigator ; and june lockhart and lyle waggoner lend their names to supporting roles as tierney 's estranged parents . the movie professes to make some statement on the poor treatment of immigrants but it 's so shoddily included , it makes no statement at all . little heard of movie ; i can see why
cesar milan , the so-called 'dog whisperer ' , bases his training methods on a dog behavior model that is so out of date as to be archaic - from the dinosaur age . he teaches that dogs base all their behavior on their pack status , and that you need to use painful 'corrections ' to convince them that you are alpha . this idea has n't the slightest shred of evidence going for it . yes , dogs do have dominance roles , but that has n't the slightest thing to do with problem behaviors . dogs do 'bad ' doggy behaviors because they work . dog guards his food bowl ? dog wants to keep food and knows that growling keeps you away . dog pulls on the leash ? dog wants to get somewhere faster and knows that pulling speeds things up . the dog does n't care whether or not you 're alpha ; he only cares that what he 's doing works to get him what he wants . technically , cesar 's methods work . but they use force , fear , and pain to teach the dog , when you can teach the same things faster with the proper positive motivation and non-forceful techniques . i have three hyper , active , highly driven border collies , and they 're all very obedient and mannerly . they do n't haul me around the leash , nor do they leap at guests , nor do they ignore me when i tell them something . and i do n't need to be 'alpha ' to get them that way ; neither does anyone else . i strongly suggest that you do n't buy this item . good books to start with are karen pryor 's 'getting started : clicker training for dogs ' , melissa alexander 's 'click for joy ! ' ( also with a great problem solving section ) , and jean donaldson 's 'the culture clash' . you can easily have a happy , obedient , well behaved dog without causing him fear and pain
i agree , these were not used in the first two seasons for a good reason , they are not that good . ok , there is maybe one or two slightly funny sketches but it is not worth buying . i love charlie murphy and the ashy guy and i think they could have done more with these guys to make it funny . dave , come back to tv
the sound on this dvd is absolutely horrible . the dialogue is at a much lower volume than the music and sound effects , making it impossible to view without constantly tinkering . i also have the vhs , on which the sound is perfect , so i can still watch this wonderful movie . but i would sure like to get my money back for the dvd
this review is more about the " superbit " transfer of the movie to dvd than the movie itself . the movie itself is great and i highly recommend it . however , the transfer on to this 2002 " superbit " version is very lacking in several areas . the superbit idea is a good one that is poorly executed on this transfer . the original intent was to maximize video and audio quality by limiting or even eliminating extra features ( like trailers , documentaries , featurettes , and " making-of " snippets ) to reserve space such that the movie can be presented in the highest quality . they have failed to do that here . the video and audio quality are not what they could be . first , the movie is encoded onto a dvd-9 rsdl disc . this means the dvd is capable of storing 9.5 gb of data . however , not even 6 gb is used . as a result , the video and audio quality is not what it could be . " panic room " is a 112 minute movie . any movie that is 2 hours long or less should be able to easily fit on a dvd-9 disc at maximum encoding rate , provided no extra features are placed on the disc . the maximum video encoding rate to fit a 2 hour ( or less ) movie onto a dvd-9 disc is 9.8 mbps . however , this superbit version averages only 6.5 mbps . this superbit version offers audio encoding in 3 types : dolby 2.0 surround 192kbps , dolby digital 5.1 , and dts 5.1 . at first glance this is great news , until you discover that the dts encoding is n't as high quality as it could be . the dd 2.0 surround is presented at a bitrate of 192bkps as expected . so is the dd 5.1 at the expected 384kbps rate . dts 5.1 can go as high as 1536 kbps , but on this disc is presented at only 768 kbps . this is unsatisfactory given the fact that one-third of the available disc space of the dvd-9 is n't even used . the dts encoding rate should be at least 1024 kbps for a movie like this . this would represent a 33 % increase in filespace for the audio portion , but a much larger increase in audio quality to the human ear . the filespace increase would be only about 256 mb , which is very reasonable when you have over 3 gb of space not even being used . if they had encoded " panic room " on this superbit disc at an average video bitrate of 9.5 mbps , and removed the trailers and features , they would have had enough space to present all three audio encodings above , especially the dts 5.1 encoding at the 1024 kbps rate i stated . such an encoding process would have used 9.4 gb of the 9.5 gb of available space . a much better way to fill up the dvd-9 disc and adhere to the spirit of the superbit ideal . the result would have been a movie encoded to dvd-9 at a much higher video and audio quality than what was presented on this disc . i notice that they will be offering a repackaged superbit version in october 2006 . hopefully that version will fix the flaws i just mentioned and present the movie in the highest encoding rate both video-wise and audio-wise . it might even offer the better dd-ex 6.1 and dts-es 6.1 audio encodings for that extra rear center channel that many a/v receivers can process now . another thing i am noticing is that many times , for popular movies , they are released them in 2-disc editions . the first disc contains only the movie and the second disc is all the extra stuff . if the movie contains both dd and dts encodings on the first disc , with a very high video bitrate of 9.0 mbps or greater , it is already in the superbit mold .
i got nothing to say . was this supposed to be intense ? was this supposed to be a thriller ? it was boring . horrible acting , except for forest whitaker : but even he could n't save this one . pure fincher ? pure trash . horrible , horrible , horrible . quite possibly one of the worst movies i 've ever seen . i am just too upset to type , i ca n't believe i actually waisted my time with this
terrible direction , terrible writing , it almost feels like the director did n't know what he was working with . although this movie wanted to be in the same race and quality of the movie clue , it fails to realize that the plot and characters are incredibly riculous and not funny ha ha but funny stupid . it was a total watse of good celluloid
the film deserves 5 stars but the dvd only gets 1 . why : no letterbox format . after waiting years for this fabulous film to come out on dvd , why would they give us full screen / pan & scan ? yes , the quality and color are great but oh , what we 're missing on the sidelines
many people had reccomended this movie to me but it failed to live up to its reputation . the quality of the film-making was aweful , the acting bad to the point of utter ridiculousness , and the script read like a cross between a psychotherapists analysis and one of those pulp romance novels about angsty teenagers . it gets some credit toward the end for showing some self-awareness of how silly and dramatic the whole thing was . there were some cute moments , and it was interesting to see the humble roots of one of the big l word ladies , but do n't go into this movie expecting a highly polished end product
i love leslie nielsen , but this movie is not funny . his better movies are wrongfully accused and the naked gun movies
" the hospital " as well-crafted as it is is a wholly unpleasant viewing experience . it is not so much a dark comedy but a mean-spirited one . i was a fan of paddy chayefsky 's " network " and at least that film had a little bit of light to compensate for the darkness . i 'm led to believe that chayefsky must have had a bad experience with the medical profession and this resulted in him skewering it as a whole . if george c.scott 's character is supposed to be the voice of reason why is it that when he 's not brooding , drinking , or contemplating suicide he 's off on some rant ? diana rigg is completely wasted in this film . her whole purpose here seems to be to sport a short mini-skirt and be ravaged by scott 's character . the film is also not helped by the lead-footed direction of arthur hiller . the medical profession can be lampooned but do n't look for it in this uneven tirade of a film
i live in south africa where the series appeared 20 years ago.thanks to amazon i was able to relive the wonder of archie bunker where each episode provides laughs from one of the family,each of whom is brilliantly cast.i have series 3&4 and now want 1&2.do n't wait any longer,24 episodes of absolute delight await you
betty hutton has a colossal amount of energy . she seems to be doing everything she possibly can to be entertaining . she 's a good sport about a funny but unflattering getup in her early hayseed numbers . her voice is sturdy , durable , indestructible . but oh my god , her acting choices ... she and the indians are stampeding around with performances far too broad for the medium of film ( whereas buffalo bill , allegedly a larger-than-life character , looks like a corpse by comparison , and howard keel , in only his second film , must manage to act like these are human beings he 's relating to ) . take a look at betty hutton 's reaction upon seeing howard keel for the first time -- the mugging would be considered " a bit much " if seen from the back row of an amphitheater . at best , her performance is clownlike ; at worst , it 's apelike . little of her performance overlaps with what we know as humanity . it 's a magnificent effort , and a stunning testimony to her desire to please , but her comedy has no reality , no nuance , no connection to any sincere emotion . she seizes on " hick " and drives that into the ground , then she plays nothing but " infatuated " for a while before toggling to " resentful " and so forth .. . it 's a series of masks and set pieces , but it 's not a character . judy garland was in sad shape at that point in her life , but even then she would have been able to find the vulnerability flickering behind annie 's rootin'-tootinest moments , and she would n't have neglected annie 's grit even in the melting sentimental scenes . nobody can do vulnerability like judy , and yet few are identified so strongly as survivors -- both qualities that would serve this character . annie could be a wonderful character , a great self-conflicted mess of strength , longing , guts , femininity , skill , naivete and worldiness , all trying to cohere into a woman who can win her man -- but instead betty hutton makes her a pop-eyed , crude cartoon with the subtlety of an iron skillet . i am surprised that hutton did n't insist on doing the role with a couple of teeth blacked out . maybe they just would n't let her . the scenes where she tries to read out loud are compelling for the way they illustrate someone playing for a cheap laugh , oblivious to any further potential the character and situation might provide . i kept replaying scenes over and over in awe before moving on , and the memory of betty hutton 's performance is branded on my brain , but it 's because this performance seems like it 's following the traditions of some other culture , some other world . it 's like going to a sideshow . that said , the tunes are a non-stop parade of hits -- there probably is n't any other show in which the composer so successfully nails so many numbers one after another , in wildly different styles , with effective melodies worth remembering . the classic tunes just keep coming . the movie works as spectacle and songfest , and as a startling specimen of what audiences would swallow in the days before political correctness . but if you 're looking for a portrayal of a woman with genuine feelings and motivations , you might be distracted by the gorgeous blonde chimpanzee who steals all her scenes .
i have to disagree with the reviews above and say that i watched this movie on dvd having watched it as a kid twenty years ago . unfortunately i could n't find anything about this film i remember enjoying . it 's a cross between the blob , the thing and a really crap detective movie . moriarty 's character is pretty smooth but the film culminates in a farce reminicent of an 80 's kiddy movie . this film is definetly not for intelligent adults and you 'll lose interest halfway through i guarantee it . no suspense , few laughs , and way to hokey to watch twice . if you love this movie you need to get out more .
michael moriarity is my hero ! he is just one of the coolest actors in my opinion . he has done such great b-movies as this , q , and it 's alive 3 : island of the alive . how awesome is he ? ? anyways , i think that this movie was hilarious ! i think a lot of people take this movie too seriously , thinking that it is going to be your typical movie . but you should n't because not only is this a b-movie , but it is supposed to be funny . my favorite part is when " the stuff " started bubbeling out of the ground and that old hick guy just starts eating it . who would do that ? ? i just started laughing by butt off when that happened . so if you watch this movie , just sit back and enjoy it for what it 's worth , do n't be too critical on it . what i learned from the stuff : dairy products are evil ! especially if they come from with in the earth ! if you like the stuff , i recommend : watching other b-movies , such as island of the alive 3 , zombi 3 and 4 , etc
i love jeff goldblum , but he did n't carry this film . the film was ruined for me the second julane moore ( yuck ! ) and the ridiculous , lame token black daughter of goldblum showed up no doubt to satisfy nauseating political correctness in hollywood all at the expense of this bust of a film . it 's obviously too much to ask for a white protagonist to actually have a white daughter . what a concept . it just added to the disbelief of the characters ( stay goldblum ) , the storyline , and the ultimate letdown of this much anticipated sequel . jurassic park iii was n't much better
i am a big fan of frank miller 's work and i loved reading the graphic novels the movie was adapted from . when i saw this film i was blown away by the visuals . it had an amazing graphic style that was very different than anything i had seen in a movie before . having mentioned it 's good points i have to say i was enormously disappointed with the dialogue and some of the story adaptation to screen . it seems to me those involved in the screenplay and production were too concerned with adapting this in an overly faithful manner from the graphic novel to the big screen . for the most part the bad dialogue and some of the terrible acting in parts were just too painful to sit through . i had to keep checking to see if my ears were bleeding yet . each extraordinarily bad line or horribly acted sequence made we wince like i was being mugged . what works in a graphic novel does n't necessarily work as well when adapted directly to screen without a bit more adaptation than you 'll see here . all the characters were severely and tragically 2-dimensional with none of the depth you get from reading the graphic novel and very little attention was paid to developing better dialogue suitable for a big screen experience . also , many of the big name actors in this movie were capable of much better performances than they displayed here . purists and rabid fans of the graphic novel may be capable of somehow finding a way to look past all the terrible acting and awful dialogue that is rife throughout the film . however , my bottom line opinion is it 's a good film to watch for the visual look only , but you will almost certainly enjoy it far more if you keep the 'mute ' button on . this film had the potential to be truly great but it is extremely disappointing that it fell so far short of that mark
incredible does describe this movie- incredibly bad ! this movie does n't know what it wants to be . at times one can see attempts to recreate and milk the genuine rage and drama of " mississippi burning " or the anger and impunity of " ghosts of mississippi " , or a hybrid of those and bits and pieces of other movies of this genre . at other times it looks like its just trying to draw from the sex appeal and cheesy interaction of 2 of its main actors , matthew mcconaughey and sandra bullock . as a result this movie picks up the rear in that genre 's list of movies for lack of originality , and the scattered hodge podge statements it tries to make . some of my favorite actors are wasted , either by being given cliched dialogue , over acting , or being put there merely for their brand name with no script to support their presence . if this script is considered a great adaptation of a great book , then i have no interest in reading the book . i 'm sure the idea and the premise looked good on paper . but the direction does n't guide the story with any coherence or identity of its own . bullock is mere cheesecake and is unbelievable in her role , proving she 's only worthy of b-grade " miss congeniality " type crud . mcconaughey over acts so much ( as can be said for keifer sutherland and others ) that it can be said he balances out the under acting of patrick mcgoohan , kevin spacey and donald sutherland . samuel l. jackson should be ashamed of himself of not only his worst performance ever , but also easily his worst choice of movies to participate in . even the extras in this movie are horrible . enough ca n't be said about the terrible direction in this movie , equating elongated facial shots with drama to a fault , making sergio leone westerns look much more authentic by comparison . this is not " a powerful film . " it 's a powerful attempt at using a big name cast , a brand name book and a capable director to use material that they know would easily jerk the emotions of its audience , and in doing that they resort to all the cliches of this genre scattering the story line in so many directions , culminating in an over the top , pleading hunk of cheese summation scene by mcconaughey that would n't hold water in any real court of justice . maybe people claim greatness to this movie out of guilt , or because they have n't seen quality comparisons and classics like " mississippis burning , " that has both a great script and fabulous acting . i do n't know . all i know is it tugs from so many hokey directions it takes the final scene to remind everyone how it started . among the top of my most over rated movies
unless you enjoy movies that are not funny , not scary , and have the worst actors this side of rodeo clowns , do not watch this series of horrible flicks . putrid ! not even " so-bad-it 's-funny " . absolutely the worst films in the history of mankind ! heed my warning ! sucks ! !
i actually saw this movie when i was 7 and it freaked me out abit , but i mean the brother was basically a blob with a face and the story was as bad as the acting . the ending was garbage and it had nothing to offer in todays world.dont even rent this , i dont even know why you are considering the film . i only give it a 2 star rating because t managed to scare a seven year old and i havent forgot how dumb the film was since .
i read some good reviews about this movie . in adition , i respect french 's cinema , they usually gives us interested and unconventional movies . so , i bought " spanish apartment " . a big dissapointment . hughe one . it 's candid , it 's " naive " , it 's boring , with poor ideas , poor acting , very predictable . there 's a lot of good movies around you , do n't waste your time in this one
bette midler and woody allen together would make one think of a movie that is very funny and pleasing . instead here we get one that has more romance and drama than comedy as bette and woody play a couple who is celebrating their wedding annivesary as their children have both left for school . they also discover that they have been cheating on one another . the movie gets boring rather fast as bette and woody are the only ones we get to see as there are very few supporting characters . i would have expected better from these two
....for several reasons . apparently , the other online reviewers are extremely over-analytical in their critiques of this film . the dvd 's jacket has a quote from rolling stone... " think 'sex and the city ' with men ! " well , i say , " think again . " as an avid watcher of " sex and the city " , this film has little if any comparison to satc . firstly , this film is not a comedy . there were very small instances when i kind of chuckled , but could barely muster a real laugh . actually , towards the end of the film there is so much constant screaming and fighting that i kept hitting fast forward on the remote ( those of you who regularly depend on reviews for movie choices know exactly what i mean here ! ) . the characters are presented in a confusing fashion with only snippets and glimpses into each person 's life . these disjointed glimpses do n't give the viewer time or depth to care what happens to any of the spoiled rotten characters . yes , they are all bored whether they are in their 30 's or their 50 's . yes , they all want to break away from the mundane by running away or having affairs . i usually enjoy movies with this breaking-away-from-boredom type of plot for example...pane e tulipani ( bread and tulips ) , facing windows ( also starring giovanna mezzogiorno and a much better film ) , under the tuscan sun , shirley valentine , a month by the lake , etc . the last kiss does not deliver anything near what these other films do , however . the viewer is left with no warm feelings about life 's decisions , only a twist ending that will make you furious and sick for having spent two hours watching this film
i was unfortunate enough to have stumbled across this in 2004 . i was thinking it would be a good sit down and watch type of movie , but it was really lackluster . the acting is wooden , the script is very lame , and worst of all , the action is n't very exciting . i expected a much better movie from director richard donner . there is a battle scene , and there are action scenes , but they just are n't exciting . when the action is n't exciting , you better have a good story . the story here is alright , but certainly not enough to save the movie . i do n't hate any of the actors , they are decent when they have something to work with . here they had nothing to work with , so they obviously did n't do too well this time . this really is n't worth your time . i gave this to the thrift shop after i got it , and i feel sorry for the person who bought it there
this movie was awesome ! ben stiller is a comic genius , he 's the new jerry lewis ! deniro , awesome ! hoffman , awesome ! streisand , awesome and still very sexy for an old liberal ho ! i thought the sight gags were priceless , and the plot line serene ! this was hollywood movie watching heaven ! this film should have won some academy awards ! i mean if marisa torme can win for my cousin vinnie , these a-1 actors should 've at least been nominated ! this is a highly entertaining film , and i recommend it to every and anyone to see , but wear your depends , because you might pee yourself from laughing so hard ! dubya 99 , you do n't know what in the friggin ' h e l l you 're talking about ! yeah like we 're suppose to take the opinion of an anti-social loser , that complains about going out to the movies ? stay home , i 'm sure dateline nbc will be calling soon about that episode they had recently
this truly is a horrible movie . 7 seconds , huh , yeah 7 seconds to realize i made a mistake in renting it . the acting is horrible , the plot is horrible , the filming is horrible... everything is horrible ! i was hopeful because of snipes , which is why i rented it despite not ever seeing the movie anywhere before in the theaters . the guy at the store even told us that he was told it was a good movie ! snipes could n't even do the fight scenes and make them look real . the ending is a car chase that ends so abruptly that you suddenly see them sitting next to a pond behind their house completely in love ! huh , they were a romantic interest ? they hinted at it , but never showed this happening . do not rent or buy this movie . stay away , or you will be sucked into it shaking your head wondering why you rented this movie
i loved the original movie , and i love johnny depp so i thought this movie would be awesome.wrong wrong wrong ! ! first of all , the child actors were horrible , well the charlie and mike characters were ok , but the two girl actors were the worst i 've seen in a long time . and what did they do to johnny depp ? he was so creepy and weird . i took my nine year old to see it in the theater , and even she almost fell asleep . if you really want a treat watch the original with gene wilder
the books are witty and charming . this , in stark contrast , is formulaic schlock . americans -- and much of the world 's consumers -- prefer their entertainment predigested so it does n't require chewing , so they consume the same nutritionless movieland cliches endlessly . in the land of limitless equality , everything is reduced to equal tastelessness . if you want impart the capacity for discernment to your child , you could start by avoiding this twaddle . the eloise books are special , while this movie is mere product
when i purchased this dvd , i was hoping to get the complete picture- an unbiased presentation . from scratch i could sense what was to come . bad presentation coupled with one sided propaganda forms the crux of this dvd . it is not well researched and very important issues have been completely omitted . what little was discussed appeared to be very tainted . i definitely did not expect national geographic to come up with this kind of a dvd . i will definitely think ten times before i purchase anything from them . maybe they should just stick to wildlife/geography/ecology and leave history/religion/spirituality alone
though i 'm still a big south park fan , i do think that the quality of the show has progressively declined over the past three seasons . this season has its standouts , most notably the truly demented christmas critters episode , but it also has incredibly lame episodes like the dance off and election episodes . to make matters worse , matt and trey put next to no effort into providing any extras for fans who pony up top dollar for the dvd collections . a show like the simpsons not only has more episodes per season and sells for the same price but the people involved in the simpsons go the extra mile to satisfy fans : full episode commentaries with writers , producers , directors , voice actors , etc as well as deleted scenes and other special features . matt and trey provide generally uninteresting " mini commentaries . " no doubt about it , the boys are just generally " phoning it in " at this point , seemingly caring only about continuing their franchise and maximizing their profits for as little effort as possible
i hear this is a good movie , but ca n't play it as the dvd is visibly damaged . so what about quality control ? this disc should never have gotten out the door , but the odd thing is , i ordered 2 dvd 's from amazon - different titles , both damaged . are you guys buying 2nds and pawning them off on us ? " f
i usually trust amazon reviewers on movie reviews , but this time ....no way ! this silly , totally predictable film left us playing with the cat for our evening entertainment , hoping the movie would liven up . sadly , it did n't . to those who rave about the film...you must be in another dimension or something . thumbs down .
i liked the shows when the 1st ran on tv ; the unrated did n't quite live up to my expectations
another product of hollywood 's " karaoke culture " . in an age where we see cinematic remakes of every kind , we have in " u-571 " an outrageous attempt to borrow from the success and acclaim of " das boot " . but instead of a gripping war drama that reveals the tragic waste of war , we get a cheap flag-waving pile of hollywood propaganda . the lighting , camera angles and claustrophobic set are obviously inspired by db . but the bigoted innacuracies ( german submariners machine gunning helpless sailors ) and absurd scenarios ( an incredibly lucky stern shot sinks a destroyer in hot pursuit ) put this ridiculous movie in its own category . u-571 is just another thin , over-promoted , throw-away movie you 'll forget the day after you see it
sat down and saw this one on televion . only good service was that now i know buying the dvd would be a waste of money . what was actually achieved by the british is portrayed as an american achievement . slanders the u-boat men portraying them as heartless marauders . other than allied propoganda pieces , there are no incidents of u-boats machinegunning people in lifeboats . the movie itself i have little respect . basicly plotless and unrealistic . action scenes unbelievable . characters two dimensional . this film awful .
sure , this movie is a classic . but is it any good ? frankly , i found it to be tedious in the extreme . it 's certainly pleasant to look at . the sets are quite amazing , and the cinematography is absolutely beautiful . the story ( as described in detail in many other reviews here ) has potential as both a thriller and a thought-provoking essay ( ultimately it is neither ) . the acting is top notch , as are all of the special effects . those of us who cut our teeth using teletype machines always get a kick out of seeing them in all their anachronistic glory . in fact , all of the computer stuff is believable for the era and pleasantly nostalgic . but the whole thing never rises to its premise . its " thriller " aspect is artificial and not tied to the central plot line , and entirely predictable from the moment our friend is handed the only key that can stop the nuke ! the resolution is an afterthought ( a quick fix in the extreme ) , and barely even mentioned in about two lines of dialogue after the artificial danger is ( narrowly , whew ! ) averted . the characters are thin at best , and stock at worst . this movie is really a slow survey of what people in the early 70s thought technology would be like in the mid 70s . yawn . ( i must laugh at the whole bell/paper bit . it means nothing to the plot , and is the ultimate contrivance . )  if a deadly virus actually came back from space , there would certainly be action on many fronts , with plenty of interesting conflict to go around . some people would try to understand it , others would want only to kill it . there 's some potentially interesting tension right there . some people would argue to keep the danger hidden from the public , others would want to warn them . again , that could have been a good source of tension . someone would surely have suspected that the military wanted to harness it as a biological weapon ( mentioned in passing , but never developed ) , while others would try very hard to prevent that . more tension . i 'm just saying that this movie is littered with missed opportunities for something more than the collection of boring experiments and pointlessly slow-moving scenes which it actually contains . this movie is the poster child for boring science fiction , and it would not have had to be that way . i have n't read the book , but i bet it 's a lot better . at its core , this movie is a boring dud .
not only was the dialogue of the film trite and the plot much like a pornographic after school special , but the movie unfortunately reinforces a worldview which anti-homosexual groups been touting for years--if you 're thinking turning your female frienship into a relationship , do n't . the lesbian always goes crazy and dies in the end . if you 're interested in finding out what i 'm talking about , lisa duggan explains how this ideology gets transimitted and reinforced in her book sapphic slashers . also , if you 're interested in watching a film about first-time lesbian love , please do yourself a favor and check out the incredible true story of two girls in love or but , i 'm a cheerleader . support movies that actually advance queer causes instead of making all of us look like freaks
the shows themselves are wonderful , but the people who put together this dvd set should be ashamed of this paltry effort ! there are no cast or staff interviews about the ending of such a wonderful series . no commentaries . no english sub-titles . no john spencer honorarium of any kind . they did n't even take the time to include the 1 hour re-showing of the original pilot they aired before the finale ! the only " extras " are two not-special-at-all special features dealing with the debate . this dvd set is definately not worth the money to buy it brand new .
unfortunately this ms collection is not compatible with european dvd players . the cover of the dvd actually tells you this as well as that it is 'not for sale or rent outside the us and canada' . save yourself a lot of trouble and do n't buy this if you are from the eu !
cheesy instructor the instructor 's voice covers the music in the background which turns you off going on with the exercize , the music itself is monotonous and the beat is not inline with the moves . the instructor is too fast to follow..to cut it short i do not recommend this for anyone ..totally not professional
i have always like denise austin , however ; this was tape was way too fast for a beginner . i thought it was for beginner and on up . denise went way to fast and she did not explain the poses at all . i will not be using this tape . i was disappointed because normally i love her videotapes and her .
i hated this movie . so unrealistic . sure , maybe there are some little freaks running around raping and drinking and beating . but i am a teenager in a city . nobody acts like this ! what the hell is the point of this movie ? to scare the crap out of parents ? also , the rape scene was vile . at first i respected the director for showing it and not shying away . a full minute later , i started feeling awkward and uncomfortable . it was n't even artistic , it was just disgusting and truly disturbing
margarett mitchell must be rolling in her grave . she wrote a masterpiece in the 1930 's , then alexandra ripley bought the rights to her book by conning margaret mitchell 's heirs to sell out the legacy of their relative . alexandra ripley 's novel was an embarrasing pile of mush , even worse than a barbara courtland romance novel . beautiful costumes and a good cast - but the script is a soap opera and very poorly written with too many cliche 's . the tv movie version is even worse than alexandra ripley 's book . i would have given this movie zero stars - but gave it 2 stars solely for the world class acting of sean bean as the deliciously evil lord fenton . sean bean heats up the screen as a sexy , feral villian along the lines of " the man you love to hate " as an unsafe sex symbol . unless you are a sean bean fan , there is nothing worthwhile about this film . the script is trite , cliche 'd and very slow moving . sean bean is only in disc 1 and his character is eliminated and the movie slides downhill from there . disc 2 is overwrought with very boring , drawn out courtroom scenes...i was almost rooting that scarlett would be hanged for the murder just to see an end to this movie ! i 've always liked joanna whaley-kilmer and timothy dalton . they are excellent actors wasted in this pile of mush movie . ann-margaret 's performance as belle watling is so bad i wanted to slap her . do yourself a favor and watch the original gone with the wind starring clark gable and vivien leigh if you want to see a wonderful film
i 've loved this movie ever since i saw it on cbs years ago so i was really excited to own it on dvd . unfortunately the experience was ruined when i discovered that there are big sound problems on the second disc . loud popping sounds completely cover up the dialogue in an entire scene . i was very dissapointed . the movie is great but the sound problems are n't worth the purchase . stay away
the only thing that kept this from being absolutely predictable was that a dead bad guy did not spring back to life . i found myself saying " oh come on " to one plot point after another ( previous reviewers have covered these absurdities ) . the underlying scenario was unconvincing and un-involving ( previous reviews in this thread provide details )
the plot to this movie or so called sequal is horrible . i rented this movie expecting something good and i end up falling asleep . i actually had to watch it several times just to find out what really happened . do n't even buy it , it is a waist of your money
whatever ills are in the world , it 's all the fault of the corporations . that 's the basic premise of this terribly misguided one-sided and totally non-objective movie . for example , instead of saying how terrible it is for companies paying people in the developing world peanuts for their work , they forget that these people 's alternatives are even worse and that 's why they took that job in the first place ! these jobs provide them with one of the few options they have and , if they chose that job freely , it must be their best option , no matter how crazy it seems to us . as people 's skills rise , as opportunities increase over time ( by having more corporations and not less , to create more competition for these people 's labor ) , and as the country becomes wealthier , these people 's wages will rise automaticaly and in fact , the wages of the whole country on the average . there are no shortcuts to his . a famous story comes from nepal where anti-child labor laws , at the urging of the un , turned thousands of kids overnight into prostitutes as those jobs , as sad as it may be , were their best options to avoid starvation and feed their families . it 's a slow process , but all the industrialized nations went through that process . government-mandated " shortcuts " usually produce results which are even worse . however , the results speak for themselves : in very short period of time , for example , hundrds of millions of people were lifted out of poverty in china , india and around the world thanks for the " evil " capalism & its corporations . no other system has ever done it so quickly as in the past 15 years in china and india alone . also , cost of living is very low there , so these pennies really can go a long way , do n't measure it to the cost of living in the west . what is the filmmakers alternative they offer for these people ? i guess to let people starve to death , then the makers of this movie do n't have have anyting to complain about ! ? other examples of stupidity include showing that a company is like a person who 's a psychopath . a corpoartion is a legal entity yes , and may act like a separate " being " as far the law in concerned , but does a corporation have a nose , feet , stomach ? can it eat apples or sneeze or have arthritis ? of course , not , than how can you attach a human idea like a psychopath to it ? ? several of the main " spokepersons " in the movie , chomsky , michael moore , rifkin and others are renowned for their off-the-wall comments which frequently have no basis in any kind of economics or reality . to correct the inaccuracies in the statements made by these and other people in the movie , you 'd have to stop it every 5 minutes and explain to the audience how profoundly wrong the statements are . throughout the whole movie , you 're basically bombarded by one-sided arguments with very little of the other side presented , despite the director 's claim of the opposite 9they claim 1/2 & 1/2 , it 's more like 80 % -20 % ) . just look at chomsky 's comments about how the consumers are so stupid , they do n't realize that all the things they buy they do n't really need . i mean we do n't need fashionable clothes ( hey , let 's all dress as boring as chomsky ! ) , dvd players , or any new gadgets that make life easier or more fun . who is the judge of what you really need ? chomsky , of course . he is the final arbiter of what you really need or what you do n't . you 're too stupid to know what you want , according to him . he says that you should do " more important things " , like...perhaps studying lingistics ( which he teaches but which very few care about ) . the movie does make some correct and good observations , especially regarding polution , however , i 'd say that 80 % of the movie is factually and logically flawed . it 's also full of economic fallacies . it 's worth watching i guess , just to see how many errors one can make in just 1 movie . despite all the ranting in the movie , it fails to mention the biggest reason of most of the problems it brings up - too much governement interference is every facet of life . for examples , how could a government of brazil forbit the people of collecting rain water ! how could the u.s. government do so many things for private companies with public funds ? just forbid the governments from playing favorites with companies , forbid government corporate welfare of any kind , forbid subsidies to companies , cut the suffocating red tape and regulation ( esp . in developing countries but in the west too ) , cut corporate taxes to 5 or 10 % ( and see unemployment rate go to almost nothing , give people all around the world a better life , increase competition , etc . ) if these and other governments ( and not corporations ' ) problems were eliminated , the vast majority of all the problems which the movie brings up will simply go away . an interesing film for anyone to see how the truth can be twisted by mindless people with an agenda to go back to 15th century rural lifestile ( spoken about with much admiration ) , people with no understanding about economics , how the world really works and how to really raise the billions out of poverty who this movie does the biggest disservice for .
we saw the movie in the theatre and loved it . the dvd we just purchased was horrible . they chopped out so much of the movie it made it un-watchable . it is only good for a coaster under my drink now
she 's built like a 12-year-old boy... give me vida guerra anyday
i was thrilled when i first read that mlb productions was finally issuing a dvd version of highlights of the baltimore orioles ' three world series victories . i already owned the vhs versions , one of which ( the 1970 world series ) had a major flaw in the audio synchronization ( watching the last third of the highlights was like viewing a badly dubbed foreign film ) . finally , i could own all three highlights reels on one disc and without the sync error on the 1970 world series . much to my dismay , the mlb logo is permanently , and obtrusively , displayed on the upper right corner of all three programs . what 's that all about ? does mlb productions think i 'm going to illegally copy and distribute stills ? thank goodness i do n't own a plasma tv or i 'd be staring at that stupid logo for the next five years ! sound and picture quality are okay otherwise . but....that logo is really annoying
the movie directors in the me , particularly iranians , are responding to demands by the west for certain type of movies . they produce what is demanded from them ; in turn , they receive awards . cultural industry empowers these demands ; they are the ones who will ensure that such movies will be received the western audiences and they are the ones who decide who is awarded . there is no single me movie which depict the story of western imperialism in the me and then awarded for doing so . me movies must show that me women are in need of emancipation ; me cultures are presented as in need of getting civilized . civilization itself is presented in vertical sense ; there is a civilization somewhere out there all measterners are expected to reach ; yet , it was that same civilization that threw doll bombs on them . ( no reference to who threw them doll bombs or who mined their country ; who deprived them of education and knowledge . the west is represented by beautiful , blonde nurses , a nice american guy who just pretend to be a doctor and help them with his " everyday western knowledge of medicine " in the midst of total ignorance , and the helicopters that threw on them fake legs . such a nice way to civilize ! ) the story of afghanistan is real . however , the movie does not render a fair job in reflecting the background of it . rather , it does an excellent job in meeting the cultural demand ; in producing a product that can sell well . the situation is miserable ; but what caused such misery in afghanistan ? your answer after seeing the movie will be that it is islam ; it is that islamic culture ; that backward culture of those people with wonderful eyes . such a conclusion is strongly demanded in the absence of other factors . there is no single implying in the movie , a smallest reference , that afghanistan has suffered centuries old imperialism at the hands of the british and then the russian and now americans who played their great game on the chessboard of eurasia . there is a passage in the movie to the effect that somebody will come to liberate them . those imperialists came in the name of civilization ; french did to algeria , the british did to india ; all in the name of bringing them civilization . it was white man 's burden to do so . yet makhmalbaf needs more awards . he has to compete in the cultural circus and perform well for the pleasure of western audiences , in order to continue to be in demand . you did a nice job , applauses ; go on . ( anyone who is interested in cultural imperialism should read foucault 's works and edward said 's orientalism .
in the film commentary , director robert altman said he thought a really good film should leave people saying , 'i do n't know what it was about but i really liked it . ' ( that 's a paraphrase ) . and i think that 's the key to why this film is so bad : the director did n't know what it was about . the weird , atonal score by gerald busby was an annoyance throughout , often drowning out the dialog . it 's the kind of creepy music that comes in most horror movies just before the space aliens are going to appear , or in a psychological thriller , just as the nutcase is transforming into a psycho . only in this film , the creepy music played on and on . that was it . no nuances , no alteration , no variance , no imagination . just the same creepy atonal 'psycho ' music all the time . duvall and spacek did a good job but the writing and directing were abysmal . lots of shots where the camera stays on the actor for a loooong time , and dream-like sequences , conveying... mystery ? suspense ? drama what ? ah..i got it , they convey confusion ! that 's it ! the writer/director was confused ! a waste of talent , and a waste of my time watching it . it is one of those films i watched thinking it had to get better . it did n't .
this was a wishy washy attempt at the truth . the facts are there in parts and pieces , but it was not really put together well . some of the choices of material are questionable as being truly valuable to the topic . this dvd had an agenda and is not unbiased , and i think it failed at it 's overall agenda . there is more than enough information pre-9/11 and post-9/11 to put together something more worthy and accurate than this dvd has attempted to do . if this is the best contrasting evidence to the bush administration that can be produced after all that has happened in the white house and beyond , we are truly in trouble . the truth is out there , and i think this dvd tripped over them and kept walking without looking down and gathering all the facts together . there were plenty of important facts and things said worth listening to on this dvd , but this dvd is maybe worth a glance , but not a long hard look .
this man is like michael bay . using high speed action sequences and terrible casting and script writing , the fact that chris tucker appears in this and almost every movie that the man makes signals a trend to do these as not so much movies as they are music video comedys only it 's patheic and not funny , and that is also why the man who is now making x-men 3 will cause that movie franchise to die a quick death at the movies . the man is a joke
this movie is an insult to merely bad comedies . gee , another movie with a fast-talking , potty-mouthed , black guy ( hello eddie murphy ) who , because it 's perfectly fine in ultra-lib , pc hollyweird , calls charlie sheen ( and everyone else who is not black ) a host of nasty , racially-oriented names . the movie is a mess . let 's see . the protagonist ( tucker ) plays a con men who after being falsely suspected of being a cop-killer , is chased around by cops and the bad guys . the mcguffin is a sack of diamonds . sheen is supposed to be a co-star , but like most of his other movies , he sleepwalks through it . clearly this movie is meant to be a vehicle for tucker . the sceenwriters were obviously making it up as they went along . first " screenwriter " : " hey bob , what will we have tucker do next ? hey i know , let 's have a car chase and have him call some people some names " second " screenwriter " " hey , great idea fred , i sure do n't have any ideas " . apparently there are many people who think this guy is funny even though the movie is a rip-off of murphy the trickster flicks . basically the plot is tucker runs around dodging bullets and calling everyone a name . if that 's your idea of humor , i pity you .
this movie is so freakin stupid . yes its funny...but so very dumb . not good dumb ; bad dumb . terribly , painfully stupid . funny at times . best avoided or taken in small doses
i have only one question about this movie . and that is , why in the world did they change so many things that were in the book ? if you have n't read the book than you do n't know what i 'm talking about . but if you have , then you do . i ca n't even begin to explain how good of a movie this would 've been if it had been adapted correctly . half the time while watching this , i felt as if i was watching teletubies or something , the colors were so bright . if this movie had been placed in the correct time period with correct costumes , locations , characters , and details from the story,then everyone would love it . not just 5 year olds . it makes me so angry when i watch this movie . yes , its funny and charming but it is so embarrassing . everytime i loan someone the book , i have to explain to them that it is nothing like the movie at all . in fact , it is a hundred times better . more even . i am really disappointed . i just do n't get how gail carson levine would agree to all the changes that were made . if someone ever gets the courage to adapt the book into another movie , than i suggest they do it right . and if they do , then i 'll be very thankful . i just do n't get it . the book is soooooooooooooooooooooooooo much better . you would n't believe how much better it is . i am truely ashamed that this movie is even related in any way to the book . next time , please , please , do it right
first of all , 1 hour worth of workouts is not sufficient for 20 bucks . second of all , i missed the section that explained the requirement of a workout bench and dumbells to do most everything in the video so that was a pain . also , regardless of the fact that one girl does a beginners version of the excercises , it is still moderately difficult
saw this as an inflight movie . boy , did i pray for engine trouble , so we 'd have to land and i could get away ! sucks or what ? i liked smith in 'i , robot ' , 'independence day ' , etc , but this was awful . it 's a one-joke movie . problem is , the one joke was the one plastered all over the tv spots and trailers ( the jet ski incident ) . the highlights involved the subplot of him teaching a guy to be cool - wish that 'd been the main storyline instead - far , far superior ! will not be adding this to my wishlist
i can not get thru this one . i started fast-forwarding but there did n't appear to have any good spots . when i saw that christian cammpbell was in this , i thought , this has to be good . i had just finished a movie where he starred . ca n't remember the name of it . i guess a person should never buy a movie because of who stars in it . tori spelling is well known , but not to me . someone should have put her out of her misery right from the start . she does not play a flake very well , and i do n't know what to call her except a flake . i stopped this dvd in about the first 1/2 hour and will go back and give it another shot , but with tori spelling as one of the leads , i already know this one does not have a prayer . i would say ; save your money on this one unless you are under 13. i have a ton of straight and gay movies that tell a story and a couple or few that do n't . this one falls into this category . one that came with this one was " the broken hearts club " and while not my cup of tea it was far superior to this piece of garbage .
the fridays gang steals some diamonds . mike epps is not chris tucker no matter how hard he tries to be . his constant whinning is enough to ride my last nerve . plus , everything about the movie is just campy and just wholly unbelieveable that i do n't know where to begin . whatever you do do n't buy or rent this garbage-wait to catch it on tbs or something
wow . it 's rare i consider a movie absolutely horrendous , but this one qualifies . we are given absolutely no reason whatsoever to care for this guy , and halfway through this tedious excuse for a movie , i found myself yelling " die already " . when he does n't kill himself in the end , all i wanted to do was shove him face down in the ocean and drown him . a dumb stupid awful " indie " movie that is a waste of film , time and effort
im a huge fan of writer sean mcginly , his classics include venomous starring treat williams and sonic impact with ice-t. mcginly 's films are the topic of discussion at film schools all across the world , he is a renowned talent and i have to say that i was appalled when i saw his latest film two days . i think he should stick to writing as the film was virtually without direction and the cast ( which included hacks like paul rudd ) was not in the same league as superstars traci bingham and ice-t who have graced some of his previous work . please sean , stick to doing what you know best and stay away from the intellectual stuff , leave that to idiots like capra , wenders , scorcese etc . they are not in your league .
i rented this on a whim and it brought back a lot of memories from my 1970s days in elementary school . this video made its rounds in the public schools . the songs are catchy and the film quality is good . but make no mistake , this is propaganda aimed at children . i will not be showing it to my kids . despite the freewheeling title , the message is that girls will find happiness only if they mimic boys . case in point : atalanta , a princess , finds happiness when she competes with men in a footrace and when she rejects marriage so she can travel the world ( on her father 's horse ) . she also designs and fabricates rocketships in her spare time . juxtapose that story with another cartoon where a femine girl in a pink dress and curls is devoured by tigers when she follows the custom of " ladies first . " the tigers abide her request and throw her into a boiling cauldron . the narrator advises us that the boiling girl makes a very tasty meal . our " hosts " , infant puppets voiced by mel brooks and marlo thomas , are revolting . there should be a law against using mel brooks ' voice for a baby . apparently , i repressed memories of these creatures , but seeing them again brought back the horror . needless to say , i fast forwarded through the disturbing puppetry . overall , this dvd is fun for thirtysomethings but should be kept away from children
saw the previews of the first movie , but i was n't expecting too much from that . i tried to finish both the first and the second , but that did n't work out too well...i felt these films did n't deserved to be watched all the way to the end . i do n't know how some of y'all were able to sit through this poor excuse of a movie , and that includes the first . all i really have to say is you if you like this movie or maybe a better version of it...y'all should really consider watching cops and those insane police chases shown on tv . after all this is just another episode of cops with guest actors in it
ca n't remember when i 've seen a film with more depraved and pathetic characters than this . a has-been silent screen star who lives in a sinister dark house surrounded by a gzillion of her own photos and a weirdo butler essentially kidnap a holiday screen writer , down on his luck . the writer wanders onto what appears to be deserted property , and hides his car trying to escape a finance co . the threesome make the creepiest trio you could ever imagine . in one early scene they have a funeral , casket and all , for a monkey . yuk . gloria swanson was directed to play a woman who still thinks she can make a come back by writing her own script , though she despises movies that " talk " . she waves her hands about , and makes strange corny expressions with her face in every scene . she falls for the screen writer , william holden , and wo n't let him out of her sight . the film was made in 1950 , and swanson is supposed to be playing a woman of only 50 , not exacty over the hill ( if we look at many of today 's movie stars . ) but she 's treated in the film as though she much , much older . i thought she was supposed to be about 75 or so , but her age is mentioned towards the end of the film . my heavens , at 50 she could still be in movies , and from the amount of money she apparently had , did n't need to be living in such a dark , creepy house . film did n't make sense . sorry i bought it . it was ridiculous .
i just opened a box with a cesar millan book and this dvd . imagine my surprise . i do n't like the pairing of this book with cesar 's stuff either ! now i have an extra errand and cost to ship back . if anything like this ever happens again , there are other sites to order from online . i do n't want it to be too much work to browse and " study " the copy...i feel a bit cheated
director : gary fleder cast : michael douglas , sean bean , brittany murphy , skye mccole bartusiask , guy torry , jennifer esposito , shawn doyle , victor argo , conrad goode , paul schulze , lance reddick , famke janssen . running time : 113 minutes rated r for violence , including some gruesome images , and language . every fall , hollywood trots out their latest thrillers , attempting to cash in on the college crowd who wants to bring their dates to a dark theater and take advantage of the squeamishness of the content on the screen ; there is a hidden connection in the biting of nails and the changing of the leaves , yet without fail every year there are enough thrillers to keep manicurists in business . nothing sums up the quintessential fall thriller quite like " do n't say a word " , a suspense romp as routine as they come . diverting enough to fool you into a good time , " do n't say a word " makes one wish for a leap in time to the holiday oscar contenders already . dr. nathan conrad ( michael douglas ) is a successful psychiatrist with a beautiful wife ( famke janssen ) and a cherubic daughter . on thanksgiving morning , a group of bad guys , lead by patrick koster ( sean bean ) , break into nathan 's apartment and kidnap his daughter . what the men want is a jewel they lost 10 years earlier in a botched robbery that is being held in a secret place by elisabeth burrows ( brittany murphy ) , a mentally unstable young girl rotting away in a hospital . since nathan seems to be the only medical professional she trusts , patrick uses him as a pawn to recover the jewel . nathan is soon at the mercy of the kidnappers , but as he gets deeper into elisabeth 's mind , he realizes the young girl could be helped after all . it 's perfect casting to place michael douglas in the lead role , as no one could play yuppie paranoia quite like he can . douglas has perfected this type of performance into an art form with his work in " fatal attraction " and " a perfect murder ; douglas is a little more subdued than normal in this film , as his aging seems to be wearing away his ability to play the hot , rich stud who gets in over his head . the film does contain many moments of pure distressed douglas ( his forte ) , with his hair glistening , teeth clenched and his eyes scanning the room , etc . douglas , at least in the first act of the film , makes an attempt to carry the picture with his expected bag of tricks . soon enough , director gary fleder places too much narrative nonsense on douglas 's shoulders , and the actor eventually just gives up and lets the genre 's conventions take him to the safety of the end credits . director gary fleder is no stranger to the fall thriller game , having directed both " kiss the girls " and the rollicking " things to do in denver when you 're dead . " not really an imaginative director , fleder nevertheless can be counted on to get the job done . with " do n't say a word , " fleder is n't working with a particularly good script , so he falls back on what has worked for him before . this plan of attack from fleder leaves the picture stale and overtly familiar . the film is not interested in adding new elements to the plot to keep things at least appearing fresh . the end result making " do n't say a word " more boring than exciting . the thriller , which is set in new york city , uses the city and apartment locations well , creating a nice sense of claustrophobia . it is when the action suddenly leaves the confines of the city and moves to a cemetery in a nearby island that the picture loses quite a bit of tension and interest . moving to an obviously-a-soundstage cemetery ruins the fun of seeing the character freak out in their narrow apartments and office spaces . the film must end with a clichd showdown , which is the reason for the move to a different location , but fleder makes a big mistake taking the story away from the grip of the big bad city . the one element that fleder does get right is the casting of actress brittany murphy . a powderkeg of emotions , murphy is the perfect choice to play the deranged elisabeth . murphy is a grand talent ( where is her emmy for her voice work as luanne platter on " king of the hill " ? ) , and the only actress in hollywood that truly achieves success as both a tormented patient and a cute , little princess ( " just married " , " uptown girls " ) . unpredictable and bristling with untapped passions , murphy makes a vivid impression in " do n't say a word . " you 've seen this type of film before , and just because it 's the time of year when apples taste the best does n't make this barely alive thriller any more enjoyable . for fans of the genre , " do n't say a word " is another solid installment in the michael douglas versus new york crime saga . just do n't expect any surprises
what is the deal . cant hollywood leave well enough alone . how many classic animated movies are they going to ruin with sequels ? let me think , their was balto 2 , little mermaid 2 , aladdin 2 and three , secret of nimh 2 , land before time 2,3,4,5,6,7 etc . enough already . next thing you know they 'll be making a lion king 2 , and a buity and the beast 2 . o wait , they already did that did n't they . all the movies i have named were great originals but god awful sequels . adgth 2 is just as bad . if you loved the original , stay away from its sequal .
this movie is one of cinema history 's seminal examples of a soundtrack carrying a movie to success . " saturday night fever " from a few years before is another example , but that movie could actually stand on its own . jennifer beales ' torn neck sweater and table dancing routine aside , i do n't think this one could . i understand this movie is near and dear to the hearts of a lot of 80 's children , and i will agree this is one of the all-time great soundtracks of cinema . the problem is , the movie 's plot is a slow-moving , wasted opportunity . physically , beales is sexy enough to keep your attention , and her portrayal of working-class girl in a man 's job striving to express herself was a pretty novel idea when this movie was made . but her unsympathetic personality and mediocre acting undermine her character . come to think of it , the acting all around is a bit weak . but that 's not the problem . the movie suffers from two fatal let-downs . the first is the plot itself . feminism-affirming depictions aside , it 's pretty simplistic , unimaginative stuff , even for a dance movie . what 's worse is how slow it all moves . the drama sequences in-between dances drag on , straining your patience and sympathy for the character 's plights . the other more tragic flaw , since it is a movie about dance , is the cinematography . while it 's certainly not the worst cinematography ever , ( check out " the limey " next time you want a headache . ) the dance sequences look like they 've been salvaged from scraps on the cutting room floor . we 're supposed to be moved by beales ' character 's natural talent , but for most of the movie we never get to see her do much except walk and pose in a crazy mashup of bad edits . by the time the final dance scene finally comes along , the drama of her audition performance is ruined by drawn-out , bad editing . it almost seems the judges let her into juliard simply because she was able to stay in the air for longer than a minute . perhaps i 'm a purist for asking for good dancing onscreen to consist of more than rapid-fire editing . but if it 's a movie about dancing , one would think the least they could do is show dancing . many movies before and after flashdance managed to get this right ( " saturday night fever " certainly did , to its great success ) , but maybe nobody told this movie 's director . it 's a shame
believe it or not , i actually wanted to watch this movie . i 've seen almost everything else adrian lyne has done and respect his shallow talent enough to be interested in his early efforts . ( i watched _jacob 's ladder_ because i remembered an intriguing preview on a vhs cassette i watched as a kid and learning that it was a significant influence on _silent hill_ sealed the deal ; my girlfriend owns a copy of lyne 's version of _lolita_ ; _fatal attraction_ was a girlfriend induced rental ; i watched the tv version of _indecent proposal_ ; i have n't seen _9 1/2 weeks_ but i read the book . )  flashdance is also one of those pieces of pop culture that are so influential that you recognize references even if you 've never seen it . and i always wanted to hear the song " maniac " in its original context , so when i found it on an acquaintances shelf i popped it in . so , how was it ? not too bad . not great by any means , or even really that good ( _lolita_ and _jacob 's ladder_ are both quite good ) but interesting enough to keep me awake after a long day of work . the plot is a by-the-book " believe in your dreams " story with really lame dialog , but its development is intercut with extended dancing sequences that are so long and frequent that at times it felt like i was watching an abstract silent film . i do n't know squat about dancing , but the choreography seemed innovative , at least for its time . i ca n't even remember the names of the characters , but all in all , i have to admit that it was kind of neat . also , if you watch it with the subsequent 20 + years of movies in mind , _flashdance_ can be seen as sort of an omen of all bad things to come from hollywood : it 's a movie by a director whose only previous experience was in music videos and commercials , one whose screenplay was an early effort by hack joe esterhasz and was produced by jerry bruckheimer ! taken collectively these elements are probably responsible for about 60 % of all crap movies made since
this is one of the worst movies i have ever seen . the characters are unlikeable except for charity 's two friends . the songs are far too long and i had to fast forward through most of them because they were so dull . i was especially disappointed with big spender because i love the song and expected a spectacular dance number from bob fosse and all they did was stand there draped over the bar . the only redeeming factor was that sammy davis jr. was in it . he 's awesome even though the song was fairly stupid . this was my first shirley maclaine film and on the back it said that sweet charity was her best movie . i have no desire to see her other movies then
this is a remake of an affair to remember with cary grant and deborah and it does not work . some movies just should not be remade . the only thing good about this movie is katharine hepburn 's appearance . get the original
first of all , i am a joy division and new order fan ; therefore , i tried to like this . really , i did . sadly , this film stinks . the focus is not on the bands themselves , but on the obnoxious character known as tony wilson . what a monster ! either it was the actor 's depiction or he does truly have a horrid personality in real life . maybe i 'm not british , but i did not find 24 hour party people to be very funny . only a few scenes made me grin . the randomness added very little to the overall quality of the film . in addition , the camera work was very jerky . looked like it was done by a novice ( and yes , i 'm one myself , having made two movies )  the only redeeming aspect has to be the scenes with joy division . too bad the members of this band are minor characters . i can only hope that the biopic of ian curtis currently in production will be much , much better
talentless people and garbage music torture you in this turkey-in no time flat,you 'll be driven to pure insanity as you run screaming " make it stop ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! " out into the yard.do not spend money on this product unless you want to wind up beating your head against the wall and babbling nonsense
man ! this movie is soooooo boring . i literally slept through this movie . if i die not having watched it again ill be happy . i dont even know what its about cuz i watched it when i was like 5 yrs . old , but i dont care cuz just thinkin bout it makes me wan na cr
incredible does describe this movie- incredibly bad ! this movie does n't know what it wants to be . at times one can see attempts to recreate and milk the genuine rage and drama of " mississippi burning " or the anger and impunity of " ghosts of mississippi " , or a hybrid of those and bits and pieces of other movies of this genre . at other times it looks like its just trying to draw from the sex appeal and cheesy interaction of 2 of its main actors , matthew mcconaughey and sandra bullock . as a result this movie picks up the rear in that genre 's list of movies for lack of originality , and the scattered hodge podge statements it tries to make . some of my favorite actors are wasted , either by being given cliched dialogue , over acting , or being put there merely for their brand name with no script to support their presence . if this script is considered a great adaptation of a great book , then i have no interest in reading the book . i 'm sure the idea and the premise looked good on paper . but the direction does n't guide the story with any coherence or identity of its own . bullock is mere cheesecake and is unbelievable in her role , proving she 's only worthy of b-grade " miss congeniality " type crud . mcconaughey over acts so much ( as can be said for keifer sutherland and others ) that it can be said he balances out the under acting of patrick mcgoohan , kevin spacey and donald sutherland . samuel l. jackson should be ashamed of himself of not only his worst performance ever , but also easily his worst choice of movies to participate in . even the extras in this movie are horrible . enough ca n't be said about the terrible direction in this movie , equating elongated facial shots with drama to a fault , making sergio leone westerns look much more authentic by comparison . this is not " a powerful film . " it 's a powerful attempt at using a big name cast , a brand name book and a capable director to use material that they know would easily jerk the emotions of its audience , and in doing that they resort to all the cliches of this genre scattering the story line in so many directions , culminating in an over the top , pleading hunk of cheese summation scene by mcconaughey that would n't hold water in any real court of justice . maybe people claim greatness to this movie out of guilt , or because they have n't seen quality comparisons and classics like " mississippis burning , " that has both a great script and fabulous acting . i do n't know . all i know is it tugs from so many hokey directions it takes the final scene to remind everyone how it started . among the top of my most over rated movies
i went into this movie thinking it would be great to see a film set in the turbulent but interesting history of first settlements in the far north of northern america . having only really seen pocahontas through the eyes of disney , i felt this would be a good chance to see something more significant and engaging on one of histories more interesting events . like other reviewers , i found the photography and the scenery to be simply stunning . visually , the film wows the viewer . the scenes simply amaze with their beauty , the sets with their majesty and also rustic simplicity . coupled with the musical score , this was some of the best camera work i have seen in a long time . this was , in my opinion , the sole redeeming feature of the film . while the filme attempted to contemplate serious and deep issues of love , allegiance and so on , it succeeded in only boring the tears out this viewer with the monotonous monologues of the characters done as long lengths of naration . in one part , the plot lost some continuity and needed reviewing to get to grips with what had happened . for actors of the calibre of colin farrell and christian bale , this film did not show them at their best . certainly not the worst i have seen by any stretch , but definitely not the best i have seen from either one of these actors . tread with caution on this one , and hire it before you buy it . i am glad i did not spend good money purchasing it . quite frankly , it is a great cure for insomnia
the new world is the least of terrence malick 's limited filmography to date , and could be best described as a monotone poem . it 's not exactly bad , just mundane and rather forgettable even while you 're watching it , more of a self-indulgence than a genuine attempt to communicate with an audience . visually it often seems surprisingly flat and uninspired , while the script comprises of far too many trite voice over questions s-p-o-k-e-n v-e-r-y s-l-o-w-l-y i-n h-u-s-h-e-d t-o-n-e-s against selections from his classical music collection , which does n't magically render them profound but simply makes the film evenly paced to the point where nothing can stand out : even the battle sequence takes time out for more musings . another big problem is the miscasting of the inexplicably prolific colin farrell , a nice enough lad offscreen i 'm sure but an extraordinarily limited actor who just can not carry a picture no matter how many chances he 's given . true to form he trots out his two ` important picture ' expressions - the bambi-caught-in-the-headlights-of-an-oncoming-car one and the one he thinks looks serious but simply makes him look like he 's not been getting enough roughage in his diet . the fact that he 's outshone by q'orianka kilcher in her first speaking part speaks volumes of his inadequacy , although to be fair he has been worse . indeed , among the male leads christian bale does much , much more with much , much less in the last third of the film , as does a typically underused christopher plummer in the first third . malick is very good at the madness and mutiny that infects the deluded settlers of jamestown , but because it happens to people we 've barely been introduced to it carries no emotional or dramatic weight . if anything , it just made me think of how much more herzog could have made of it all . moments work , most notably the expulsion of the ` naturals ' from their land and the brief latter sequences in england , but on the evidence of the 135-minute version i very much doubt malick 's promised longer cut will solve the problems . i know it 's meant to be a work of art , but i just came away with the feeling that i 'd watched an old and very average universal international 50s western redubbed by first-year philosophy students . the only surprise was that jeff chandler and his bouncing basques did n't crop up .
me and my partner are both real open minded people who enjoy a huge range of films . and we do really like the thin red line . but this was a real boring piece of film making.....the whole film was just one huge poetry reading and i prefer to read poetry from a book.....it just does n't goe anywhere and we found the love scenes even worse than those directed by george lucas.even the battle scenes were just poetry readings..........watch thin red line instead if you are interested in this director 's work...that film is a masterpiece....this is n't
this movie is quite possibly the biggest waste of christian bale and colin farrell to date . it was boring , overblown and incessantly long . it 's one of those movies where you keep hoping it will get better , but it never does - and then it just ends . do n't waste the time or the money
off-hand , i ca n't think of a worse movie . ( and i think nicolas cage has done some truly awesome work in other films--hey , he 's making a buck , here . ) that 's all . 1/32 star , if possible
i never received product as they never shipped it . amazon sent me an email stating that they could n't complete my order as it was " non-deliverable " .. not sure what that means if every other item i purchase is " deliverable "
this is an extremely dry anime . the manga version by masamune shirow is filled with bits of humor . not so for the anime . the character batou was especially funny in the manga , but , for reasons unknown , he is the driest character in the already humorless anime version . expect long scenes filled with monotonous talking . these really make the movie crawl . one minute there 's action , next you 're listening to matoko or batou go on and on about existentialism . seriously , these little talks , take up 3/4 of the movie . the visuals are awesome , no question about that . even so , they do not fulfill the need for some kind of thread of a story . altogether , not much actually , happens during the movie . if you must see it , rent it first to be sure you want it
before i review , i 'd like to clear something up : i am a very latecomer in seeing this movie . i was introduced to the ghost in the shell franchise through the new anime series airing on adult swim , ghost in the shell : standalone complex . i absolutely love that show , and so i figured eventually i 'd have to get around to seeing the movie , which i knew full well shares no connection with the show . they 're both seperate interperetations of the comic series of the same name , ( which i have not read , so i do n't know which is more accurate ) but the tv series is exponentially better than this movie in almost every concievable way . there are many things i do n't like about this movie , the biggest being poor pacing . the plot for the movie is actually surprisingly straightforward once you cut away all the filler , but that 's the biggest problem . there 's not really enough story to last a full-length feature , because it seems almost like it was originally written with the intention of being a 30 minute short . and since they did n't have the budget to load the movie up with action scenes ( there are barely any , and they are n't very impressive for the most part ) they had to slow the story down with drawn out conversations that you wo n't understand more than 60 % of , and camera shots that last for what feels like minutes where we 're looking at either nothing , or a woman 's nipples . that 's not cinematic artistry , that 's being either lazy or perverted . the animation itself is n't even that good , especially considering that this is was a theatrical release from only 10 years ago . it 's choppy , and there 's not really a whole lot of detail ( except when it comes to women 's nipples ) . looking at just the animation , if i did n't know better , i 'd have thought this movie was an ova from the 1980 's . the only thing i can really say i liked about this movie was that it was ghost in the shell . it 's probably kind of like how i did n't see the 1989 batman movie until years after i 'd been spoiled by batman the animated series , and could n't bring myself to like it for any reason other than that it was batman . everything about the tv series is superior to this movie : the animation , the stories , the character developement , the production values.. . i could go on for an entire page about how much better the tv series is . in short , if you 're you 're at all interested in the gits franchise , do yourself a favor and rent the dvds of the tv show instead . you 'll find a lot to love , but i ca n't say the same about the movie . my dream is that someday alex proyas will give us a gits movie that lives up to what i would hope for after watching standalone complex
it 's hard for me to believe that so many people think this is a brilliant and startling film . how could you not know that eating so much fast food is unhealthy ? if this film is considered groundbreaking then i fear for our republic
am i the only one who found the basic workout difficult ? the pace was too quick for me to get the right technique in the poses and even though i have done this workout several times now , my back almost always is very painful for at least 24 hours afterward . i have found that , apart from a few exercises , the intermediate workout is easier
i will not watch the movie " andersonville " until they make a movie called " elmira " ( the camp in elmira , n.y. , the worst of the union prison camps had 35 % death rate )
i gave this movie 1 star because it is not a true documentary . it falls more along the same fodder as " spinal tap " . it is missing a counter point from gm . one could argue that roger had chances to talk with moore , but choose not to . one the other hand , rogers missing interview is what gave the movie such an emotional hold . i believe that moore counted on not being granted air time at gm for the production of this film . an interview would have killed the tone . watch the nightly news now . last night , march 22nd 2006 , gm offered a one time buy out to some of it 's employees . the news reported that gm can not afford to maintain its relationship with the uaw ( just like what caused the flint situation in the film ) . this same thing happened in the late 1980 's and brought forth this extremely biased movie . this film is entertaining in a strange way , but should not be considered to be the absolute truth . watch it with a grain of salt . for what it 's worth , under close examination , careful consideration and keen intellect , you will see a undercover message you might need to examine closely the content . outwardly , things are not what they seem until you look more closely . many times the basic concept is misread in the dialog once you see this , and open your mind to it , rational thought will emerge
therese , lux , mary , bonnie and cecilia make up the five lisbon girls , ages 13 , 14 , 15 , 16 and 17 . cecilia , the youngest , lives in her sisters shadows because they are all older and of much more interest to their male neighbors . as a cry for help , she slits her wrists and lays down in the bathtub , she survived the incident . after a psychiatrist highly impresses upon the strict mr. and mrs. lisbon that it would be benificial for cecilia to be exposed to environments which have boys her own age , mr. and mrs. lisbon decide to allow the girls to throw the one and only lisbon party . some of the neighborhood 's boys are invited over and while the party is in session , cecilia is pretty inanimate , sitting on the couch while her sisters flirt , talk and laugh . midway through the party , cecilia asks to be excused and mrs. lisbon - though somewhat reluctantly - allows it . cecilia goes up to her room ( on the second floor of a two-story house ) and jumps out the window , landing on the spiked fence on the front lawn of the lisbon house . in this way , cecilia lisbon commited suicide . only four girls remain . the act which cecilia committed did not go at all unnoticed . the father saw her immediately , the party ended there and all of the boys went home rather glum . four of the lisbon 's neighbors , four young boys , suffered a rapidly growing obsession with the lisbon girls , who were beautiful and a total mystery to the outside world . they got hold of cecilia 's diary and tried to explain why she committed suicide . the eldest decided cecilia was a dreamer , and she did not think she would fall when she jumped out her window , she thought she would fly . with their youngest sister gone , the remaining lisbon girls grow closer to each other , stranding themselves further from the outside world . when school starts again , they attempt to go on acting as if nothing happened , not ever mentioning their youngest sister . the run-of-the-mill awkward act is taken part by the rest of the school however . the usual profuse apology to the mention of the word " death " and the like . trip fontaine is the most popular guy in school , the object of desire to all of the girls at school.. . except for the lisbon girls , which is of no importance to trip until he sets eyes on lux . trip can not help but be enchanted by her flawless beauty . in the beginning , he is unsuccessful in his quest to even catch her attention for she bluntly shows she 's not interested . but after his consistent courtship , lux falls for his charming ways . trip then attempts to convince mr. lisbon to let him and three of his football team pals take the lisbon daughters to homecoming . after mr. lisbon talks to his wife , he agrees to trip 's request , knowing nothing but trip 's sincerity and claimed honorable intentions , on the understanding that trip have all of the lisbon girls returned to the house by curfew . after trip explains the situation to his football peers , he gives in to those who bribe him the most handsomely . meanwhile , the lisbon girls are picking out fabric for the dresses they shall wear to the homecoming dance . though one pattern is used for all four dresses , each dress looks unique when concentrating on detail . once they pick up the girls , they stop midway to the homecoming in order to smoke , lux being the only girl volunteering to smoke . they then drive to the dance . trip and lux sneak away and sneak swallows of alcohol . another one of the lisbon sisters and her date follow , but leave soon afterwards , not being as wild nor daring as trip and lux . at the time they all decided to meet back at the car so they could make the girls curfew , they are all there.. . except for trip and lux , who at that time were alone in the middle of the football stadium field . deciding they must make their own curfews , therese , bonnie , mary and their dates leave without them . after fooling around , the intoxicated trip and lux fall asleep in the middle of the football stadium . trip awakens in the middle of the night and leaves lux there alone . when lux wakes up early the next morning she is confused as to why trip is not there . she takes a taxi home and her parents were worried sick ( of course ) . but they take measures as far as pulling the girls out of school and stranding them inside the lisbon residence . the girls , in a desperate attempt to hold onto a connection to the outside world , begin using morse code to interact with the four boys who so closely follow their lives . one of which boys lived across the street and the rest which came over daily after this in order to contact the girls . soon following , the boys begin talking to the lisbon girls via phone . one day , the girls invite the boys to come over once mr. and mrs. lisbon are asleep . the plan being that the boys were to drive the girls somewhere , the boys hastily agree . they sneak over and lux invites them to wait inside for her sisters and lux goes to wait in the car . the boys wander down to the basement while waiting for therese , bonnie and mary , verbally expressing their hopes for the night . but then they realize they have stumbled upon one of the sisters . she had hung herself . the boys , scared to death , run all the way home . time passed , things changed , girls came and went.. . but no matter what , those four boys never forgot the lisbon suicides . ultimately , the movie was nothing short of queer . when trying to sum up the story in a few lines ( such as " follow the lives of the lisbon sisters and how they connect to their neighbors . a story full of obsession , gossip , lust , love , desire and isolation . " ) the story sounds quite unique and intriguing , but the story fell short of that for me personally . partly because the lisbon sisters really committed suicide for a reason not much deeper than isolation . the movie , in places , is also extremely flawed . i do not believe mr. and mrs. lisbon could 've removed their daughters from school for so long without their daughters being taken from them by social services . in many parts of the movie , they should 've used upbeat music to fill the deafening silences . the whole movie was filmed in a style that i can truthfully say makes me rather bored . i would only suggest this film to , perhaps , people who like movies such as " elizabethtown " which kirsten dunst is also in . but i personally disliked this movie which was not very tasteful and will not be watching it again in the future
stellar performances by all actors and actresses involved in this movie are ruined by the sheer ignorance of the topic . not one single " fact " about guns contained in this movie was true and at the end of the film i had nothing but an overwhelming feeling that the bad guys had clearly won . what a crock
for that matter it can be written for any party candidate that wants the truth of his/her dirty secrets covered up . i feel that it 's the most insulting film to be released . it hides the fact that we as citizens , and our government do n't really care about who we stick in office . if the party lines up with what we believe in screw the fact he had to cover something up . i ca n't fathom why we continue to fall for this all the time , and believe me i do n't feel it 's right to air it all over the news either . i feel that it comes down to the man , and if he does have the values his/her party believes in then he will do the honorable thing , and own up to his/her mistake . this movie is just another nail to drive into the justification that it 's alright to cover things up , and there are no absolutes , or rights or wrongs . wht happens when we tick off the wrong person who 's rich ? do we wait until then to change the moral ? that 's pathetic , and so is this movie
i got this video thinking it would be like the baby faith videos with fun and creative elements for learning development . my baby watched about two mintues and was gone . i think this is pitched as a baby video but it 's really more geared toward older children . none of the elements have anything to do with the music , making is virtually useless as a learning development product . i give it a big " thumbs down " . try any one of the baby faith products like god made me , god made music and god made animals . they 're awesome !
who 's idea was it to put jessica alba as sue storm ? chris evans 's portrayal of johnny storm was somewhat disappointing too , although not as bad as jessica alba 's portrayal of sue storm . why do they cast hollywood big names in these movies just for the sake of having big celebrities in these movies ? they really need to cast people who actually fit the roles and have talent for portraying the characters . this movie was somewhat good , but it did n't feel all that great . so far , this movie is just another of marvel 's somewhat disappointing movies along the lines of elektra , the incredible hulk , xmen 3 , daredevil , and the punisher . i was so happy to see marvel characters getting their own movies , but after seeing what hollywood does to them , i would rather see marvel 's chracters go back into hiding . special effects were good in this movie , and so was the story . michael chiklis as the thing was great , and his the thing character makeup was done very well , and he played the character well too , as did ioan gruffud with mr . fantastic . jessica alba and chris evans definitely demoted this movie
the central idea of this movie is the activities a 1920 's robin hood and his band of gangsters . unfortunately , even the rat pack can not save this movie . the script is slow , dated,and dull . barbara rush 's scenes are especially confusing . her scenes almost seem to be part of a different movie . nothing comes of her apparent interest in sinatra or martin which makes me wonder why they made the final cut . the main actors seemed to be bored , and with the exceptions of bing crosby and peter falk , walked through their performances . ( maybe they were hung over most of the time ? ) save your money and borrow it from your local library .
well folks , looks like we may have the most over praised movie of the current millennium right here . ( " crash " comes close , but that film has a lot more detractors than this one , and many of those who liked it seemed to do so because they imagined , somehow , that it would " change the world " . ) my beefs are not the same as most of those who do n't like the film : i do n't much care that it may show an unrealistic picture of drug abuse , nor do i find it overly depressing . fact is , it is n't depressing at all cause i did n't care . it 's just boring and annoying , sometimes at different moments , sometimes simultaneously . this not a good combination . all right , here 's a plot summary : jared leto , marlon wayans , jennifer connelly and ellen burstyn all do drugs , and this really messes up their lives . i hate to give it all away like that , but there it is . the fundamental flaw is this : i do n't like any of these people , so their pain does n't mean anything , and since that is all there is to this movie it absolutely fails to have any sort of effect . maybe if aronofsky had put more time in to characterization it would 've worked , but now there just is n't anything there . as far as what 's actually in the movie , we 've got jared leto as a stupid chunkhead who has inane conversations with his equally chunkheaded girlfriend jennifer connelly , who wants to be a fashion designer , or something . beyond this we 've got jared 's mother , ellen burstyn , who is a weird old woman and marlon wayans as leto 's friend who deals drugs with him at times and appears headed towards the big leagues . i particularly love how there 's no real attempt to make wayans into a person . he 's got one flashback about how he wanted to make his mom proud and that 's it . the doubly sad fact is that he 's the most likable of the three . he at least displays a little life . connelly and leto apparently just wandered here from a bergman film and are so dull and slow that it 's a wonder that the smack does n't cause them to cease to exist entirely . ( well , connelly actually does coke , i think , but it fails to liven her up any . also , i actually * like * the bergman films i 've seen , so that 's not really a fair comparison . ) they love each other , apparently , but since i do n't even like either of them i 'm not much interested . finally , burstyn is mostly just creepy though her performance does take a turn for the hilarious as she goes off the deep end . perhaps it would n't have been funny if i cared about her , but we 've been over that.. .  and i want you people to know that i 'm not utterly heartless when it comes to movies . i can care about the characters , but none of these people did anything for me , so the movie 's dead in the water . for good counter examples watch " trainspotting " , which has drug-addict characters with enough humor and life to be likable and interesting and " bubba ho-tep " , a film which displays the plight of the lonely elderly 50 times better than this film despite being a silly horror-comedy with a mummy in a cowboy outfit in it . on the other hand , neither of those movies is nearly as pretentious as " requiem for a dream " , so watching them will do nothing to stroke your ego . still , if that 's all you want to kinda find plenty of films better than this one for that purpose . " requiem for a dream " is n't helped any by darren aronofsky 's repetitive , derivative over-direction . the trouble is , this movie has n't got any plot to distract you from how redundant the visual style is . there 's nothing inherently wrong with any of his tactics , but they 're hopelessly driven in to the ground , as we see fast-motion a thousand times , quick-cut montages a million times and plenty of wonky camera-attached-to-the-actor junk , and they are , again , impossible not to notice cause the plot sure ai n't drawing me in . i imagine that the overdone , repeating visual style is meant as a representation of the endless cycle found in drug use , but that does n't make it any more pleasant or entertaining to watch . the score suffers from the same problem as they use the same handful of themes over and over . truth be told , i thought this movie was pretty okay for about the first half , but then it really started to grate on me . it became evident that no , aronofsky was n't going to introduce any new visual tricks and no , these characters were n't going to get any more interesting . i looked at the timer continuously for about the last 40 minutes of the film , and was so uninvolved that the supposedly horrifying conclusion where all the characters really get it bad was utterly ineffective . it was kind of uplifting , really : now that these tedious characters have finally hit rock bottom i can go do something else . now that 's a good ending . grade : d +  ps this is 500 reviews . i doubt if i will write 500 more , but who knows
i give this film one star for the acting , which is often very good . however , the plot and message of this film revel in hopelessness , and debase every aspect of lower income , urban people . in all honesty , i 've seen more joy in an african famine . i sat through this film , against my better judgement . still , if you 're truly interested in investigating the dark underbelly of urban american misery and frailty , then i recommend " a streetcar named desire " , " kids " , " last exit to brooklyn " , and " traffic " .
the only reason why i saw this was because of susannah york . this shows she was more capable of the dix she played in &quot ; the killing of sister george&quot ; and was a fine actress . otherwise this movie is blah . it 's okay to make a surreal other world but you have to make it interesting . the men in this movie are so disgusting one ca n't blame her for getting mad anyway . for another pointless film of this caliber see secret ceremony
he thought the columbine incident was about gun control . it was not . it was about anger and bullying . that is the problem . that is what would have fixed that problem . we need to help children be better to eachother or problems like this will keep going on . it is worth seeing because it is interesting , but he is wrong on this one . micahel moore is a good director but people are not always right
you want realism of the old west ? try showing people frequently blowing big wads of snot out their nose and hawking green loogies onto the floor or into their sleeves because they did n't have tissues . try having the actors and actresses go for a couple of months without washing their hair , and not brushing their teeth with toothpaste , so their hair is oily and their mouths are scuzzy and black . that would be realistic , but it 's a lot more repellant to television audiences than gratuitous profanity . so this " realistic " show has characters with clean , fluffy hair and pretty teeth spew garbage langauge constantly -- and sucker viewers and reviewers buy this as " realistic " ! ! ! every great writer of every age and era , be it mark twain , owen wister , william shakespeare , or john steinbeck , or any other storyteller whose works have survived for generations , told " realistic " stories of their era but who understood what realistic trivia to keep in , and what to leave out , in order to tell the story . that is why their work has remained timeless . deadwood 's writing shows a huge insecurity complex in choosing to rely on a gimmick ( and a juvenile one at that ) like over-the-top profanity . whether or not the calamity janes of the time actually used the words " ignorant f * * * * ng c * * * s " is something we will never know and is also absolutely irrelevant . there are an awful lot of sheeple in tv land
ok , the original is a classic and is what...90...100 minutes long ? jackson stretches it out to 3 hours and adds very little to the story . the native were scary . the quiet scenes with kong were welcome additions , they actually made him into a character...something that ca n't be said for any of the human characters . the insect scenes are ridiculous ! ! the dinosaur stampede was idiotic . anything with the young cabin boy almost seemed like it was clipped out of another movie . now jackson is adding 38 munutes to a movie that is grossly over padded to begin with ? ! ? peter jackson is a hack director that has no idea how to tell a story efficiently.remind me to skip his next 15 3 hour long epics
i hate lawyers . what is a lawyer , anyway ? basically : it 's a telemarketer in a decent suit , a guy who would be hawking the latest ronco hair-in-a-can super-duper late night special to folks in akron over his plantronic headset , only he won the genetic lottery and got shot out of an upper-middle class womb . shakespeare said it first and best : " first , let 's kill all the lawyers ! " . former enron uber-dealmaker john wing put a little fast-times houston spin on that one : " get all the lawyers in a room---and shoot 'em ! ---in the mouth , so you * ca n't * miss ! "  exactly . anyway , " the firm " is a flick that purports to make the world of high-priced yappers jaw-rippingly exciting , so i was probably all amped up to despise it . but not really : back before i dug into a gig with the dark side in high finance , back when i was hefting a backpack over the sodden campus of my old alma mater , i briefly considered going into law : briefly , for about an hour . it was a desperate time , and i needed money . why did i consider walking hell 's highway , if only for an instant ? because john grisham , boring lawyer-turned-ripping-potboiler-writer-turned-back-into-boring-lawyer , a kind of tom clancy for the paper-pusher and green-eyeshade set , made it all sound pretty damned funky ( and lucrative ! hey , dig that bmw 7 series , baby , beep beep ! ) in his engrossing little novel " the firm " : granted , i 've read better prose on the backs of cereal boxes , but it held my attention . i mean , seriously : you 're 19 , and the whole flying out on the corporate lear to grand cayman and switching out briefcases full of cash sounds kinda cool . and strippers , man , plenty of strippers . oh , and did someone mention a bmw ? what 's the difference between a lawyer and a snake ? the snake at least has the decency to hiss before it sinks its fangs into your a * * . now it 's true : grisham writes like kim jong il sings , but---in " the firm " , anyway---he was a master craftsman at moving things along at a bristling pace , from the pedestrian---hotshot law school whiz kid gets picked up by a memphis white-shoe law firm---to the pretty damned atrocious , all while keeping the pressure ratcheted up with a dense , suffocating sense of malice . grisham , like michael crichton , is n't a prose genius : he 's not even mediocre . but he writes for film , and " the firm " cried out for cinematic treatment . so it 's baffling that , with all the right stuff---tom cruise as winsome lead mitch mcdeere , gene hackman doing his chain-drinking gene hackman thang as the corrupt ( but ultimately worn-out and pathetic ) senior partner , and sydney pollack helming it up---that the big-screen treatment of " the firm " is such a yawner . talk about contempt of court . pollack takes all that intricately woven little grisham-plot and barfs big ugly chunks of it up on the screen . at its guts , really , " the firm " was really nothing more than the big career nightmare : i 've bet the farm on this gig , i 'm getting big money , i 'm working like a fiend , my wife is having trouble remembering my name , and evidently i 'm not doing tax-deals for loaded clients---i 'm doing money laundering for the mob . pollack just mangles the whole thing , convolutes the simple , and renders up a flick that will have you checking your watch and yawning . casting is part of the problem : cruise does his thing , running around memphis with his briefcase . hackman drinks a lot and exudes pure armani-clad sleaze : " the firm " is all funny-wrinkles when he 's onscreen , but hey , a man can only do so much . jeanne tripplehorn ( cruise 's squeeze ) , who plays lara san giacomo when she 's not playing tripplehorn ( seriously , google the two of 'em : astounding ! ) is a bitter old battleaxe who made me want to stick forks in my eyes . wilford brimley is just plain wrong as the firm 's security chief : too bald , too cracker , too rotund , too silly , too low-end , to do the role justice . holly hunter is even worse : hunter is one of those eighties thangs who got pumped up as something sexy , which is baffling , given that she 's about 3'8 , and has all the sex appeal of an oompah-loompah . it does n't help that she 's a big , ugly southern stereotype , the caricature most denizens of dumpy michigan towns imagine southerners to be . you want her to die : she does n't . pollack wants us to think she 's clever and funny . she is n't . ed harris , i think , is in this movie . so is hal holbrook , which kinda ruins everything , because everytime hal holbrook is in a movie you know you 're dealing with a bunch of friggin ' crooks . anyway , the coup de grace to the stupidity is the entrance , deus ex machina , of paul sorvino ( don morolto---what kind of goombah name is dat , anyway ? somebody call tony soprano ! ) , who takes this juggernaut of boredom from the merely stupid to the totally ridiculous . if you wan na see tom cruise running around memphis with his briefcase for two hours , by all means belly up to the bar . otherwise , case dismissed . js
okay , the script is not the most imaginative i 've ever seen , but i like the actors ( especially ben 's best man ) so i was friendly with this movie for the most part . i did n't even mind the obvious holes in the plot , such as...why do these characters not have credit cards or cell phones ? or at least , why do n't they use them ? oh no , much more plausible that ben will have to strip dance in a gay bar for $ 150 to buy a car to drive to nc . i did n't even mind the fact that the whole " we 're married and my husband 's a doctor . " charade was so predictable . oh gee , he 's pretending to be a doctor and he 's on a tour bus with a bunch of elderly people . d'ya think someone might have a heart attack and " dr. holmes " might have to step up ? and uh , they 're pretending to be married and oh ! surprise there 's the best man and maid of honor ! d'ya think they 're gon na get busted ? what killed it for me was that ridiculous ending . it was obviously supposed to be a surprise ( and it was ) but there seemed to be no other reason for it than to pull a fast one on the audience . i felt cheated . i spent the entire movie getting emotionally involved with the relationship between sarah and ben , and i really cared about how they would handle things with the fiance and sarah 's little boy and all that . i cheerfully became disengaged from the relationship between ben and bridget , i totally believed neither one of them was ready to get married or right for each other . the film spent an inordinate amount of time showing me they 're not right for each other and that this wedding was not meant to happen . right up to the last moment , we think he 's breaking it off with bridget . instead , what the heck let 's just go ahead and get married after all . huh ? he left sarah sitting out there waiting for him in a hurricane ! ! ! after making her promise that she would still be there when he got back . this man obviously does n't have a clue what he wants in life , and i 'm expected to believe they lived happily ever after ? not only that , but what does it teach us about taking this commitment seriously ? it teaches us that if our instinct is telling us " do n't do it ! " and our genitals are yearning for someone else and even mother nature seems to be working hard to prevent this marriage , aw heck go on ahead and do it anyway . it 's just marriage . it 's romantic ! you could get lucky and live happily ever after ! it 's been my experience , when things are n't feeling just right as you approach that wedding , turn and run . the last thing you should do is close your eyes , grab your balls and take the leap
simply put : the movie is boring . clich    upon clich    is confirmed and story lines never come together . it seems as if the director was unsure whether to make a movie or a documentary . the main plot is very thin ( a cia agent is ordered to kill an oil prince , gets caught and then warns the prince ( why ? ) ) and therefore some elements were added to make the movie more interesting . so , a kid dies , which results in the " natural " response of the father : freely advising the person indirectly responsible for his son 's death . the lawyer has a drunk " friend " and keeps him around , why , no one knows . some kids become suicide terrorists and blow up a ship . all in all , this is one of the worst movies i have seen in quite a while . i was neither entertained nor intellectually challenged . i neither laughed nor cried , i did not gain an understanding nor was i compelled to learn more or take up a cause . it meant nothing to me , which in my eyes is the worst one can say about a movie . save your money , save your time , choose another movie .
i rented this dvd because of the glowing reviews here and because i wanted a better understanding of the origin of the modern problems in the middle east . overall , i was disappointed by this offering because it did n't give sufficient background and seemed to speak primarily to those who already had a knowledge of the subject . ( it also seems to me to be * a bit * biased in israel 's favor vis-a-vis the palestinians , but that flaw could be accepted and filtered appropriately . )  for instance , the documentary jumps right into the last zionist congress in 1939 ( or whenever it was ) , but they never define what the zionist movement is or where it came from . i know some of this from my reading , but it would be nice to have a summary here -- especially as it relates to the main players in the rest of the documentary . i wish the documentary would have at least started with wwi and the british occupation of palestine after the fall of the ottoman empire , rather than picking up at wwii and mentioning some of the wwi details later . doing so would have answered questions like , " why are the british so important here ? "  another example is keeping track of the people , places , and organizations , which are often named in hebrew or arabic and are unfamiliar to the uninitiated . it made the sequence of events hard to follow because we had a hard time keeping track of who was doing what and where . using more text on the screen , more maps , more recaps , and perhaps more english translations would have improved things greatly , methinks . the film certainly has value , not least because it is told by a participant and first-hand observer , but it is not for those without much familiarity with the people , places , and issues at hand
other reviews rant about ms. judd ; frankly , after double jeopardy and high crimes , i 'm not seeing the superb actress , but that 's aside the point . this movie has one point that can be summed up in this review so you can spend your time better on something else-- search for truth , not innocence . especially if you are an attorney
ashley judd 's ( normal life , the locusts ) husband , played by jim caviezel ( the passion of the christ , frequency ) gets arrested and put on the guilty bench for a slaughter in el salvador a bunch of years ago . so , judd hires the always superb morgan freeman ( unleashed , million dollar baby ) to help her out on the case and to find out the truth while she tries to get her husband out of imprisonment . judd then has threats on her life after . the opening sequence pulls you in , the thrills are a mixed bag ( car crash scene for example was good ) and the outcome , well , i really saw coming anyway . ashley judd 's thrid thriller but its her second one with a murderous manipulative husband ( double jeopardy ) . twisted and kiss the girls had a killer running after her or playing games with her noggin . also starring bruce davison ( x-men , dahmer ) , amanda peet ( the whole nine yards , the whole ten yards ) and tom bower ( die hard 2
funny and very inspirational . good way to encourage young teenagers to build self esteem . if there 's a will , there 's a way . anyone can dance
i give this film one star for the acting , which is often very good . however , the plot and message of this film revel in hopelessness , and debase every aspect of lower income , urban people . in all honesty , i 've seen more joy in an african famine . i sat through this film , against my better judgement . still , if you 're truly interested in investigating the dark underbelly of urban american misery and frailty , then i recommend " a streetcar named desire " , " kids " , " last exit to brooklyn " , and " traffic " .
ok , i 've only just seen this film for the first time , so it 's hard to really judge the social impact it had 13 years ago and its importance in that respect , but this is not a particularly good film . i mean , it has its choice moments where it really comes together . the shot of caine downing a 40 in the korean grocers is imaginitively directed . any scene with o-dog is almost guaranteed classic status . samuel jackson 's in it . and if you 're a fan of dave chapelle 's tyrone biggums crackhead character , the token crackhead in this film is worth a few laughs for his to-the-tee similarity . but that 's really my problem with this film . serious issues are reduced to a series of ham-fisted archetypes straight out of central casting . and they 're all here : the homey black grandparents , the nation of islam convert , the socially conscious mother whose son is starting to go down caine 's road... all characters that might fare better in a different film that treats these issues with more subtlety and depth . take the french film 'la haine ' , for instance . it clearly took a lot of inspiration from menace 2 society , boyz n tha hood , etc. , but its characters actually feel tormented , instead of just having lots of scenes written for them to show their torment . rather than just running through a laundry list of problems , one-by-one , scene-by-scene , it really gets to the heart of something bigger , some grander alienation that urban youths feel , which is what menace 2 society would like to be able to do . plus , if you can believe it , the hip-hop in 'la haine ' is quite a bit better . so while i would definitely recommend seeing this film , keep the remote aimed and ready , finger on the fast-forward button . maybe about a half-hour of this film is really worth watching , whereas the other 70 minutes are mostly just dull moralising . oh yeah , and there 's a really embarrassing-to-watch sex scene thrown in for no particular reason . oh , also , the filmmakers apparently think people who have just been shot look like they are being electrocuted while spitting out cherry slurpees . in a film that did n't try to carry so much social weight , that kind of thing would be ok because you could laugh it off as bad filmmaking , but it really just cheapens this one
these plays were okay , i 'm glad i rented them before buying them . the props and things were very nice , the actors did n't gel well with each other or connect with their characters and the singing was mediocre ( definitely no tyler perry quality on that note ) but the messages were good just seemed a little unrealistic and too drawn out . i thought alexander o'neal sang in one of them but he did n't
" in good company " goes on and on at the end a little bit , and the ending especially is not fulfilling character/plot-wise . if it had ended 15-20 minutes before it actually did , i would give it three stars instead of two . i admit there were quite a few times when i laughed a bit to myself , but it did n't make me fall off the couch or anything . there were other times when i thought the actions of some characters were weird or forced . overall it is n't an entirely bad movie , but , like i said , the ending is unfulfilling . overall not strong performances coming from scarlett johansson or topher grace
i had high expectation on the video but it turned out to be quite disappointed and boring , i have to say that the one is one of my favourite books i ever rea
the entire premise of the movie is not merely ludicrous or far-fetched , it is actually completely false . the concept of double jeopardy has nothing at all to do with whom is murdered ( or is otherwise the victim ) , but what you did , in distinct criminal incidents . even if you were wrongly convicted of murdering someone , if you go back and murder them " again " then that is a new incident , and double jeopardy does not apply . in movies intended to be fantastic , diverging this much from reality might be ok . but this is a mainstream legal thriller . it 's like having a mainstream romantic comedy where the men wear lipstick and the women do n't , for no apparent reason . but the producers of this movie either have no idea what the law actually says or means , or they just ( accurately ) banked on the general public being too ignorant to notice how ridiculous it is
this show deserved to get cancelled , and there 's a very simple reason . this is supposedly dry , subtle comedy for people who do n't usually like dry , subtle comedy . it 's a show that was presented to the fox audience , an audeince that normally likes the most inane , low-brow kind of humor , that does n't know what dry comedy is and would fall for a pitiful imitation of it . meanwhile , to people who actually appreciate subtlety and dry humor , the so-called comedy in the show is unbelievably obvious and predictable . every time a line is spoken on that show that is supposed to be a joke , it 's clear how forced and contrived it is , how hard the creators of this show are trying to fake dry humor , something they clearly do n't understand . it 's embarrassing for someone with appreciation for humor to watch , because the jokes are so uninspired and fall so flat . it 's just an awkward mess . but those are n't the people this show is targeted at . it 's targeted at that fox audience who has never even seen dry humor before , and so anything even resembling it is new and amazing to them . they think this show is brilliant because it 's a little smarter than mad tv , or at least thinks it is . and since those are the people who are seeing the show , you hear all these people raving about how brilliant it is . if the show were on hbo or some other network , exposed to a different kind of audience , you would hear a lot more negative response to it from people who like dry comedy that actually works . so why did this show get cancelled , when so many people think it 's so amazing ? if it 's so great , people would have actually watched it , right ? so where were the ratings ? the fact is , the people who love this show are a very vocal minority . the audience for dry humor did n't watch this show because it 's not funny . but the audience who was fooled by this show , as vocal as they are , was just too small : they were people who were encountering something other than inanity for the first time in their lives and thought it would make them look smart to pretend to like it . this is not one of those shows that was cancelled because it was too smart for tv , as its apologists claim . no , it simply was a completely unfunny failure that was only impressive to people who have never heard anything but fart jokes
" four brothers " is yet another nail in the coffin of john singleton 's increasingly moribund moviemaking career . the director - who burst upon the scene in 1991 with the vibrant and gritty " boyz n the hood " - has here mounted a film so burdened by implausibility and contrivance that it makes one wonder if the once-promising filmmaker will ever be able to get back on track again . the story , reeking of artificiality , features mark wahlberg , tyrese gibson , andre benjamin and garrett hedlund as four troubled young men raised by the same foster mother . when she is killed in a convenience store robbery , the quartet launches into action , seeking revenge against the perpetrators and becoming slowly convinced , through their investigation in the neighborhood , that the killing might not have been as random in nature as they had been initially led to believe . the main weakness of this film is that it gives us virtually no reason to care about any of the characters . by not showing us any scenes between the boys and their foster mother ( except for one embarrassingly bad thanksgiving dinner fantasy sequence that looks as if it were conceived by a first-year film student ) , we are forced to take their relationship totally on faith , rendering the boys ' thirst for revenge arbitrary at worst and academic at best . the acting is uniformly flat , with the characters little more than wafer-thin stereotypes , and even the action scenes come across as surprisingly mundane and second-rate given the singleton pedigree in this area . the boys ' running around from venue to venue in their detroit neighborhood , brandishing guns in full view of the populace and screaming for information about their mother 's killer , is ludicrous on the face of it and often reduces the film to the level of cheap low comedy burlesque . with nary a single moment that rings believable or true , " four brothers " is by-the-book filmmaking from a director who has proven that he has the wherewithal and talent to do so much more .
i do not understand what the hype about this dvd is . i baught it according to [] reviews , but unfortunatly , was very dissapointed . i def felt a burn in my upper abs , but you are laying on your back the entire time . there is no changing positions and targeting the abs from diferent angles . to me , it was basically crunch after crunch after crunch . would not recommend it unless you want buldge in your upper abs
while i 've been a big fan of ghost in the shell , these stories are the worst yet . ( i 've watched the first three episodes on cartoon network as the dvd is not out yet ) . in " make up " , the story is flawed in that paz would have never been allowed to roam " free " while an exact copy cat of himself is on the lose killing people . in " poker face " the " emperial " america is such and anti-american statement especially when the amercian un forces have the american flag sewed on their uniforms backwards ! this may have been an error but i doubt it . in pat . the tachikoma 's voices are so annoying and so much information is thrown at you that it 's hard to follow . most if is a rehash on previous episodes . with their childest voices , they should n't be used as a main plot of the story
personally , i found this workout extremely difficult to follow ; the moves are simply not broken down enough to be understood . after pushing myself to go back to every part i did n't understand , i grew frustrated . other reviews have mentioned that being able to pick up the moves comes from such repetition , as i have obviously tried , but that technique killed my motivation and the thrill , both of which i believe are integral to any workout . and in my opinion any workout that one pays for should deliver a deserving output ; one should n't have to teach themselves the moves . to a less significant degree , i agree with the reviews that comment on the " cheesiness " of the video . at first , such cheesiness made me laugh , and then as i grew frustrated , it merely made me further annoyed . what i feel also adds to the cheesiness is instructor marie forleo 's unsuccessful motivation attempts , which are not only redundant , but suggestive in a most unnecessary way . i do n't mean to sound so aggressively negative--i just wish i had been able to learn the moves , because they did look like fun
thought it would be insightful but it was just dull and low-budget .
i found this movie to be almost unwatchable . if your idea of a good time is watching henry gibson trying to sing while the camera takes long pans over dull crowd scenes , then this movie is for you . the three minutes of excitement near the end barely has anything to do with anything that preceeded it . altman can pull off such greats as " mash " and " godsford park " and then stink up the joint with this . what 's up with that
the movie title itself says a lot , the movie itself is a total scam , fools people to rent or to watch it . a horrible directing , script and performance . you 'd better jump off empire state building in the late afternoon if you feel bored than watching this brain-dean bad movie
strengths : soundtrack by christopher franke , performance by andreas katsulas in 1st half . interesting idea of weapons system . weaknesses : plot was mostly stupid . tragic underutilization of g'kar as a character in the second half . unconvincing sense of scale for the leanndra ( why call for " a healer " ? how many healers are on board this tiny ship ? ) . felt more like a pilot for a new series than a standalone movie
denise austin needs to stick with making exercise videos for adults . this video is n't kid friendly , and does n't have a good feel for kids . to be honest , it is very close to most of denise 's exercise videos for adults . what denise has forgotten , or may have never known , is kids are kids , and they need to be treated accordingly , and that means with exercise videos to . a good choice for kids is - kick to get fit jr. -for kids , this video is done by a qualified kid 's fitness professional , not someone who is just throwing adult type movements at kids , and just hoping they can do them . my kids are not at all happy with this program . there are 6 & 10 years old , and they were bored & turned off by this video within the first 5 minutes , mostly because they did n't understand the movements , and then found most of the other movements very hard to do . once again , the forgotten point - kids are kids , and they need to be treated accordingly . one last point , in the video denise mentions that she received information from a variety of different professionals in the field of children 's exercise & fitness . this is all good except they all forgot one very important detail,- you must be able to teach & instruct children at a level they understand . just because you know something about exercise , it does n't mean you are able to teach it to children . knowledge is one thing - teaching & instructing is another , and the fact is , some people are just not very good at instructing children . a point that is very clearly displayed within this program .
sixth sense & unbreakable are so much better than signs , and i 'm sorry to say whatever m. night shyamalan originally had , he 's lost . when sixth sense came out , he was tipped as the next big thing , but i 'm sorry to say , it 's no longer there . in my mind , he can not match any films up to the success and sheer uniqueness of sixth sense . signs just fails miserably . the concept was a good idea , but the execution was terrible . it reminded me very much of blair witch project , as in what little action there was happens off screen , and the torches as well . it 's also definitely not mel gibson 's best film . even the actors appear to struggle with the dialogue-heavy script , and not really much happens . apart from one brief glimpse of an alien . oooh . fascinating . the problem i think that signs has , is that it 's already following many other , far superior , alien movies . aliens attacking the earth has been done , and lots more memorable than this . there 's also the overly religious theme , which the film probably would have done better either toning down , or scrapping altogether . it was really just thrown in to try and justify what was happening in the film . the scenes between gibson and his kids and his brother are way too sentimental and really cringeworthy . the finale does n't really make the film better . the discovery that the naked aliens find water like acid to their skin is atrocious ! why come to earth , the surface of is mostly covered in water , and the atmosphere is full of water droplets and vapour ? ! and then they travel millions of light years with far advanced technology - and then ca n't break into a wooden house ? ! are you kidding me ? but the most ridiculous thing is not only do the characters not pay attention to the dogs , who sensed something was not right ( time to get myself a dog ) , but the fact that all the sophisticated radar equipment can not detect the aliens entering our atmosphere - but a baby monitor can ? ! huh ? ! a film to stay well away from . thankfully , i did n't spend my hard earned ( ha ! ) money on it , but borrowed it from a friend . i shall approach m. night shyamalan 's films with trepidation from now . oh , and when a director decides to give himself a speaking role in his own film , make it a short one
i was not into this movie at all . my mother recommended it to me but it was lame all the way through . a middle-aged man decides he wants to do something different with his life , so he takes a dance class . ofcourse there 's a fine dance instructor , a crush is pursued , a wife gets jealous , hires a detective , and * gasp * his crush is found out . the movie was too predictable and it just was n't for me . not a bad movie , just not my cup of tea . richard gere was cute as usual , which was the only thing that made me watch it to the end , besides wanting to know what a correct quick step looked like since " so you think you can dance " never had contestants who mastered it
i saw this movie in the theater and was amazed at how quiet it was in there ! since i was bored , i found myself looking at other people there to see if i could get a read on what they were thinking , and after it was over i asked my friend what he thought . he said , " oh , it was okay " but did n't elaborate . so let me : it was painfully unfunny , with jokes or punchlines that fell flat , horrible acting , totally predictable , and very forgetable . this is a movie you might want to rent only if you 're really bored and nearly every other movie is out . and even then , you 'd be better off to go home empty handed . there 's not even much eye candy to recommend , which is a nice fallback if there 's nothing else going for it . how people could give this movie anything more than 1 star is puzzling . just because you like a movie should n't mean you give it 5 stars , especially when it 's as bad as this one . i mean , i liked freddy vs jason , but there 's no way i 'd give that movie 4 or 5 stars . this is bottom of the barrel
as an environmental scientist , i find these soft-science/hardball political presentations of the global warming discussion distressing and unhelpful . while they rally the convinced , having partisan political types at the forefront of the discussion is probably unhelpful . to wit , about a third of this movie turns out to be a self promotion video complete with a replay of 2000 election footage . about the " movie " : it 's actually a filmation of the presentation al gore has made for some time on global warming . in it he tries to make the case that nearly everything we are measuring on this dynamic earth is the result of man-made co2 and other green-house gasses . the audience is bombarded with a long series of charts , graphs , and suppositions that make for a compelling argument - if one has little or no knowledge coming into the presentation . and this is where this production goes terribly wrong , the fact checking was terrible , the cherry-picked data was obvious and heavy-handed , and finally the movie ends up serving those who oppose any discussion of global warming more than it helps the cause . two examples :  an inconvenient truth asserts that a sea-level rise of 20 feet is a realistic short-term prospect - yet , the 2005 joint statement by the science academies of the western nations warns of sea-level rise in the four to 35 inches range in the 21st century . gore discusses the earth 's atmosphere as relatively thin , and declares that , " the problem we now face is that this thin layer of atmosphere is being thickened by huge quantities of carbon dioxide . " hello ? thickness has nothing to do with global warming people . carbon dioxide has molecular bonds that vibrate on the same wavelengths at which infrared energy radiates upward from earth 's surface - meaning that the vibration warms the co2 , which makes things hotter . further the references to nitrogen are pure nonsense , since it does n't play a role . my warning is to not let the politicians ruin the scientific process , no matter how noble the cause may be .
dull , dull , dull . if i could have submitted a review and given zero stars i would have . pointless
( it is really random the selection they used as you hardly have a great cage match in every choice and for the millionth time that wwe lies to us , snuka-backlund was not 1980 ! it was june 28 , 1982 ! the date they claim from 1980 was backlund-patera in a texas death match . a company with that much money has no excuse for such a continous screw up ! snuka was not working for vince sr in 1980 , he was in the nwa feuding with ric flair as part of gene anderson 's stable ! )  disc 1  chapters :  * bob backlund vs. pat patterson * bruno sammartino and larry zbyszko feud * bob backlund vs. jimmy snuka * don muraco vs. jimmy snuka * tully blanchard vs. magnum ta * hulk hogan vs. paul orndorff * ric flair vs. ronnie garvin * bret hart vs. owen hart * isaac yankem vs. bret hart * triple h vs. mankind * triple h vs . the rock * steve austin vs. vince mcmahon * wwf world tag team champions edge & christian vs. hardy boyz * kurt angle vs. chris benoit * edge vs. kurt angle  dvd extras :  * wwf world champion bob backlund vs. pat patterson ( clipped , 12 : 55 aired , 9/24/79 ) * bruno sammartino vs. ivan koloff ( 9 : 02 , 12/15/75 ) * wwf intercontinental champion don muraco vs. jimmy snuka ( 6 : 40 , 10/17/83 ) * wwf world champion bob backlund vs. stan hansen ( 8 : 44 , 4/6/81 )  disc 2   over 3.5 hours of bonus material ! * nwa u.s. champion tully blanchard vs. magnum ta in an " i quit " cage match ( magnum wins title , from starrcade , 14 : 41 , 11/28/85 ) * * * * * * nwa world champion ric flair vs . dusty rhodes ( rhodes wins title,from great american bash , 21 : 01 , 7/26/86 ) * nwa world tag team champions the rock 'n ' roll express vs. ole & arn anderson ( from starrcade , 11 : 23 , 11/27/86 ) * wwf world champion bret hart vs. owen hart ( from summerslam , 32 : 17 , 8/29/94 ) * * * * * * triple h vs. mankind ( from summerslam , 16 : 25 , 8/3/97 ) * wwf intercontinental champion shawn michaels vs. marty jannetty ( 13 : 12 , 1993 ) * edge vs. kurt angle ( from smackdown , 14 : 41 , 5/30/02 ) * * * * 1/4  easter eggs ( hidden features ) :  * disc 1 : ending of the ronnie garvin nwa world title win over ric flair . access it by going to the chapters menu , scrolling down to the flair vs. garvin match , click right twice . you will see the final 3 minutes of garvin 's win . ( 9/25/87 ) * disc 2 : see a special interview by owen hart prior to his match with bret hart . the interview takes place in an empty arena in anempty cage.access it by going to the extras menu , scrolling down to the hart vs. hart match , click right twice . information :  * encoding : region 1 ( u.s. and canada ) * playstation 2 compatibl
being a fan of cesar , i expected something new and informative . this dvd is nothing more than a bunch of selected episodes from his series . so , if you already have his episodes on dvd , do n't buy this , unless you want the aggression-specific episodes on one disk
the forgotten starring julianne moore and domnic west is a slow , tepid , and hard to grasp film . the previews for this film were better than the actual movie , i guess that 's a bad sign that the movie is n't going to be great ( i 'll try and remember that next time ) . the only reason i am giving the fogotten 2 stars is the scene with alfe woodward , you 'll know what i mean when it happens , the scence is scary and comes out of nowhere , very intrguing spurprise awaits . anyways the forgotten is a movie you should see once and that 's it , happy viewing
this is one of the most boring movies i have ever seen . i knew from the very beginning of the movie that there was no way i was going to be able to stay awake through the whole thing . i was right ; i fell asleep about fifteen minutes into it . recently , i was offered the chance to watch it again . i thought , " ok , i did n't see the whole thing , it might have gotten better , so i 'll give it another chance . " ... bad mistake . this little tale about a horse race across a vast desert did nothing to hold my interest for very long . hidalgo is the name of the horse . so what ? that 's about as boring as this movie . so why the 1-star markup ? cause the main character is played by viggo mortensen , of aragorn fame in the smash movie series the lord of the rings- and i do like viggo . i did not , however , like this movie . it 's kind of fitting it should be set in a desert- cause that 's exactly where this movie should be buried , never to bore another wave of audiences again . if you find yourself overworked and in need of a nice long nap , watch hidalgo ; you 'll be out in no time
i have a 2 year old and have seen him on all the kids channels . i was hoping the dvd would show each of his songs as they are performed on tv . instead it was like a concert and did not keep my attention nor my sons . this would have been a better cd instead of a dv
it is hard to believe that the same team that made gettysburg made this verbose waste of time . this movie almost guarantees that the last full measure will never be filmed and that is a shame . it was a mistake to take stephen lang and put him in the role of jackson . jackson was considered , even by his contemporaries , a military genius but crazy by half . the film missed the mark with their attempt to show his religious convictions and his devotion to duty . lang had him speaking in long winded prose that sounded like bad soap opera dialog desperately trying to be shakespearean . the prayer scene in the morning ? puke ! it could have been a voice over with battles scenes or soldiers marching , or anything else rather than what became just a terrible scene . most of the " women " folk of the south were equally sappy and long winded , and i hate to say it but i was glad when the too precocious for words overacting child died of scarlet fever i was glad to be rid of her . her scenes should have been left on the cutting room floor . i get it jackson was " such a warrior and a peaceful lover of children at the same time what a diametrically opposed individual " give me a break , i hate being force feed like that . a better director could have gotten the same point across quicker and more subtly . then there is chamberlain quoting shakespeare while all around him look off to the distance with thousand yard stares . there is supposedly 4 to 6 hours of footage lying around to this film . i would love to see it reworked by a better director into what it should have been . a narrative like gettysburg that goes back and forth between a few central characters in a logical sequence without all the ham fisted attempts a proselytizing and all the noblesse oblige . if you must see it borrow it , rent it , but do n't waste money buying it unless it is in the $ 3 bin at the local dirtmart . gettysburg is much better . i actually missed sheen and i hate that guy
susan ward,coming out of daytime and primetime soaps on tv , gave movie acting a try with this rather lame picture from aol films . director mary lambert tries and fails to give us a basic instinct story with zero script and while this was a studio pictures , it looks like warners gave them a fairly low budget to work with . as the lack of film sets show . if you like susan ward , then give this a movie a try , if you want to hope that she gets better film roles in the future , don " t find it here
i was really looking forward to this , i 've seen cheap trick live , and they really put on a good show . i do n't know how some of the other reviewers can give this 5 stars for audio . it is like listening to a concert in an empty warehouse - muffled audio , and underpowered vocals . i have a 5.1 home system and this is probably the worst sounding concert dvd that i 've ever heard . i 'm giving it 2 stars because i think it was a good show to see live ( if you were there ) , but the audio quality ( or lack of it ) ruined it for me
let me start off by saying that i have higher degrees in art , art history , music , and romance languages -- so i am an admitted " art snob . " having said that , i would recommend that you try the baby einstein " baby van gogh , world of colors " and " baby mozart " videos instead of this brainy baby video . i find this brainy baby video to be slow , boring , insipid , condescending , and visually uninteresting ; i can not wait to put in something else . wait , you say , is n't this about the baby who is watching it ? well , i first realized that it is truly boring ( and not " just me " ) by watching my 6-month-old 's reaction to it . ( she is now 10 months old , and still does not like it . ) she consistently snubbed her nose at this video ; she did not watch it for more than a few seconds at a time and always turned away to find something more interesting to do . she has never had this reaction to the einstein videos i mentioned . i tried reintroducing this video every few weeks since she was 6 months old , thinking maybe she would grow to understand it better , but after 4 months of this approach , she still is not interested . however , the einstein videos have captivated her from the beginning , and still do . here are the specifics that i think are the problem . the visuals are weak and not bold/colorful enough . my daughter is bored by watching the other babies play with toys . the female voice-over is distracting and annoying , rather than engaging and instructional as intended . the flow is not as coherent as the einstein videos , which are broken into little themes that make sense in each video . there is no charm or sense of humor , like the einstein videos . no , i do not have any connection whatsoever to the baby einstein folks . i 'm just saying that the brainy baby videos seem less professional and are not as engaging . if you 're going to spend the money and spend your time watching a video with your baby , buy one that you and the baby will enjoy together
the long long trailer is a good movie but too many girls is when lucy and desi were very young and thin but the movie too many girls is awful and forever darling is awful
my friend bought this set and so i was able to view it before purchasing it myself , and i wo n't be purchasing it . i had seen the long , long trailer before and it was one of the most aggrivating movies i have ever seen ; one of those films where you ca n't believe 2 people could be so dumb to do some of the things they do . we enjoy most of the i love lucy series , but there is a point where you can only take so much of those shows ; the aggrivating ones , and this film was just an overly long aggrivating i love lucy episode . there is funny humor and aggrivating " humor " and this was definitely the 2nd type . yes , it was interesting to see lucy and desi doing films together , but overall these films are just tolerable , and none are ones i would rewatch for enjoyment . too many girls was definitely a b picture , really really bad in so many ways...poorly written script , cheap scenery ; you never got the feeling they were in college , except at the football game , which seemed so similar to the football game the marx brothers participated in in horse feathers ! too much partying , singing , dancing ; what was this school majoring in , theatre and opera ? it just is a really bad picture . yes , neat to see lucy and desi and how they met , and see them so young together , but otherwise , a real time waster in my mind . the funniest thing on this disc was the cartoon extra ! of the three , forever , darling is probably the best but again that seemed " lacking " somewhere . the color was that beautiful almost surreal 50 's color that i like . the yosemite scenery was beautiful too . but i think the angel stuff could have been much better developed ; he was out of the scene too long at times . the part i liked best was lucy imagining herself in the movie with james mason because it was quite funny . but the camping trip was just a very predictable mishap time that was too much in the i love lucy mold and i was bored with it quickly . i know die hard fans of lucy and desi will buy this no matter what , and that 's fine . but for others , i advise you see them first...you may like them , but then you may see them for what they really are cinematically . there are lots better movies out there that i would rather buy ! i rate these 2 stars ; one star to me is " torturous " to watch . these are n't that bad , but almost .
i saw this movie a while back only because the family of the girl i was dating at the time was watching it and therefore was forced to sit down and watch it too . to this day,i pray i do n't ever have to sit through 2 hours of crap that trashes the reputations of the average mexican-american again . as a mexican-american who has worked hard to take the right road in life,i was disturbed at the storyline of this wannabee classic . do we really need to come out with a movie for all of america to see that shows a negative side of the mexican race ? prison sex ? babies drinking beer ? young kids doing a drive by ? mexicans killing innocent blacks and vice versa ? please ! ! ! ! wake up mexicans-americans ! we need some positivity ! ! ! ! ! edward james olmos said he made this movie because he wanted to send a message . what message ? that doing the things shown in this movie are bad ? i think we knew that already ! what surprises me alot is all the positive reviews on amazon that this movie got . this of course means that no matter how much sense i have made,it is more than likely that no one will find my review helpful . p.s....let us not forget that i am not the only one who thinks negative about this film . several consultants involved in this film were murdered by individual ( s ) out there who found the movie offensive . edward james olmos himself was the center of threats following the release of this movie . adios amigos ! ! !
i watched about fifeteen minutes before i got enough . it was so un-biblical it was insulting . besides that , it 's a bore
maybe it 's just me , but i really do n't see the appeal of this movie . it 's an incredibly small production ( 3 actors comprise nearly the entire film ) , with very low production values . norman reedus gives by far the weakest performance as the hitchhiker , but alan rickman and polly walker are not at their finest , either . ( and i am an alan rickman fan just like anyone else who would even consider watching this movie . ) if you are an alan rickman fan , chances are you 've already seen your fair share of horrible and incomprehensible movies that leave you wondering why an accomplished actor would choose them . and dark harbor is just one more of these . do n't let the promise of a " nude scene " convince you to buy this movie - honestly , alan rickman is better appreciated with his clothes on . as far as the movie is concerned , the plot is unoriginal and not particularly engaging . it is a very dialogue-heavy film and the dialogue is not well-written enough to carry it off .
i have seen many pathetic films in my life . this topped them . did i rate one star ? sorry- i meant negative 11 stars . it was the absolute worst movie i have ever seen in my entire life . it was a total waste of three hours when i could have been sleeping . there was no point . the script and storyline were pathetic . the gore was overdone- too much blood , killing , and the like . it was totally historically inaccurate , and the civil war scenes were so grossly unrealistic that it was laughable . all civil war veterans are rolling over in their graves . any scene that was supposed to be touching was pathetic . one of the abolsute bombs was when clint eastwood fires off a canon twice with his cigar- yet he does not even load it- either time . and somehow , without even aiming the canon , he knocks his 'friend ' off his horse . the movie is a failure . f-a-i-l-u-r-e. crappy . junky . just plain dumb . stupid . pathetic . i am not going to waste any more words on it . just....whatever you do....save your money . do n't buy it . it 's not worth 50 cents
okay , it 's not high art but this film has something to say all be it in a round about fashion . it does make the viewer wonder about modern medicine and how it can possibly affect those who take it on a regular basis . on the other hand , the film lacks true suspense . i was hoping for an explosive opening scene when the baby is first born and instead was offered a yawn . the baby itself is about as scary as fozzy bear and while there is some blood flow it is kept to a minimum . the pacing is too slow at times and it just does n't stand up that well today . the actors who took part in this did n't go anywhere say for the father who went on to appear in the sequel . why there was a sequel is beyond me . i recall how frightening the commercial was for this film when it first came out but i was only five at the time . at the most this is a rent not a buy . i guess good for it 's time but perhaps a re-make would pump some needed life into the story .
this straight-to-video 's modest budget is attested to by the fact that while most of the action is supposed to take place at a large state prison , this prison only seems to house about 12 inmates . the plot is that old but reliable one about a man posing as a prisoner so he can go " undercover " and solve a crime . the crime in this case is not especially interesting and it 's resolved in much too pat a fashion . however , leading man tommy lee thomas looks good with his shirt off , ( though he seems too small to be throwing his weight around ) , and there 's a torture scene , ( modeled on the one in " lethal weapon " ) , in which he 's hanged by his wrists and zapped with electric shocks . mr. thomas ' performance may not be of oscar caliber but he does know how to yell .
pinocchio - 24.50 101 dalmatians - 19.99 mulan - 22.49 hercules - 22.49 peter pan - 29.99 lion king .. not lkii 22.49 lady and the tramp 24.00 jungle book - 22.99 little mermaid - 18.99  grand total : - 207.93  all of them are special editions and i 've not the listed reduced private seller price , thats the straight up corporate sham price . i regularly shop for awards/trophys and i could n't imagine a pretty case with plate gold finish costing more than 80 bucks thats 287.93 you could still take your sweetheart to the movies and benigans for some baked potato soup for this inflated price . i 'm not sure . . but i do n't think this case is platinum , makes you look any younger , make you fly or will help you sleep better so . . i think i 've made my point
and that is boring and snobish ! i watched the first two hours of this and coud n't keep awake . the narritor 's voice was monotone . i wanted to shout at his pompous , snobish demeanor shut up ! ! in my opinion is not the proper way to educate is to entertain at all god 's peoples . with the narritor , granted he is educated but does he have to shove his creditals and his attitude from the gecko . when you take people on a educating journey ( such as nine hours long ) invite them like you would invite into a warm a loving welcoming home . i felt with his demeanor and atitude felt beat up and like i was crawling on my hands and knees through out the first two hours . i am not watching the rest of the seven hours and returning this dvd set back to the library and saying " check please " .
i was disappointed after the first 30 minutes and realized this was a bad knock off between " the gospel " and " the fighting temptations " . i would not recommend purchasing . you are better off renting
i 've been waiting for this season , literally , for years . it contained ( notice the past tense ) the funniest scene ever in the entire run of the show . it was in the emergency clinic in the episode " my sister , my sitter " where the scene pans around showing the patients . smithers appears holding an empty gerbil cage and is the only patient not sitting down . when i first saw that , many years ago , i literally rolled off of the couch with laughter as my wife stared at me like i needed a padded room . she did n't even understand the joke when i explained it as an alternate lifestyle practice of " hiding " the rodent so as to make sitting down more than a little uncomfortable . this dvd cut has been cut and makes smithers reply about not letting lisa ahead of him make no sense . one of my favorite things about the simpsons was that they did n't care who they offended . well they went pc and now i 'm highly offended ! if they had n't messed with it i would give them 5 stars , or more realistically i would n't have bothered to write this review . quit tampering with the show , fox ! !
please think this dvd is recorded in 1986 . more worse , this is recorded as a documentary . sound quality is worst . after i bought this and dvd of &quot ; company&quot ; ( same , worst sound quality documentary ) , i suspect the word &quot ; concert&quot ; or &quot ; soundtrack&quot ; in dvd title
rather than give another general review as others have kindly done , my review focuses on one aspect of the film , indeed one character , that of martha . martha dunstock is known throughout the film as martha dumptruck . even the film credits include the nickname ` dumptruck ' besides the character 's surname ( evidently feeling the need to labour the point ) . portrayed as unattractive and pathetically grateful for any attention she is given , she unwittingly provides the slater character with information enabling him to murder a student . later , when the cult status of the ` suicides ' ( that is , murdered students ) becomes apparent , martha attempts her own suicide by walking into the path of traffic . but her attempt is shown as a failure . at the end of the film martha is bruised and now disabled , in an electric wheelchair . ryder 's character , having finished her voyage of self-realisation , rejects the school prom night and instead invites martha to stay in with a video and popcorn . martha gratefully accepts and the closing scenes show ryder walking along the corridor while martha encircles her like a planet around the sun . the image of martha in her wheelchair , an object of pity for ryder and for the audience , signifies to us fears of being different , of not being beautiful , of not being loved and respected . martha is the person we are all frightened of becoming . she is given no means of solving her predicament by the film maker . and though some of us in the audience may be fat , or disabled , or both , we may yet still fear martha , and are invited to consider ryder 's protagonist 's journey of self discovery as our own , even is in physical and social reality , we are more like martha . for this reason , ` heathers ' fails as an exploration of the ` hell ' of high school ( a description often used by buffy/angel/ firefly 's joss whedon ) . those in the audience not as thin and complying with western standards of ` beauty ' as the protagonists ( probably the majority of us ) ultimately may find the so-called subversion of cruel hierarchy in this film just that little too shallow , leaving a bitter after-taste . the way ` fat ' people are portrayed in films such as these unfortunately often reflect the predictable , transparent and absurd fixations of the film makers . sadly this is happening even today - in some ways it has gotten even worse since the western world decided to wage a 'war on fat ' ( to quote paul campos ) - and even at best it is lazy film-making .
dull , dull , dull . if i could have submitted a review and given zero stars i would have . pointless
how high is a film that lends nothing , i repeat , nothing to the film community at large . i have read some critics that say that this film introduced a whole new generation to the cheech & chong of the new millennium with the redman/method man pairing . while most seem to agree that this is a horrible film , very few of them mention how utterly racist the overall experience happens to be . when i use the word racist , i mean that it builds upon the degenerate clich    s that african americans struggle with on a daily basis with our society . while there were elements in this film that seemed like there was some reverse racism occurring , what struck me hardest in the face was how embarrassing method man and redman must be to both the film community , but also to their own culture . i have a very open mind when it comes to social issues as well as films , but this one left my jaw on the floor several times . the blatant swings at african american stereotypes were meant to be a source of humor for director jesse dylan , but instead fell flat on their embarrassed face . humor was in very short supply in this film due to the ethnic stereotype clich    s that seemed to be used nearly every second of this film . nothing was original . nothing was exciting . was the pairing of redman and method man an idea of comedic proportions ? i think not . as you can tell from their short lived series after the release of this film , the corporate world wanted to cash in on these two rappers , but soon realized that they were not as bankable as they thought . why ? method man and redman , who completely different people , were nothing more than the same character in this film . with the very subtle hints of method man being smarter , nothing could separate the equality of these two characters . that is why they failed as a comic team . think of matthau and lemmon or the above example of cheech & chong , what made these teams work while the how high team crashed and burned ? what worked the best were the differences that uniquely drew the pair together . their differences made us laugh and sympathetically brought them together , but with method man and redman , they were the same . i was watching the same two characters fight through the same two challenges in this film . what tried to be funny instead transformed into repetitive . what dylan did to counter the similarity between redman/method man was bring in obscure secondary characters that added nothing to the flimsy plot or helped us feel emotion for our two main characters . the clich    jock , the clich    frat boy , the clich    asian ( which was again another racist moment ) , and the clich    rich white boy , just felt and were old . watch college films from the 70s and you will see these same combinations , but what makes the films from the 70s different is that they used them with originality . how high , from beginning to end , was anything but original . i must admit , after watching this film of which harvard was willing to loan their name to , i do n't want to go to harvard . they should have pondered the effects this film would have upon their prestige heritage . how high is a dark spot in harvard 's history . do you know what makes it even worse ? this film was n't even created at or anywhere near harvard . again , dylan was cutting corners to create a false sense of realism that continued to hurt this film . how high has no redeeming qualities . ooops , i stand corrected . the only smile that was ever created on my face during this film was when spalding gray spoke . how did they get him and fred willard to do this film ? i have said it once , i will say it again , some actors just need their bills paid . inconsistency , incompetence , and aggravation seemed to be the hidden themes of this dud . what destroyed this film further is that if you take the actors away and look at the story in general , it is nothing . there is no original story at all with how high . going to college , working for your grades , winning over the heart of the president right at the last minute - this was nothing short of a " cut and paste " film that had no backbone and horrid acting ! i do not like jesse dylan 's style of directing . while i think kicking and screaming is his prized film ( due greatly to will ferrell ) , all of his films seem to be extremely choppy with the editing and are randomly interjected with an overdose of unnecessary scenes . the john adams scene in how high is a prime example . the benjamin franklin moments is another . the unconcluded " truth serum " can be considered another . how high was just scene after scene of inconsistency . lumpy oatmeal would win first place before this film would ever be congratulated ! i blame a majority of the issues with this film on jesse dylan . if he would have tightened the script , created unique and " cult-like " characters , and eliminated the racism , he may have had the quintessential " weed " film in hollywood . now , all he has is a violent case of the munchies and nothing to show for . sad . overall , this was one of the worst films that i have witnessed . never have i been so emotionally charged about the racist moments in this film as i have with how high . the actors , all around , were horrible . the story had no legs to stand on and it became very obvious after the opening credits that unless you were either 10 to 15 years of age , this film would never be considered a comedy . nothing was funny . nothing will make you laugh . the only part worth enjoying in this film is the ending credits . the ending credits give you a chance to walk away and forget this part of your cinematic life . grade : * out of * * * *
i 'm guessing that many of the reviewers are watching this movie through a haze of childhood nostalgia . i had not seen this movie as a child ; those that say it 's faithful to the book must have read something other than lewis carroll 's alice . however , the kitsch value is considerable ; cheezy music and costumes , pure 1985 . that being said , the jabberwock was pretty cool in that " godzilla-man-in-the-rubber-suit " sort of way . also , the set design was very handsome . it 's too bad that the lighting technology of the time could n't have been more varied ; everything looks somewhat flat and two dimensional . the film that comes closest to tenniel 's original alice illustrations is the 1933 paramount b & w version ; it 's not available on dvd but occasionally turns up on turner classics
...just like hollywood and just like the music industry which , i guess , is the point . john travolta , playing on his character from get shorty ( and , to a lesser degree , like his character in pulp fiction and swordfish ) is mr . cool . this time he 's trying to make it big in the music biz . he discovers a new talent ( artist christina milian ) and works his way through an assortment of characters that are more types and cliches than real characters . a brand name cast and yet no one makes any more than a dent on the personality radar . the dialogue seems forced , funnier on the script than on the screen and most scenes feel posed and sterile . most of the actors appeared as bored as many celebrities are outside of their media personae . aside from a few interesting moments , only one speech toward the end made by cedric the entertainer redeemed the film . it 's like a big commercial ( which , i suppose , is any hollywood film ) . certain musicians get shameless plugs ( steven tyler and aerosmith , included in the film ) , various movies get shameless plugs ( including , in a not so disguised fashion , get shorty ) , certain hollywood landmarks ( e.g . the mann chinese theater ) are plopped into the film like a tourist video and even the l.a. lakers and the staples center get a plug . it 's an attempt to play on the irony of making a film about making a film or , in this case , making a musician . so we watch travolta as mr . cool navigating the landscape of the music industry to give christina milian her sudden and instantaneous rise to the top of the charts . the ending is so horribly cheesy i felt as if i was watching american idol . watchable , but barely . the player covered this terrain so much better .
thankfully i watched this movie having recorded it on my dvr so i could fast forward through most of the scenes with uma thurman and john travolta . their scenes and dialogue were so horrible that fast forward was the only way to get through the movie . besides , this is not the kind of movie that you really need their dialogue to understand or enjoy it . as usual , uma 's acting is simply dreadful . i tend to avoid any movie with her in it because i know it will be bad . how she became a " star " in hollywood is beyond me . she is not attractive nor can she act . she could have been replaced by a nobody and it would n't have changed the movie one bit . i think when they need an actress who does n't mind playing drivel roles , they call her . john travolta is not much better . his version of " cool " just does n't do it for me . his diction is becoming more slurred as the years go by that i hate to hear him speak . and someone please tell uma and john that nobdody wants to see them dance so please just stop finding reasons to do so . the only reason i gave this movie 2 stars is because of the rock and vince vaughn . their roles were priceless and had me laughing all throughout the movie . i never grew tired of vaughn pimping and the rock primping . while i fast forwarded through uma and travolta 's scenes , i tended to rewind during rock 's and vaughn 's scenes ; they were so funny i had to see them again . cedric the entertainer was also pretty good .
this was a wishy washy attempt at the truth . the facts are there in parts and pieces , but it was not really put together well . some of the choices of material are questionable as being truly valuable to the topic . this dvd had an agenda and is not unbiased , and i think it failed at it 's overall agenda . there is more than enough information pre-9/11 and post-9/11 to put together something more worthy and accurate than this dvd has attempted to do . if this is the best contrasting evidence to the bush administration that can be produced after all that has happened in the white house and beyond , we are truly in trouble . the truth is out there , and i think this dvd tripped over them and kept walking without looking down and gathering all the facts together . there were plenty of important facts and things said worth listening to on this dvd , but this dvd is maybe worth a glance , but not a long hard look .
a tribute is defined as " a gift or other acknowledgement of gratitude , respect , or admiration . " that is what you have here . but , if you want a true picture of that incredible morning , do n't waste your time and money , look elsewhere
well you know the drill . some people will like anything that is " artsy " or " out of the ordinary " or " made by that great director " . its a different kind of herd but a herd nevertheless . the movie is about incest . it is about sex and adolescence . and , ironically , it is some kind of a parody of the very crowd that is giving this movie rave reviews . the best part of this movie is eva green . or , more precisely , eva green 's body . i did n't care about her acting ( i thought it was mediocre ) . i just sat there and drunk her body in , wishing that i was that lucky actor ( whats his name again ? ) . the only reason to watch this movie is eva green . if she was indeed exploited by the elderly director with an intimidating reputation , then i am glad it happened . the movie is visually rich . in fact , its so rich that bertolucci seems to be masturbating his sensibilities for us all to see . but i will take it . he captures and celebrates eve green 's stunning body - every square millimeter of it ( including her genitals - the movie is nc17 for a reason ) , to perfection . other than that , there is nothing else in the movie . the story is utterly insipid , the old movie clips , the " discussion " of morality or whatever ... nothing interesting . the music is another plus point . bottomline , watch it for eva green 's body . it deserves five stars . but the movie deserves only two
having been a teenager once , i can certainly understand the inner turmoil and angst teens experience . however , in pump up the volume , the movie 's attempt to martyrize teens and make all adults look like uncaring morons only serves to underscore why so many adults look with disdain on teens . the teens in this movie seem to have little respect for authority and their assignation as to being tortured and misunderstood is vanquished in their juvenile behavior . even our hero ( well played by christian slater ) can not communicate with people on a one to one level ; he instead decides to become some kind of salvation to his teens by using his pirated radio shows to cause some kind of uprising among them . as a proponent of truth , he is a vapid antithesis of truth : he fakes masturbation to arouse the youths ; he does n't use his real name or voice ; and on a call with a potential suicide victim , he treats the caller as someone who is n't serious and never really offers any kind of consolation . the suicidal teen says he is lonely and we automatically assume he is lonely within his familial structure , but is n't he just as lonely with the peers who mourn him after his demise ? the adults are played almost as caricatures and the teens as misunderstood heroes . sorry , folks , been there done that...living at any age requires a commitment to better yourself and do what you feel is right . questioning authority without any viable alternatives , as none of these teens do , merely escalates the generational gap , and movies like this are merely attempts to exploit the so called misunderstanding of youth
roger ebert , a review i greatly respect and normally agree with , raved about this flick . roger , i love you , but you missed the boat on this one . i 'm not going to review the plot because it 's been done by several reviewers already . suffice it to say , david lynch did n't get enough of symbolism interpretation in freshman english ( " okay , class , who wants to discuss the meaning of the impaled pig 's head on page 72 in lord of the flies ? david , how about you ? " ) and now want to inflict it on you , the unwitting movie watching public . thanks , mr. lynch , but i 'll pass . i did n't enjoy figuring out the obscure symbolism in page after page of crime and punishment and i did n't enjoy it in scene after scene of mulholland drive . to add insult to injury , lynch prides himself on putting scenes in his movie that make absolutely no sense , rationalizing it by saying life often does n't make sense . this habit of his is less noticible in this film than , say , twin peaks , mostly because the whole film is for the most part senseless . yeah , it 's true that a lot of things are absurd in my own life , but more along the lines of " ...i would 've won powerball this week except i spent my lottery money on a scented candle at the renfaire , what the heck was i thinking... " or " ...i wasted 2 1/2 hours of my life watching this dumb movie , what the heck was i thinking... " but i 've yet to be visited by scrawny cowboy or a wheelchaired dwarf . i must live a sheltered life or something . lynch also forbids chapter cuts in his dvd , believing his movie must be watched in its entirety , or not at all ( i 'd advise the second . ) to be fair , in this case i do n't think he 's motivated entirely by a exaggerated sense of importance , but rather by the knowledge that every male , if given the chance , would overshoot most of the movie and focus on the hot chick on chick action . c'mon all you 5 star givers , admit it ! you find the movie pretentious and silly , but the topless scenes more than make up for all the drippy pseudo-art ! to reiterate , if i wanted to see a boring and pointless dream sequence i 'll rewatch dallas - if i wanted to see a nice rack i 'll take my top off and look in the mirror . who needs mulholland drive
this picture had some good potential but the director tried too hard hard to make it some kind of arthouse flick . a rather pointless attempt to remake brewster 's millions with an altuistic slant . it was n't a " bad " movie it simply was n't a " good " one . boooooooring...zzzz..zzzz..zzz
this movie is for liberals what the left behind book series is for christian conservatives , it portrays reality how they want to see it . its like they wanted to make a good story but tried too hard to cram as much pc political propaganda in as possible and ended up ruining it . entertaining in some parts but pretty dumb overall imo
this movie was a weak effort by capra , who directed it , and the star , gary cooper . it 's a good story , just poorly directed ( capra ca n't hit a home run every time ) . i found the acting very wooden and the movie seemed to just drag on and on . and no extra features on the dvd , at least none to speak of
i never saw this movie until i was 16 . the girl i was dating at the time loved this movie . the rocky horror picture show was number one on her list so i tend to compare this one to that one not that the storys are similar in any way . but they do have one thing in common they are both horrible movies . i did give this movie two stars because it had some slightly entertaining moments , well so did fraggle rock ! fraggle rock got cancelled for a reason ! everyone burn your copies now
did nicholson read the script before signing for this movie ? was he broke that he had to act ? has he reached senility to accept to play in such a poor scenario ? well , as a fan , i am totally disappointed . do n't waste your money for this , it is not worth
i turned it off after 20 minutes
if they 're releasing 2 volumes per season , does n't that mean that there will be 18 sets since the show was on 9 years ? at $ 35 a volume that 's over $ 600.00 !
i do n't know how this skunk got 4 and 1/2 stars on amazon let alone one ! i could hear hepburn , bogart and holden rolling over with a resounding boom . i think this is mainly because of ford 's linus . he is a very unsympathetic character in this remake . the film critics said that , while the original sabrina was about her transformation , this version was about linus ' transformation . but here linus shows no transformation that you can really see . his explanation to sabrina for his deceitful romancing at the end- " there was a merger , and you were in the way . no hard feelings " is very cold compared with bogart 's " would you believe i enjoyed every minute of it ? " in the original , you get the feeling that sabrina gets the right man ; you do n't get that here at all
for what purpose these lies about the life of this man ? are the liberal film makers racists who do n't believe that there is a good black man to depict on film so they have to lie ? if someone wanted to write fiction about a badass black fighter on the cusp of super stardom who is framed for a murder then be my guest . hurricane carter is not and was not that man . facts : in the movie denzel washington is shown in military garb with more medals on his cheat than colin powell . they want to drive home the point that here was a man who served his country and is now about to be screwed by it . fact is carter was kicked out of the army after being court mashalled 4 times ! in a title fight scence with an italian american fighter named giodello carter is depictied as beating this man pillar to post only to be screwed out of the decision he so richly deserved . fact , giardello deserved to win that fight according to the overwhelming number of experts who have viewed it then and now on tape . the depitction is another lie . another lie is this notion put forth in the movie that hurricane was on the verge of getting that title before mean white bigots framed him for this murder . fact is that carter 's boxing career was going down hill and he had only won 8 of his last 15 fights . as carter 's boxing career failed he became more militant in his political views and hated white people . while in prison he was diagnosed to be psychotic . yeah a psychotic racist is the model for black america . shame . norman jewison must not think much of black folks to make a movie of lies like this . denzel washington should be ashamed he participated in such trash . those who produced this trash bet that the average public would be gullible enough to believe these lies with no attempt at knowing the truth and hollywood did n't care ; they just like the message . looking at these reviews i have to say they made a good bet . america bashing and race baiting is alive and well , earning oscars and making for big box office . a shame .
not only does the new music change the mood and quality of critical scenes , it 's tantamount to watching old batman episodes . as soon as something develops , in comes the cheesy music.. . the added scenes were poorly produced which is why they did n't make the original cut...the interviews seemed contrived . i 'm not impressed . the older version supersedes the new
the movie is one of my favorites , works on both a romantic level , and a comic level . but where 's the widescreen ? todays consumers are more educated ( thank god ) and they 've almost stopped asking the stupid question " why watch widescreen , you lose the top and bottom of the movie ? ! " they finally get that you are seeing more of the movie with widescreen and not less . so how can i be expected to buy this dvd ? it is for all intents and purposes " incomplete " . who 's going to pay for all of something and be satisfied with only getting some of it ? buy this movie as soon as ws version becomes availible
this movie was obviously made by japanese fans of several american films . it then tried to mix them all together in one film . the main ones are the matrix , reservoir dogs , and night of the living dead . especially the matrix . we have several yakuza meeting at a specified location where they usually bury their victims , the location turns out to be a forest of reincarnation so their victims are coming back to life . then it is a dead-come-back-to-life genre gore film heavy with feuding yakuza elements . our main character has the long black matrix type coat and general emotionless demeanor . the high-tech 360 camera movements of the matrix are blatantly being imitated minus the high-tech aspect . instead it is obvious that the camera itself is being moved 360 around the action . i really hated the matrix so a film mainly paying tribute to the matrix already has a big strike against it . as for the other elements , they were all brought in awkwardly and it just seemed to constantly extend the story with another element of their favorite american movies that they wanted to include . the gore was mostly uncreative and uninteresting . note that if you are looking for something different than typical american movies by checking out those wacky japanese movies , you will not get it here
hart 's war had potential . the last months of world war two as a backdrop with demoralized gi 's crammed into an overcrowded pow compound . if this picture was soley about the hardships endured by surrendered soldiers during the battle of the bulge , then it could have had a chance . instead the film makers took on too many plots and subplots . unintentionally the movie borrows from slaughterhouse five , a soldier 's story , the great escape and stalag 17 . a cardinal rule in war films is that the premise has to be simple . in hart 's war we find some good elements lost in a virtual mulligan stew . in the story colin farrell 's character , a rear echelon lawyer , accompanies another officer on what he thinks is a joyride . unfortunately for farrell , the germans have launched their attack in the ardennes . the young lawyer is captured , harshly interrogated , and finally shipped out to a german stalag . there he meets the senior pow officer , played by bruce willis , and tries to settle down in the dirty and uncomfortable life of a pow . a soldier is killed and a recently downed tuskegee airman is accused of murder . yes , you guessed it . farrell takes on the aviator 's defense during the subsequent courts martial . if director gregory hoblit left the storyline to develop around the trial a decent film could have emerged . instead we have additions of colonel hart 's unexplained behavior , an mass tunnel escape plot , sabotage and the german commandant 's attempt to befriend the american lawyer as superfluous baggage . hart 's war was filmed in the czech republic , no doubt to cut costs . a little more effort and a lot less story and this film would have had a better showing at the box office . still , if you enjoy war movies you should probably add this dvd to your collection
unless you enjoy movies that are not funny , not scary , and have the worst actors this side of rodeo clowns , do not watch this series of horrible flicks . putrid ! not even " so-bad-it 's-funny " . absolutely the worst films in the history of mankind ! heed my warning ! sucks ! !
i can not believe the black actor in this film is so sterotypical of the ghetto or uneducated image we 've seen in films like " baby boy " . almost every line he had included a cuss word or n word . he did n't add a thing to the film except to be an annoyance . i do n't know what this film was about . there are parts where there is a long silence with no talking . the whole movie was shot in the house with the exception of the maid when she finally leaves the house . there are a few scenes where the characters are running around without any obvious aim . the film attempts to make the audience interested only to leave us saying , " what was all that excitement about ? "
how anyone could rate this movie 4-5 stars is beyond belief . this was such a contrived movie that had a simple plot that went nowhere . as i watched this movie i could not figure out if it was meant to be a comedy or a drama . it was never very funny and both lead actors , playing one white and one adopted black brother , had scenes in the movie that were terrible . romany malco has a scene where he is running around in his underwear for no apparent reason accept to show off his body . he jumps out of bed when his cell phone rings , runs down the stairs and then outside and back in just to gather everyone in the house and scold them , in his drawers ? he is talentless and idiotic as a &quot ; brother&quot ; in france that no one can relate to . paul rudd is likable but his shining scene is when he comes back to the chateau drunk and &quot ; grossly&quot ; tells off everyone - people he has known for less than a week ! the servants are the best actors in the movie and play their parts well...but ca n't make up for the dismal rest . ludicrous - a bad movie that probably could have been funny if they had went for laughs instead of drama . this is another example of a rental that you think is going to be good but then disappoints
the movie " dead life " by director william victor shotten is a throwback to the great movies of old such as night of the living dead--or at least it tries to be--unfortunately it 's a stupid attempt and being original through looking old , which in itself is an irony . looking at its writing , there 's absolutely nothing to commend this movie on . though this movie at least tries to give you an explanation as to the existence of zombies , it 's as thought-out as a cat 's decision to chase a shiny object . the common mistake made with romero 's films is that the story was n't well thought out , since they never really explain the zombies ( except a bit in the original about a meteor ) ; however , what people do n't realize is it does n't matter why . romero 's films are satirical in nature , they focus on a larger picture and disregard details , that 's what makes them so great--that 's what makes them films . dead life makes some attempt and showing depth with its underlying theme , except it 's stupid and unoriginal , and really not shocking or thought-provoking in the slightest . this movie is not shocking , it 's not realistic , even the " gore scene " everyone is referring to is only a stupid attempt at being shocking and over-the-edge ; but it comes off as just being tasteless . people are giving this movie credit for having no money , but really , people have done better with less . the acting is ridiculous , the sound is poorly dubbed , the camera is always out of focus , and the special effects are lame . it is a tasteless zombie romp with no point whatsoever , it does n't deserve credit for having a low budget , it makes no effort to make people think and makes no effort to be good , period . night of the living dead was a low-budget film , this is not even close to reaching that level . oh , and it actually takes sound effects straight from the first resident evil game and dubs them in . seriously
okay i admit , they had a shoesrting budget and did most if not all the work on the weekends with the help of friends . heres my problem , they could have at least paid more attention to the focus of the camera , most of the scenes were blurry , every now and again the focus was clear , i mean c'mon , when i was fourteen i made a short stop motion animation film using an old bell and howell super 8 cam and even then i paid attention to the focusing.okay enough of that , now for the pros of the film . the make-up fx were good and there is one scene that will make most men wince , the outdoor and some indoor settings had a notld feel . overall i recomend at least checking it out and make up your own minds , at least you can say you saw it . rent if you can , if not , buy used
for years , i 've bemoaned the switch from film to digital video for low-budget horror movies , but i 'd rather watch anything shot on video than watching the waste of film that is dead life . do n't be fooled when i say this movie is shot on film . it seriously looks like it was shot on a 1950s 8mm camera . it 's perpetually grainy , dark , fuzzy , and shaky , and not in an artsy way . my $ 200 video camera looks infinitely better than this . the video quality is appropriate , however , as it 's matched in wretchedness by every other facet of this stink-fest . the sound is murky and undecipherable , the acting is strictly amateur hour , the characters are paper-thin with no distinction or purpose , the story is non-existent , the dialogue is a completely worthless bore , there 's nothing remotely scary , and the special effects ( including a couple of computer effects that look like they were made on a commodore 64 ) are laughable . or , at least , i wish they were laughable . that would 've at least made for some sort of enjoyment instead of the utter torture of this ( high school ) student film . it 's movies like this -- cheap and devoid of any real effort to uphold the horror legacy , but which get cherry spots on blockbuster shelves because they 're packaged with slick cover art -- that give horror movies in general ( and zombie movies in particular ) a bad name , and that make horror fans so wary . disgraceful !
unfocused , repetitive , and worst of all - boring ! what should have been a slam dunk documentary about one of the worst blights on the modern age of politics instead turns out to be a damn shame . ronnie earle , the district attorney at the center of the film , says , " this is n't about democrats and republicans , this is about cops and robbers . " if only the makers of this film could have been so concise at some point in the first reel or two of their documentary as to what it is they were trying to say . instead , from the start , the big buy feels like a film you 've walked into thirty minutes late . following the theme stated by earle of cops and robbers , the big buy is supposed to have a film noir aesthetic , but the intended use of light and shadow is so intermittent you likely wo n't notice . somewhere in this mess is a good film and a better story , to bad it 's not being told here .
with the exception of disc # 6 this collection was very disappointing . it was obvious that the show lost its charm after season # 3 and was well on its way out before paul reubens little incident . however , if you liked pee-wee herman the first collection under playhouse # 1 is excellent . it was fresh and innovative . my 3 year old loves the first 6 discs . disc # 7 to disc # 10 are actually pretty bad and not worth the purchase . they should have included disc # 6 with the first set . anything after that was simply not entertaining . the quality of all the discs still is excellent .
leeches is a terrible movie . dude , i have never seen anything so gay in my whole life ( except the director 's other film speed demon ) . when the guys were less clothes than the gals , thats not a good sign . the video shelves at a local corporate video rental store carry tons of this director 's work . they 're all filled with loads of homoeroticism . women are ugly and they were single piece bathing suits whilst the guys wear banana hammocks . the 'roided up leeches enter their " male " victims through anal orrifices . after watching about a half hour of this mess i had to turn it off . why does this guy fool people into renting these movies . i do n't mind gay subtext in films but when it takes over the film and hits you over the head with it then it 's time to draw the line . no hetro relationships in this one . just the director molesting his male stars with his camera . horrible stuff , stay away from david decoteau 's work and his fifty different aliases ( unless you know what you 're in for )
" the o.c . " has got to be one of the most overrated , overhyped , shows that i have ever seen , this side of " friends " . this show makes me ashamed to be from socal.their is nothing appealing or compelling about a bunch of rich , spoiled , suburban , white teens ( sorry,i mean 24,25,28 year old acters playing teenagers ) and their so called " problems " .i admit,i tried to give this show a chance , i tried to watch a few episodes,and really , i could n't make it passed the half an hour mark w/out turning it to adult swim or some " nick at night " re-run or something . and speaking of white , is " o.c . " suppose to stand for " orange county " or " only caucasians " . i had no idea , that their were no black , mexican , or asian people that lived in the " o.c . " peter gallagher 's character is suppose to be the " bad guy " huh ? please ! how about i snatch this chump off the " o.c . " streets , toss him in a trunk and take him to long beach , compton , crenshaw , or watts and then lets see how " bad " a guy he is then . the bottom line is , i ca n't stand this gay , fake show and i ca n't stand all you losers that praise it even more ! and by the way , this show do n't even belong in the same zip code as b.h . 90210 ! now put that in yo pipes and smoke it !
i expected alot more from richard harris . he was very stiff and it was hard to warm to his portrayal of abraham . also , there was n't enough vocal input from god , expecially since his promises to abraham and indeed the world should be center stage and offer the viewer a wholistic picture of the first covenant . there were some omissions and scenes out of order from the bible . i was somewhat annoyed that the movie had god saying that sarai 's name means princess and that he would change it to sarah which means queen . this is not true ! ! in hebrew sarah means princess . such apparently small mistakes really withdraw the films credability
in dr yang 's dvd i expected to find a good reference for my practice of the yang 108 form , but i am very displeased with the quality of the dvd . for the price that i paid , i expected a least good video quality . when dr. yang executes the complete form the illumination is very poor ; there are close ups of the upper body and obviously , the movement of the legs is not seen ; you get lost with changes of camera angles ; at some point , you can see people in the background ; and the stage is not properly set up . also , and with all due respect , his movements are weird . i have seen several presentations and videos of other professional instructors of the yang 108 form and there are several differences in the way movements are executed . definitively i do not recommend this dvd to any one who wants to use it as a reference , you can use it as a movie
i have been a long-time radiohead fan and , like many others , have been waiting patiently for a live dvd . so i was thrilled to find out they released one and immediately bought it without even looking at the setlist . it never occurred to me that they would release material that is nearly 10 years old ! i could n't help being disappointed when i watched this dvd . the constantly changing camera angles and general lack of concern for the song itself make this unpleasant to watch . in fact , i only watched it once and it has since been gathering dust . i know i would have enjoyed it much more had it come out when the songs were still in their prime . i 've always that radiohead was modern , progressive , and totally innovative . i appreciate their old music but they have come a long way since pablo honey... and it does n't help that before every song , thom mutters " this is a new one . "
the original " candyman " sucks so bad , but everybody praises it and i kept wondering to myself , " am i missing something ? " so , i tried watching it again and it still sucked as i could not even get through it , so i figured maybe i should watch the sequels and maybe i would find something that i liked about this series . well , after watching " candyman 2 " , one becomes cognizant that this series is just full of rubbish...again , the social overtones and politically correct notions present in this series make the movie absurd in the extreme . the villain in " candyman " makes me want to laugh because he is so not scary...if you want a good laugh , watch the " candyman " series , but if you want to be scared , you would even do better to watch " ren and stimpy " . in all seriousness , watch " halloween " and " halloween ii " if you want to see a good slasher and horror movie that really produces the goods and does n't try to send a social message . lol . some people call " candyman 2- farewell to the flesh " a horror movie...i just call it rubbish
love the movie , but the quality of the dvd put out by alpha video was so bad it was very difficult to watch . the sound was scratchy and muffled and the picture looked as if the brightness was turned all the way up . if you do n't want to be disappointed and feel like you 've been ripped off , wait for the remastered cut before you buy this one
my son loves airplanes and jets ! i bought this dvd based on the rave reviews of people with young children loving this video . if you want a dvd that shows airplanes/jets flying , do not buy this dvd ! the name of the video should be , " watch the blue angles get ready to fly , " because that is what this video is . in the first 20 minutes there are short scenes of the jets flying . then the next 25 minutes is no flying just talking and showing the blue angles getting ready for their show . in the last 8 minutes you get to see part of an air show . my son has never made it to that point . he wants to see airplanes/jets fly and i 'm now on a new search for a dvd that will do this for him
" kings and queen " is a bloated french drama that rambles on for an interminable two hours and thirty-two minutes to no discernible point or purpose . the film features two stories that seem unrelated at first but which eventually connect with one another about halfway through the movie . the first centers around nora and her struggles with various men in her life , including an elderly father who discovers he has only a few days left to live . the other story involves a young man named ismael , a violinist who finds himself placed - unfairly , he believes - in a mental institution through the machinations of an unknown third party . after traveling along on separate tracks for awhile , these two narrative strands eventually come together when we learn that ismael is a former lover of nora 's and the man she has chosen to adopt her son from an earlier , tragic relationship . with a bit more focus and a considerable amount of streamlining , " kings and queen " might have been a potent , engrossing drama about modern day relationships . it certainly has moments of tremendous insight and emotional power , and the performances are , for the most part , complex and touching . but , taken as a whole , the film meanders and maunders to such an extent that , quite frankly , it begins to wreak havoc on our patience and to wear out its welcome early on . even more distressing is the fact that , even though we spend what seems like a mild eternity in the company of these people , we really do n't know quite what to make of any of them when the show is finally over . for instance , nora 's father , on his deathbed , writes a withering diatribe against his daughter 's character that simply does n't gibe with the woman we 've been looking at for well over two hours . nora is admittedly no mother theresa ( then , again , who is ? ) , but she certainly does n't deserve the invective thrown at her by her very own father . nora could be accused of being confused , indecisive , a bit self-absorbed at times , but evil enough to have her father wishing he could give her his cancer and make her die in his place ? i do n't think so . perhaps this film is simply operating at a level of depth that i was unable to fathom . but my suspicion is that even writer roger bohbot and co-writer/director arnaud desplechin would have trouble fully explaining their purpose here . this is a well acted , pretentious bore of a film that takes the audience on a long , rambling voyage through a sea of personal crises , a journey that leaves the viewer no wiser or more enlightened at the end than he was at the beginning .
1 . make sure you set your film in some sort of terrible alternate future where all people are slaves or unhappy or kept under sedation or something . 2 . have every scene take place in the dark . and your underworld must be lit by 15-watt bulbs . 3 . clothe everyone in black leather , particularly capes . this especially works for the villains , but in the interest of equal play the heroes can be edgy and wear black leather too . if they 're villains , shave their heads . give them sunglasses ( for the dark ! )  4 . copying terry gilliam 's masterpiece brazil , throw something retro like brimmed fedoras into the wardrobe . 5 . have a premise where our hero , a lone , semi-geeky guy , wakes up or somehow finds himself in a world he does not remember getting into . he must clear his name of something , even if it 's just getting off pottery barn 's mailing list . 6 . have a mysterious woman who may or may not be in cohoots with the bad guys , but who falls in love with our hero and wants to save him by the end of act ii . 7 . make damn sure she 's sultry . though blondes are generally more popular these days in hollywood , here dark brunettes work best . 8 . have lots of issues that revolve around our brains being dicked with . throw in lots of tortured dialogue about alternative consciousnesses/universes/fuel supplies/sugar substitutes . 9 . this is very important : use the rhetorical line at least once : " do you know what will happen if you [ find the kiber crystal/try to rescue your love-interest/defy dr. morphface/turn on a bright light ] ? " indeed he ( and we ) do n't . this is supposed to get us all scared and anxious . 10 . our hero should have had , if possible , a happy childhood that turned tragic . slaughtered parents work great here . of course , he does n't remember any of it , at least at first . 11 . populate your world with lots of machines with tubes , wires , cables , and ducts . there also should be flashes of lightning that serve no purpose . 12 . make sure your sets and costumes were " derived " from some black and white classic film from the 20s or 30s--metropolis , caligari , even frankenstein will do nicely . this is both to show you have a " legitimate pedigree " and to cover up the fact that you have no original ideas yourself . 13 . make sure all the bad guys bite off their dialogue and sound mean . this is how we know they are bad guys , since lately both sides have been wearing black leather . 14 . the guy gets the girl in the end and the sun comes out . really now , do we have to say this ? ? ? ( however , through most of the movie we must believe the love will be unrequited . the dame should have a troubled history , though you must keep it vague . )  15 . throw in some cyborgs . you got ta have cyborgs . 16 . have sets that are about fifteen times larger than they need to be , but which are largely empty . 17 . there 's always the authority figure who starts out in pursuit of our guy , but who by the end becomes convinced of his innocence and moves to his side . 18 . there was some vague , recent apocalyptic event that destroyed most of civilization . but be brief here . our audience may get to wondering how one guy saving one girl will restore all of civilization , and you do n't want them thinking about that . 19 . include a sadomasochistic scene or two . the current favorite is to strap the victim spread-eagled on a rotating mechanical device and stick him with needles . this movie likes to stick them through the bone at the front of the skull , a really stupid place to insert a needle ( but then , this screenwriter clearly is n't a brain surgeon ) . 20 . always have a big shoot-em-up climax with lots of explosions , steam , smoke , distorting of the picture with computer tricks , and loud rock music . this is how we resolve things when we have no idea what the hell we 're talking about or how to end the movie . we hope nobody notices . generally they do n't . follow this primer , and whatever you come up with will be called bold and visionary by people whose filmgoing history does n't extend before 1995 , and roger " i do n't wan na become critically irrelevant " ebert
well i went to the concert and the whole time while i was watching it , i was glade they where coming out with a dvd because dvd can hold lots and lots and lots of information and why would they cheap out and not put every artist with every song on here why i would be 100 $ i do n't care i want to see it all . and well i waited months and months , wondering waiting for it to come out , i went there with 3 other friends and it was the thing of a life time . then it was time the p % $ % # @ % # t dvd of the century . thank you emi for destroying a historial document so you can get all your signed contracts on to your dvd . well now all i have to do is use my time machine and get a tape ready and tape the damn concert . wait time machines doe n't exist well now i am going ot have to go underground to get it . but wait i still $ 100 will emi release all the videos on dvd or do we have to go underground to get it from someone who tapped it and is selling it . all i can say this is why the internet was invented for information exchange . if they keep information paticularly this historical document from people , they will share it over the internet . the video does n't belong to 1 company it belongs to the world , the world created this and who does emi think they are by limiting this . i am so sick and tired of this utter b $ % # @ # $ t . no one should settle for this , i demand more and everyone should demand more also.3 billion people watched 1 million spectaters . and what does emi tell you , they will put the crappiest dvd together and then make everyone take the videos down of there website . i believe i shall find them all and put them up on wikipedia because it is n't 1 person who owns the worlds creation . anyone who believes in this should know what it means to them every extra cent of this dvd should go to africa and it doesnt it and its a bloody shame . all i can say is i am making sure this goes on to every review for this damned dvd untill something is done about it . viva la ristance : d -the real lenbo
well , i guess i should 've read more reviews of this dvd . it is strictly for beginners . i do n't sweat and my heart rate barely goes up ( if i do breath of fire it helps ) . when i want an easy day i 'll pop this in and do both sessions . very simple . but i 'm sure it 's good for a beginner--a beginning beginner . sara ivanhoe is soothing though , and encouraging . but seriously , this is a very easy workout
there 's lots of passion in wide sargasso sea the book , but it 's mostly emotional . it 's an extremely multi-layered novel and the work of a true master . the film on the other hand is just your classic , bad 1990s film , beautiful to look at , with lots of skin , languid copulation , heaving bosoms , bodice-ripping nonsense , etc and next to no substance . it has no artistic integrity whatsoever , as its shameless makers must surely know they lifted their middle finger at the spirit of the jean rhys novel when choosing to make the film the way they did . i was unable to feel empathy for both the lead character . the much touted erotic scenes were not developed to what they lead to believe , and it also lacked much enthusiasm . they were incomplete and contributed little , if anything , to the plot . the viewer only gets a glimpse of the passion that supposedly exists between edward and antoinette . therefore , they should have either gone all the way , tastefully ( no pun intended ) , or have left those scenes out entirely . now with regards to the plot of this film there were enormous holes , which perhaps could be rectified by reading the book . but for those who have n't read the book , there should be enough information in the film itself to keep the reader afloat . from the start it was unclear what was really going on with this family ( despite the narration ) . why did the ex-slaves keep laughing ? ( something vaguely explained in the movie , though apparently fully explained in the book ) . why did n't the parrot fly away ? what made the mother go nuts ? at no point in the movie were mr. rochester 's " issues " , as it were , fully explained . the man gets a letter exposing his wife as a creole and dumps her like a hot potato , after ( as christophene explains ) he was the one who came crawling to her in the first place . what a hypocrite . again , maybe this is the ultimate point , that mr. rochester is a snob and the archetypical victorian englishman and that antoinette is the victim of both his prejudice and that of the jamaicans . but none of that exonerates the appallingly abrupt conclusion to the film . so , despite the beautiful cinematography , this movie is a hopeless muddle . i 'd highly recommend the novel by the way : a book you do n't forget in a hurry . needless to say i think you should give this insulting ( to the memory of jean rhys ) film a miss , especially if you 've read the novel : it 'll just frustrate you , no matter how keen on a bit of easy titillation you may be feeling at the time .
the novel of wide sargasso sea was decent book . a re-writing of jane eyre 's bertha . but the film is really hard to tolerate . it starts out ok . although it seems to start deviating from the book early on . past the point where antoinette marries rochester the film turns in to nothing but soft porn and the acting gets worse too .
the lead actor bore an uncanny resemblance to the real edward r. murrow , and there was a lot of realistic smoking for a movie set in the ` 50s , but otherwise i 'd did n't understand all the adulation for what was to me a short , boring movie that seemed much longer . maybe i 've just seen too many biopics lately
this is the poorest of the plethora of jane austen adaptations we have undergone the past decade , with gwyneth paltrow stumbling her way through an unfunny retelling of austens classic . fortunately its been 3 weeks since i watched this and ive managed to put the details of why i found it distasteful into the nether regions of my mind , but it was a mess .
i was hoping that " socermania " would be on the " extreme sports fun " dvd but no ! instead disney had to put on all of the same cartoons that were released on the " disney treasures " this also goes for the other two dvd 's extreme music and adventure fun , allthough 'pluto 's blue note ' , 'donald 's dilemma ' 'no sail ' 'old sequoia ' and 'trailer horn ' are on dvd for the first time but with the new disney treasures " disney rarities " and " the chronological donald volume 2 " ( which might i add could use a lot of improvment on the restoration ) who needs these dvds , so i suggest not to buy these cheap dvd 's and buy the treasures in spite of the bad restoration
film : 4.5 stars ; dvd : 0 stars ( dvd released march 2000 )  this is a very good - albeit not great - film whose dvd release has been ruined by disney , as they so often do : - 18 ( ! ) minutes deleted from the theatrically released version - non-anamorphic transfer  it 's been over six years since the dvd was released . one can only hope that an un-butchered version is in the works . however , based on disney 's track record , and on the quality of their marketing " wizards " , i 'm not holding my breath . do n't know if disney licenses to criterion but , if so , that may be the only way we get a decent dvd release
... tyrese gibson , for worst actor ever . up to this point , i 've been a huge paul walker fan for his comedically bad acting . he 's made a career of it . in this one , his impressive acting techniques involve the use of the word " bro " at least 75 times ( to give his character street cred ) , and thoughtfully rubbing his chin during meetings with the other cops - it 's clear walker is deeply considering his plight . but really walker ca n't hold a candle to the absolutely atrocious acting of tyrese gibson . my god where did they find this guy ? the movie would 've been ok as a standard , mindless action film , but it really was ruined by the 6th grade drama club acting . now you might be wonderning : who 's the genius who decided to put these two together in a movie ? but wait , there 's actually method to this madness . since their was no vin diesel , the director knew he had only paul walker left . and it 's well known that walker can not carry a film ( see " timeline " ) . so what to do ? of course ! find an actor even worse than walker and cast them together ! all of the sudden walker does n't look so terrible , because everyone 's focusing on this other chump . and apparently it worked , because a lot of people enjoyed this film , and there 's even a sequel .
i would love to see the cast of this movie dressed up as hot dogs and thrown into a cage with star jones and marv albert . ( .. .
do n't let the cover fool you , this film is n't half as fun as you may hope it is . maybe it 's my own fault , but i was expecting something more like " groove " , or at least something interesting to watch . and it 's not for my lack of knowledge of the bands , i often listen to joy division/new order/happy mondays , and more from that scene . however , this seemed much more like the story of tony wilson and the factory , than it did about the music , and almost came-off as a documentary . i almost stopped watching it out of boredom , but saw it through anyway . now i would n't call this bad , it had it 's good parts , just not many .
24-hour party people is a mocumentary at the lowest rung ( if best in show was not enough ) that tries at many times to be funny but is mostly in poor taste . the british scene in the 1980 's was influential and at the height of the 2nd brit wave , and michael winterbottom could have exposed the goings-on in a much better way . my main issue with this film was it 's attempts at being funny in a hip-britster fashion that falls flat constantly since the issues occurring are very serious . the dialogue is difficult to follow especially since most of it is meaningless anyway , and the film never really follows it 's premise as much as it should : the rise of factory . i did really enjoy the joy division segments , though , even if exploiting ian curtis 's death was slightly in poor taste . unless you 're a fan of the brit explosion of the post-punk era , and an extreme fan at that , i could not recommend this film . it 's not even greatly educational for music lovers and at times very difficult to get into .
yes . wild things is what i recommend for our jaded eyes . are n't we sick of all the crowd pleasing pg-13 shows which are neither sexy or action packed - most of all with hardly a plot ? wild things is sex sex sex but with witty capital h humor and a twisted story . recent eye candy shows could learn a thing or two from this film . candy can remain sweet and sickening but a great script and a good cast ( from oscar nominee matt dillon , kevin bacon etc ) can turn candy into cuisine
all these shows are the syndicated ones.there are at least 3 min cut from each show.sony sucks big time for releasing edited shows . not the first time ( see soap,other seasons of good times ) .brought mine back and got a refund
beware the reviews that say this is an underrated classic and masterpiece and all that . was real disappointed by 9th gate . this film is tepid , there is none of the satanic intensity/ambiance that you find in 'rosemary 's baby ' it 's too hollywood , surprisingly , considering the maverick presence of depp/polanski . film opens well , with a suicide and depp 's opportunistic character who seems to straddle the moral fence , but it never creates the proper mood or atmosphere . exorcist 3 , which i was equally disappointed in , at least was more satanic . i wo n't spoil anything for those who do want to see it , but the showdown scene between depp and those he is purusing is awkward and poorly directed . emmanuelle seigner comes across more like a hippy chick than a demona . and the 'showdown with the devil ' is a letdown to say the least . this film could have been great but polanski dropped the ball , considering he was the producer/director/co-screenwriter , and the film fails in all three areas . it 's not horrible , so i give it 2 stars . but do n't buy this film , rent it only . buy angel heart instead
to borrow from a previous reviewer : a movie to kill an evening with if you have one that really needs murdering .
i am a fan of historical fiction , and this has to be one of the most historically inaccurate films i have ever seen ! what bothers me the most is that the general public , who has n't read the tudor biographies like some of us have , will believe this stuff because it is their only exposure to the subject ! i wo n't go into all the inaccuracies since other reviewers have already touched on them . why tamper with history , when it was actually more fascinating than what was portrayed in this movie .
i 've been a fan of the who since i recieved my copy of tommy on vinyl in 1970 for christmas . i resisted buying this dvd set for a long time because of the price and knowing that if it was a current release that townshend would be playing an accoustic guitar while someone backstage would be playing what he should be ( he started doing this due to hearing loss years ago ) . the who hasnt been the same since . watching the tommy performance will make you seasick its so out of sync . it just goes to show that some publishers and performers will let anything out the door to make another buck . i had just moved to las vegas when entwhistle died there of a cocaine overdose , it was somehow prophetic in a way , i didnt have tickets for their show that week but i thought with his death it wouldnt have happened anyway . surprisingly it did , ( its all about $ $ $ $ $ ) . if you 've never seen this band in its heyday go get a copy of their live at the isle of wight festival show or woodstock for a second choice and see what this band was really like . and shame on the people who let this recording hit the shelves , i hope they choke on the money .
what were they thinking ? ! there are actually scenes deleted from the original theatrical release ! ! the extended edition is an " abomination " if there ever were one . furthermore , i discourage anyone who has not seen the original from purchasing this product . seek out the original release because i believe the " original " release included in this set is not of the same quality . david lynch was right in not becoming involved in this edition
this may be entitled " warner bros. classic holiday collection , " but warner bros. had nothing to do with the production or distribution of boys town , men of boys town , or the 1938 christmas carol . louis b. mayer may return to haunt the christmases of those heretics against the one , true religion of mgm , who purloined spencer tracey , mickey rooney , and ann rutherford to enrich the reputations of harry , jack , abe , and ted .
absolutely terrible . the most inexplicable comedy phenomena this side of dane cook . nothing happens in this movie ( and i mean nothing ) except a bunch of sullen characters exhanging " comic " glances and looking withdrawn and cynical . i do n't think a soviet run production company could suck the life and charisma out of these talented actors better . so on that point it 's a success . all the sullen , understated lines and glances are supposed to be funny-they 're not , they 're boring . somebody needs to tell wes anderson that too . asap
i think this movie is so incredibly contrived and just so damn cutesy i do n't know why it has gotten so much critical acclaim , especially about how it 's all just so devastatingly human despite everyone acting like a cartoon character ? but being in a liberal arts college i have to listen to almost every other student rave about it so it must have some sort of generational following . the characters and the situations remind me of the short stories i would write in the sixth grade when i was around 12 years old , where all of the characters have a bunch of dumb , absurd eccentricities that anyone could come up with if they wanted to because you 're wanting so badly to be inventive and unique but in hindsight they make you cringe and tear up all those old notebooks full of such irritating , inane nonsense . the whole movie feels like ones 12-year-old self trying to write about adult problems that they 're distanced from yet infatuated by . this movie appeals to the type of people who like to read catcher and the rye so they can either consciously or subconsciously think of their chain-smoking , wannabe-depressed but more like " i 'm so sad 'cause i do n't have a girlfriend " indie-rocker lives into some sort of literary wellspring . i think the visuals in all of his movies are so tremendously appealing , it 's unfortunate he ca n't just do fantasy films or something instead of these barely funny yet barely dramatic " subtle " messages on the human condition or whatever those critics say . hipster drivel - look for something else to watch
i knew i was in trouble with four brothers when i saw that josh howard ( of sports night fame ) was scowling hard , trying to be a tough detroit cop . not believable for a nanosecond . and then it got worse when marky mark said , " why do n't you two cops get some doughnuts and coffee ? "  the rest of the film veers along in that kind of lame and clich    d rhythm . almost every scene in this thing is a howler . and watching it , i remembered i had n't forgiven tyrese gibson for the travesty that was 2 fast 2 furious . still , tyrese is better than garrett hedlund , who looks like he 's a refugee from the outsiders . but the movie 's not a total wash ; after all , it 's got a great soundtrack
seriously , i am an expert , and this movie sucks . but , imagine for a moment--yes , stop and withdraw from your metaphysical prejudices--a movie whose premise is truly profound , strikingly engaging , and culturally challenging--that art is only such relative to those individuals , those ` experts ' , whose tastes , likes and dislikes , decide it so . given that aesthetic claims are empirically nonsensical--a matter of pure subjective opinion--why is it that some art is valued at all while some not at all ? besides this interesting question , which is put forth explicitly , without the pretentious riddles of terrible poetry , and in about 60 seconds , the rest of the movie is obnoxious editing and narration . avoid at all costs .
the only extraordinary thing about this film is how ow could take such a fascinating subject and drain the life out of it . i found myself wanting this to be over about halfway through ( after i dozed off ) . do n't be fooled by the other review here . they are the true fakes ( if you know what i mean ) . save your money and save your time
following live 8 i have to wonder if live aid justifies the euphoria that followed it . most people if honest would say that on the whole musically it was pretty bland and as for achieving its aims-well that 's debatable . what it did manage to do was make bob geldof whom no matter how honourable his motive were done quite nicely out of it thank you . before this his career was on the skids and now he is a household name , knighted by the monarchy and very,very rich . the same with u2 pushed them into the statosphere and made bono think he is some sort of latter day prophet . same with queen pushed them into mega-stardom . so do musicians have a conscience or was it the chance to get maximum worldwide publicity , push their latest album all for fifteen minutes of stage time . sounds pretty good to me . one ca n't help wonder that they could all give there royalties for the past year and wipe out the third world debt without coming on stage and screaming 'give me your money' . there was a shot ( deleted of course ) where backstage the good and the great were dining on expensive food and wine whilst up on stage was a backdrop of the starving . another example of there hyprocrisy . madonna singing 'imagine ' on her latest tour '..imagine-no prosessions..yeah right ! i ca n't help but think for all there posturing there was an eye on global exposure and a chance to feel good about themselves when they went back to their mansion and who would dispute that mccartneys version of 'let it be ' was stomach churning ? face it the only musician ( peter green ex-fleetwood mac ) who wanted to give everything away to charity got certified . proves a point
" capote " , directed by bennett miller with a conscious sensation of subtlety and a slow pace , was widely acclaimed by critics after its release in 2005 . it is based on gerald clarke 's 1988 non-fiction book " capote : a biography " . the film starts by capote 's ( philip seymour hoffman ) interest in the kansas crime merely as a reader and ends with him becoming the most famous writer on the crime . his knowledge of the criminals , especially perry smith ( clifton collins jr. ) , which started from the newspapers elevated to an intimate yet undefined relationship . the writer is sympathetic and sees in smith a strong resemblance with himself , yet he uncaringly and mendaciously uses him to get to his aim . capote was looking for something to write and indeed he found it . " in cold blood " was his most famous novel ; the one that established him as a legendary writer . he was left overwhelmed , confused and unsatisfied , however . the movie is quite ambiguous , though . characters are marginally defined and the dialogue wavers between witty to irrelevant or inexpressive . at many instances it is hard to grasp the causes and consequences of specific situations and conversations . for instance , people are always laughing heartily at what capote has to say , although he never actually says something funny or worth a great deal of laughter . the setting and the music were both barely significant . although philip seymour hoffman 's performance is highly remarkable , the actor 's resemblance of capote is questionable . hoffman is 5'10 " and more stout than the slender , barely 5'2 " truman capote .
this movie is utterly unremarkable -- actually , scratch that . this movie is actually very remarkable -- because of how bad it is . first of all , the protagonist is pathetic : it 's impossible for the viewer to sympathize with her because she is just a pitiful , weak person who does absolutely nothing to try and solve her problems ; all she does is cry and moan . second , the actors are some of the most wooden and stiff performers i 've seen in any movie . third , there are some plot gaps and questions that never get answered , which disrupt the movie 's flow and continuity ; for example , the protagonist gets hit head-on by an 18-wheeler truck , and her car is absolutely mangled , but she walks away without a scratch . someone care to explain how that 's possible ? i probably would have stopped watching this piss-poor excuse for a movie if i was n't at a friend 's house ( and there 's the fact that it 's his movie ) : i sat through it just to be polite . when all is said and done , this movie just is n't worth your time . i 'm glad i 'm not the one who actually paid my hard-earned dollars to buy this piece of dung
i 've been had is all i can say , after reading other reviews i really thought this would be an interesting , exciting movie . instead , the story is lame , the acting is pretty pathetic and it is so not scary or at least gripping . i watched the whole thing as i thought maybe i am missing something , but no there is no twist thats worth mentioning as the whole movie is predictable from beginning to end . sorry guys , but this is nowhere near , audition , tale of two sisters or even whispering corridors
if you 've seen tortilla soup , there is no need to watch this movie . this is just the chinese version of the said movie . the similarities of these 2 movies are so prominent that it would actually be a waste of time and money to buy both - same characters , same plot only in a different setting . i got to enjoy the scenes with food , though.. .
this movie is no " heathers . " it 's not even " mean girls . " as hard as it tried to be witty , shocking , dark , and satirical , it just made me want to bang my head against a wall to make the pain of watching it stop . maybe i 'm just too old for this drivel -- although i could watch " clueless " and " the craft " until my dvd player breaks -- but whatever entertainment value this movie was trying to push , i just did n't get it . the movie was n't funny ( which is sad to say when one of my favorite comedic actresses , carol kane , could n't even elicit a smile out of me ) , the plot was full of holes , and the writing seemed very rushed and contrived . i was n't expecting greatness when i watched jawbreakers , but i was at least hoping for 1 1/2 hours of mindless entertainment . unfortunately , the " entertainment " piece was dropped and i was just left with " mindless .
my wife and i ejected this dvd after half way through and planned to throw it out . i later figured i 'd see if it got any better and watched the rest of it . the last guy is good and i wo n't throw this away now ; he does a bit on throwing up that is good . most of the humor is gutter humour and is not that funny
almost unbelievably bad , except i saw the remake of 'shaft, ' which should have been a forewarning . this is like a comic book for filmgoers . no , not a graphic novel adapted to the screen . more like a comic book for kids , that you 'd be embarassed to own at any age . doubly offensive is the high quality soul music that is on the soundtrack , a travesty to the nth degree .
there are 2 types of people who like black and white films : old people and clever clogs know-it-alls . why watch this when you can buy picture perfect with the lovely jennifer aniston for the same price . the emperor 's new clothes
rent it but by all means do n't buy it . you wo n't watch it more than once . this movie is not for those who have invested 25 + hours into the tv show . although you will better understand what 's going on if you have seen the show , none of this will really seem new or interesting to you . you learn some new facts about bob and the man from another place , but nothing important . for the most part it just tells the story as we have already pieced together from the show , adding only pointless and unrealistic new occurances ( bobby kills someone , donna is replaced by an new actor , coop forsees all the future comings of laura 's murder , etc ) . all of the twin peaks charm that you have come to love is gone and the movie really suffers from that . you ca n't only give coop 10 meaningless lines and expect the show to succeed . i think lynch 's efforts would have been more successful and greatly appreciated if he had made a sequel to the second series , focusing on the complications of coop being in the black lodge , harry having an emotional attachment to coop but being forced to bring him down , etc . i guess if you have never seen the series this may be more interesting , but i dont really think so . overall , the look and the feel was very foreign and uncomfortable and it moved very slow . it is somewhat of a letdown coming from a monster writer/director like lynch . i 'm glad i 've seen it , but hell , i 'd rather watch dune again before this
this is the classic ww2 submarine war movie , and most ww2 submarine vets will tell you that this is the best movie . i greatly enjoyed it and it is true sub action , based on what i read about ww2 submarines . the special effects are a bit cheesy , you can see the wires pulling the torpedos and you can tell that they used scaled model ships...but if you overlook those items , you get fine acting and a good plot with plenty of action
i hated this movie . it is one of those ones that you keep watching because you think it may get better and it never does... stupid plot - too many holes and stupid ending .
i suppose if you never read the book , you might think this movie is good... maybe even charming . but having gone into the theatre with this as my favorite novel , i was so grossly disappointed i ca n't tell you . see , the book is about two people - novalee and willie jack . they head west together , until willie jack abandons her at a walmart . they part ways on more than one level - his life goes as low as a life can , and her life rises beautifully . it 's a study in contrasts , and it 's done impeccably in the novel , with a plethora of complex characters to richen the journey... but it did n't translate because of hollywood 's froo-froo mentality . hollywood cut benny goodluck - a main character in the novel - completely out and shaved moses ( another major character ) down to a bit part while making novalee 's one-visit-mother a major player . and they destroyed forney... who is supposed to be eccentric , late-thirties genius , withdrawn and strange... they turned him into a twenty-something easy-going stud type with a crooked smile . so . not . forney . i never wanted to jump thru the screen and slap people so badly in my life . that horrid . and lexie... she 's supposed to be a size 22 with four kids and white-trash tendencies... and they put ashley judd in the role . hello... ? ! ? ! does that picture at the top look like a size 22 with four kids and white trash tendencies to you ? that 's just the biggie complaints , too . read the book , do n't watch the movie . you 'll be amazed at how inept hollywood was at telling this story
this movie is basically about 12 yr. old boys crying with each other . when does that ever happen ? the dialogue is completely unbelievable considering the age of these kids . what 12 yr. old worries about " ..never getting out of this small town. " ? i guess if your childhood consisted of sitting around and crying with your friends , then you might enjoy this movie in some lame nostalgic sense . i have a feeling oprah would like this movie .
dont get me wrong , i 'm kinda young but i love 80 's / 90 's movies specially the horror ones . i had great spectation for early geoge romero movies . but both night of the living dead and day of the dead are pretty bad . gorge romero is a pionner of the zombie movies and sure a that time they were scarry , but for today standars they are not , even they are not that good for most of the 80 's 90 's movies . the bad :  1 . acting is not beleavible . it looks like the were " acting " 2 . the dialog 's are not how people actually talk . 3 . the soldiers at " day of the dead " are a shame , they are fat stupid and dont have any dicipline . they behave like a bunch of drunken teenages and they are grown ups  4 . more than half of the movie you just see them talking and yelling each other . 5 . i think is stupid that zombies behave like living humans ( listening music , shooting , " talking " ) 6. the only 3 scarry moments are just the tipical fast escenes from a quiet moment . theres is not any frightening atmosfere . the good :  1 . the gore scenes are really good , maybe too much bloody . it shows how good in cammera effects are rather than computer generated . so far the only great zombie movie i have seen , beleive it or not is resident evil 1 . resident evil 1 has it all . resident evil 2 not . resident evil 2 is one those " just shoot and kick " movies and i 'm not a fan of cliches or indiscrimanated violence ala rambo . so if you want a gory movie , maybe you may like this movie , but the gore is just at the end of the movie . you will be better pleased with " cabin fever " . if you want a frighten atmosfere and real fear look somewhere else maybe resident evil 1 , poltergeist , the original japanese version of the ring and the grouch , scarecrows . alien , aliens and even alien 3 not alien 4 ( it sucks ) . but the best review is your own so i recomend you rent them and judge them by your own and decide if the worth the price
this is by far the worst moive i 've seen . i love the first secret garden . no one can do a sequel to a moive as good as the origanl . it 's a classic . but this sequel is terriable . it controdicts the first moive . it takes the magic away . if you liked the origanl , first moive do n't watch this , it will take the magic out of the first moive
the slight actor in the title role is more suited for light comedy . unintelligible at time....not what the books are about
if your expecting a documentary with the clarity and production value of " end of the century " or " filth and the fury " this ai n't it ! picture taking 40 hours of bad home video ( really awful sound ) and editing together and calling it a documentary . no current interviews , no voice over making any sense of the chaos...no thought to flow or storyline , just a mishmash of stuff banged together . a real dissapointment . the saddest part is that for those fans out there who want it , this material could be a great source for a documentary with actual substance . i 've liked the dolls for years and was really excited at the prospect of them getting their due . its a shame this is what its been reduced to . shame on everyone involved
i picked this set up despite reservations ( reservations being luke perry and the guy from the cosby show ) because of the creator j. michael straczynski . unfortunately the show is just not up to snuff . it 's really nothing more then a c average show . normally that 's not a big deal but when you consider this is on a premium channel ( showtime ) and costs over $ 70.00 on dvd it 's just not good enough . specific problems i had with the show include a lot of filler episodes . the season is only 18 episodes long and at least half are stand alones that contribute nothing to the overall story line . the show would have been better off with only 12 episodes all geared towards a single over riding story ( this is the model that hbo uses ) . production value is also sorely lacking . once again i 'm going to compare to hbo ( i feel this is fair since these are both pay to view networks ) . the hbo series carnivale has unbelievable production value , the set 's , locations , costumes and visual effects are all motion picture quality ( the same can be said for deadwood and rome but carnival makes for a better comparison ) . but jeremiah all looks the same . you can tell the show was all shot in the same location , every back road and town look like they are in the same county . the biggest problem however is just the premise . a post genocidal virus world populated by orphaned children seems like a good idea but in practice it get 's tired fast . i had to force myself through the last 9 episodes . luke perry 's quest to find valhalla sector fails to add any intrigue or mystery . simon 's quest to rebuild civilization also comes up flat and any moral or social lessons conveyed are thinly veiled . so basically it is neither exciting nor intelligent . plus if you need any other reason to dislike this show then know that jason presley makes a guest appearance ( just what this show needed a 90210 reunion ) . if you 're looking for a great show this is not it . if you can watch it cheap give a whirl but do n't waste any hard earned cash on this one
i hate to trash on an american classic... but this was truly horrible . i thought my son would like this due to the flying car . it took hours of torture to get to that scene . horrible , horrible film . mindless , drawn-out banter , and weak story line . our copy eventually broke ( stepped on ? ) --- we felt sooo lucky to have it gone . " one star " seems like a generous rating
well , i wrote the review about this set , and boy was i disappointed when i got it . i see that the company who produced it must have paid very little in royalties as there are numerous silent episodes and ones with the lesser caracters . 1 disc has spanky and alfalfa and the fifth is a sad attempt at filling out this collection . the transfers are terrible and the sound is worse . come on guys , at least try to put some effort into it ! ! ! i got the set , watched it&lt ; and traded it in at the local hock shop for something i could use . what a waste of money ! !
gina is just like the protesters--she just does n't " get it ! " the liberal way of doing anything is throw more of our tax money at it ! whereas africa 's problems including poverty & aids will never be solved until they get the birth rate down ! as long as more babies are born than people dying , their population goes up--very bad . the only way to eliminate poverty is less children ! ! send money for that but nothing else .
the concept of this movie looked interesting but as the story unfolded " the girl in the cafe " turned out to be a left-wing political message . i wonder if the writer of this movie realized the blatant hypocrisy in the character " gina " ? gina browbeats the members of the g8 conference over the terrible poverty and suffering in the world , particularly involving children while she initiates a sexual relationship with a man she barely knows . does the thought ever cross her mind ( or the person writing the script ? ) that casual sex is one of the primary reasons for the rampant spread of hiv/aids , all varieties of venereal disease , children born out of wedlock , etc ? maybe gina should look at her own life before judging other so harshly . this movie is unrated at the time of this writing but would likely receive an r rating for nudity and language
this should be called the " john ford tiny collection " , as most of his major films are not included . even " john ford the early years " would at least alert customers to the fact that this is only a small sampling of ford 's work . shame on amazon for their collaboration in this matter , and for advertising the john wayne/john ford collection so closely that it is easy to mistake one for the other .
for me this movie is a painfull thing to watch . i wish that i could give this 0 stars . the infamous fake " o " scene kind of recked true intamacy for me . it may be true that women do this but it is one of the worst kind of lie imaginable . one of the truths for us guys is that when we are cuddiling with a woman we fanasise that we are with the first girl we fell in love with . just fyi .
trinity collection is a bootleg . picture is extremly poor . 3 movies for $ 10 . too bad , i like trinity , she 's cute . ooops , wrong trinity. .
this film is definitely not a masterpiece . i found it incredibly dry and incomprehensibly over-rated . yes , the film was bleak but inexplicably bleak . to make matters worse , the main character seems to resolve her numbness almost out of nowhere . perhaps i missed something gigantic because i was trying not to fall asleep while watching this drag on but i would not attempt to see it again . however , there were a couple of memorable scenes . i would strongly advise renting it before purchase . some people do love the film but i do n't understand why
i would love to review this lions gate dvd , but i ca n't catch one word in ten . it is not , as advertised , closed-captioned , and the characters ' speech is too casual and british for me to get . drat ! -- i was so chuffed to see there was a cc version
i was not happy with this purchase . this video only taught 10 min . of teaching followed by 30 min of a porn flick at the end . the teaching was informative balanced with different women with various shapes and builds , i could have used more teaching and less of a porn show . this was a waste of money ! there are a few more reviews like mine so take our advise .
i do n't know how i managed to see this gory splatterfest twice in college.it 's a terrible movie ( next to that other awful movie " wild wild west " which also stars salma hayek )  quentin tarantino&george clooney play a pair of ne'er do wells who take a family hostage.they end up going to a strip joint filled with evil vampires...and battling them until dawn.turns out that the strip joint is built on top of an aztec temple,hence the bloodsucking strippers . george clooney managed to overcome this,as well as " batman&robin " to get into " syriana " & " good night,and good luck . " he 's a talented actor ; too bad he could n't save this movie through sheer charm.when it comes to heists,he 's better in " ocean'e eleven " as a dapper casino-robbing metrosexual . avoid this movie,unless you really like gruesome,violent movies. .
how could mr. cameron take a subject like this and a cast and brig out the worst in everybody ? the production design and cinematopraphy are sumptuos , but the script and dialogue are so banal , the fine cast delivering one empty performance after another . ( including leo , who was so good in " what 's eating gilbert grape ? " in 1993 when i did n't yet know who he was , i thought he was really a cute little retarded kid... yet in " titanic " , there 's just nothing there--- or nothing permitted ) . talk about a ship wreck ! ! only the two studio-backed block voting resulted in the record-tying oscar wins/nominations .
when i saw the movie , it was so predictable . halfway into it , the broadcasts were so lame as well as the so-called live-footage . total rip-off of " war of the worlds . " reminded me of an nbc-tv movie from the early 80 's called , " special bulletin . " much better with it 's live-broadcasts ! the only thing i liked about this movie , when i switched back to catch it 's climax ending . they never even saw their ever-ending doom . sure put 's the military in it 's place !
i am pretty easy to please when it comes to movies.low budget,high budget,does n't matter.this movie is actually the worst movie i have ever seen in my 45 years of viewing.was totally not believable and the writing and directing was shabby at best.do n't waste your hard earned bucks on this lemon ! ! ! !
into the woods is one of my sondheim favorites . having seen the pbs presentation of this , i am thoroughly dismayed at how poorly this dvd is edited . rather than allowing one to be engaged by the staging and character interaction , this dvd uses pan and scan to isolate characters and provide sometimes inappropriate close-ups . this especially detracts from what one wishes to see in a play ; the staging . by forcing the viewer 's perspective , this version does a disservice to a very fine play that investigates our relationships with each other through fairy tales and their aftermath . i am hoping that somebody releases a version that does not presume to edit out the director 's vision
i purchased this movie because i love chris cooper as an actor and because the reviews were very positive . i played the movie yesterday and boy , was i disappointed . the movie was much too slow and boring . i love mysteries and hate dramas therefore i thought the little personal stories throughout with flashbacks actually detracted from what i thought was going to be a good mystery story . in the end the mystery is solved with a thud and do n't get me started on the quasi luke & leia moment at the end . please !
this is a " horror " movie in the sense that it is incredibly grating and all the people in it act like total garbage . i do n't mean the acting is garbage , though it is . i mean that all the characters in the movie are complete human garbage , such as make you want to start your own special death camp just to get rid of them . if the aim of the movie was to turn the viewer into a one-man murder wave , then... bingo . i am locked and loaded and ready to ratatatatatatatattat.... blow away the cast
i generally admire jennifer aniston 's work so i picked this up when the video store offered a second rental free with the purchase of two bags of popcorn . sadly , watching the popcorn pop was more interesting than the movie . if you went to sleep after the first 10 minutes , you would't miss much since nothing really happens . if it 's a comedy , it is n't funny . if it 's a slice of life , the lives are deadly dull . the emotional level is so low-key you suspect the entire group is on valium . jenifer aniston especially , seems to have phoned this one in . real characters ? as it happens , i 've known thousands of real people over the years and not a one bears the slightest resemblance to any of these sad-sack characters . if they 're actually representative of real americans then we 're in big trouble ! my wife & i had the same reaction at the end of this one ..... " that " s it ? ? ! ! "
dull and pointless . how could jennifer aniston read this script and think that doing this film was a good idea ? we had to turn it off about half-way through . shallow , boring , superficial ; take your pick . it 's like a contest--which character 's life sucks the most . if you 're going to depress people , at least make it interesting . would it have been so hard for the writers to mix in a plot with their nihilism
colin firth and kevin bacon head up the cast as a comedy duo from the 50 's whose careers are ruined by a scandal involving the murder of a young woman . bacon does a pretty good job as a creepy funny man , with firth as the anchor of the team . off-stage the comedy roles they play are echoed in their lives . but i found " truth " confusing and unengaging . i found it hard to care at all about the demise of the duo . and as several have noted , lohman as the reporter who seeks to uncover the mystery of the murder is not credible . give this one a pass
" the human race today is in a really bad state , mainly because most people do not want to wake up . they want to be told how to behave instead of understanding their own power . " -- miceal ledwith in the great questions in the hamburger universe , vol . 1 of deep deceptions  i thoroughly enjoyed the dvd " what the bleep do we know ! ? " mostly for the engaging snippets of dialogue from scientists , theologians , and mystics . i also enjoyed ramtha 's dvd " create your day " , even though it was n't quite as good as the bleep cameos . it was with great expectations that i viewed the great questions in the hamburger universe , vol . 1 of deep deceptions by miceal ledwith . unfortunately , the plodding pace of the 57 minute dvd--as well as the ramblings of ledwith--was very disappointing . ledwith brings up some great points in this dvd , but never goes beyond the surface . he asserts that thinking people have discarded most of the infantile tenants of the " hamburger universe " ( i.e . the " vault of the heavens " overhead with the vault of hell underneath ) . yet , instead of treating his audience as intelligent folk , he makes nebulous comments without explaining the " what and why " . he mentions string theory ( quantum physics ) and the " true " nature of the big bang , going on to say that levitation is n't a " miracle " but only a matter of superseding gravity with the " torsion field " . the problem is that he 's tossing about these terms in support of jesus ' words that " ye are all gods " and " greater works than these shall you do " without actually explaining the meaning or * science * of a torsion field and just how consciousness supersedes natural laws . ( fyi : the torsion field is quantum spin waves of empty space . einstein and elie cartan did some preliminary work on this theory in the 1920 's . the einstein-cartan theory could possibly be used to explain esp , among other things . )  ledwith spends a good portion of the dvd highlighting the silliness of traditional christianity , including the clouds and harps of heaven . he goes on and on about how a cloud is , in reality , damp and would be uncomfortable to sit on ( duh ) and that if one were to play the harp for eternity , they 'd wear down the fingers to the third knuckle . i understand highlighting the damage that traditional christian thought has caused humanity , especially in terms of evolution . in fact , as a former minister trained in theology myself , i probably " get it " more than most . but while poking fun at christian thought is popular these days , you had * better * have some theological and scientific claims to back up your assertions--especially if you want to be a part of the " thinking " . christian apologists know their bible inside and out , so if ledwith wants to undermine their fear-based , illogical ideas he needs to do so with his supposed area of expertise...theology . heck , even at a simplified level , all one has to do is consider that if an individual set a paddle on fire and repeatedly hit a baby with it over and over and over , this act would be considered a barbaric tragedy condemned by christians ( and others , of course ) . yet , god the father would do much worse by condemning humanity to eternal torment forever and ever ? apologists would say " well , humans choose to go to hell . " the interesting thing is that the bible says " no man can come to the father except the holy spirit draws him " because his understanding is " darkened " . this is just one of the many points that ledwith could bring up , but instead , he preaches to the new age choir by ridiculing monotheistic religions ( primarily christianity ) via nebulous assertions . in fairness , ledwith makes excellent points , but nothing that you could n't get ( much more eloquently ) from marianne williamson , gary zukav , eckhart tolle , neale donald walsch , and others . some of these points are :  " we are pawns tossed about by those people we perceive as more capable and enlightened than us . "  " if jesus were on earth today , he would n't recognize his own teachings . "  " anyone who looks back at our history can only be appalled at the small-mindedness , the hostility , the barbarism that has characterized our whole traverse as a race . "  " we do n't realize how following another 's image of god is spiritually and evolutionarily limiting . we do n't even think of it . "  " the flat earth mentality still corrupts and completely distorts our fundamental beliefs at the basic level still today . "  " we 've never gotten rid of the inquistatorial mind to this day . "  " the answers we 've been given by religion are bizarre , emotionally charged , and childish . "  " heaven varies according to the broker ( christian denomination ) , but the basis is pretty much the same : earning credits for good behavior so you can immigrate to heaven . "  " god is just a human magnified ( in monotheism ) . we take these categories from the lowest plains of existence and impose them upon the divine . as a result , we 're left with something so sentimental , mawkish , and inaccurate that it bears no relationship to reality . "  " whatever god is has no gender . these childish images are holding us back . "  ledwith makes other interesting comments , but they beg for elaboration . one such comment is :  " ( that ) jesus ' death was to appease the vengeance of a savage god...this had nothing to do with what jesus christ did . "  i 'd love to hear his explanation of the crucifixion ! spiritual teachers such as williamson have brilliantly explained the metaphysical aspects of the crucifixion of christ . does ledwith have a clue as to why jesus died ? if he did , why did n't he share it ? he quotes jesus by saying " greater works ( than i ) shall you do " , attempting to make the case that humans are living far below their potential--mostly due to a flat earth mentality . what he fails to mention , however , is that polemicists and theologians debate the meaning of " greater works " ( meizona toutn in the greek ) in terms of whether " greater " refers to quantity versus quality . ( my greek professor made a case for the former , saying that converts would multiply miracles by sheer numbers . )  ledwith also perpetuates the biggest misquote circulated in new age circles , attributing " it 's not our weakness that frightens us , it 's our power " to nelson mandela . the actual quote is " our deepest fear is not that we are inadequate . our deepest fear is that we are powerful beyond measure... " , which was uttered by marianne williamson in her book " a return to love " . one of ledwith 's comments that i found particularly insightful is " as human knowledge grows , the territory of god shrinks . god becomes a refugee . " the " god of the gaps " , as he called it , are areas that we try to fill with human knowledge in the attempt to explain what we do n't yet understand . an example would be ancient paganism attributing lightning to the actions of zeus . despite this interesting observation , it 's not enough to enliven the rest of the dvd . what separates the tight , insightful segements in " what the bleep do we know ! ? " from this dvd is that the conversations captured in bleep were the result of directors chasse , arntz and vincente asking probing questions of the experts...questions borne out of the directors ' own curiosity and personal paths . on the great questions in the hamburger universe , vol . 1 of deep deceptions , however , ledwith is left to ramble at the camera rather aimlessly , which does n't make for good viewing and does not offer lucid alternatives to the flat earth mentality of the hamburger universe . perhaps this is more the fault of " director " jz knight . in the end , i could n't help but feel like this dvd was thrown together in order to capitalize on bleep 's popularity . let 's hope the subsequent installments of this series are tighter , deeper , and smarter
" chamber " was always the worst entry in the harry potter series , but this film adaptation manages to take what was already a crappy story and make it even worse . choppy editing , horrible humor personified by the untalented rupert grint , smug acting by the equally untalented emma watson , poor screenwriting by that hack steve kloves and incompetent direction by the other hack chris columbus makes this a very unpleasant experience . skip it if you can .
perhaps this video will satisfy the readers of lincoln 's various works , such as the sacred place , the messianic legacy , and holy blood , holy grail , or at least show them the places discussed in detail within those books . the dvd will probably be a fine asset for those currently reading the aforementioned books . however , it is simply not successful as a stand-alone video or as a video about the da vinci code . the narrator , mr. lincoln , takes us through the quaint and beautiful countryside of the languedoc , home to the cathar heresy and the albigensian crusade , and points out some interesting details in his wandering . yet he rarely ties the details together into a coherent picture , and often makes comments that would seem to undercut the very idea that he intends to create a coherent picture . as well , he relishes in showing the destruction wrought to many of these mysterious details by treasure hunters and vandals ( many inspired , it would seem , by lincoln 's books ) and repeatedly editorializes against their actions . i finally fell asleep at around the 90 minute mark---i can not imagine what else mr. lincoln could have found to drone on about for the remaining half hour .
i go to abs classes frequently and wanted to get this dvd to help mix up my routine and give me something to do if i did n't want to leave the house . i was a little disappointed in this dvd . i love self magazine and their workouts and the amazon reviews made it seem very promising . the routines are broken down into four separate workouts . the only one that involved any effort on my part was the pilates-inspired section . as for the rest , the other sections would have you do too few reps , i felt , to get your muscles warmed up , let alone reshape them . i think this dvd is great for beginners . its simple enough to follow and it wo n't scare you away too soon . but if you 're like me and you workout on a regular basis and just want a new routine , this probably is n't the abs workout for you
i looked at the name ( groovaloos ) and i looked at the cover -- and my gut told me not to get this dvd . i went against my gut and believed the reviews ; i wish i 'd listened to my gut . for those of you who think it looks and sounds a little hokey , you 're right on the money . they can all dance , but compared to what i expected , they seemed mediocre . here 's the lowdown : ( 1 ) the sound sucks - they 're in a city park and you can hear the instructions fine , but the music is n't loud enough to really " feel " something that makes you want to move , ( 2 ) they just seem like a group of people who do n't naturally have a rhythm , but they 've learned some moves ; it 's so not inspiring , ( 3 ) it 's not edgy enough , and ( 4 ) it looks good if you 've got a group doing it , but when someone 's doing it alone , it 's just okay . overall , this dvd was okay , but not great . get it only if you 're truly desperate
i was a huge fan of the books growing up , and a lover of the period and jannette oke 's books . i had greatly enjoyed the first movie and was eagerly looking forward to watching the next in the series . well , i just finished -- and could hardly stop from yawning while i watched ! the movie started out well enough . wonderful filming , great costuming , glorious rolling hills and large trees transport you back in time . no , the faults definitely do not lie with the production of the movie . the scriptwriting and acting seemed to have gone down a notch . i remembered the tomboyish missie from the last film and could n't wait to see her older . the actress portraying the older missie just did not do her justice ! while she was pretty , she read most of her lines flat , with little emotion . the worst was the very ending , which was supposed to have been a heart-breaking moment between father and daughter , instead fell completely flat . in fact , most of the scenes with missie had me checking to see how much time the movie had left . i think there were several attempts to portray missie as spirited ( like her chasing the chicken in the restaurant ) , but to me they just felt out of place from the new placid missie we were continually seeing . apart from that , the rest of the cast was average , with a few star moments here and there . i ca n't remember the book very well to check for accuracy , but the story was so-so as well -- melodrama only reared its head in a few places . only if you want to keep up-to-date with the series , i would recommend this . otherwise , i 'm glad they replaced missie 's actress for the next film . perhaps we 'll get to see a more energetic performance .
viewing a movie as an adult that you once enjoyed as a kid is a good way to see if it stands the test of time . many of those films that stand the test of time are from the fantasy genre , including labyrinth and dark crystal . would i add neverending story to that list ? hell no . the dubbing is atrocious ( funny germans ) , and the costumes and " effects " are flat-out bad . labyrinth looks better than many movies released these days , and easily trumped neverending story when it was released two years later . the story and plot had the potential to be interesting , but the execution makes neverending fall flat . and sure , neverending story may have advocated reading in the mid-80 's , but labyrinth advocated the use of psychedelics , which is the next step up for mind expansion
unwatchable ! ! ! ! ! --over rated poet-- singers who sing off key---- aggrandizing this mediocrity is ludicrous---
i hope people do n't start to think of this movie as alien 5 . in my mind this is a whole new venture , one that is separate from any of the work that sigourney weaver did on the first four alien films . the first 4 films are pretty good and i really like the whole series . it works rather well and i would love to see another alien film with sigourney in it . i think they could pull off one more film . ripley 's a great hero . this movie was pretty bad . the only reason i give it 2 stars is because of the special effects . i felt like i was watching a scooby doo version of alien . whoever greenlit this film clearly just wanted to make money . the plot was..well..stupid and the atmosphere of the movie was pretty much non-existent . each of the first four alien movies were provocative in some sense no doubt because of sigourney 's involvement . this one was as boring as a white wall and it was as cheesy as a funhouse at a state fair .
francisco was right , this film is about as well-conceived as buttcrust . the review on the back of the dvd says " jaw dropping , " but the full quote probably reads " jaw dropping ( because i was lulled to sleep like a baby ) " . there is about 30 seconds of truly jaw dropping footage , in the zombie attack scenes , but these scenes only account for maybe 5 minutes of the movie . the rest of this film consists of the ear-bleeding whines and yawn-inducing infighting of the human characters , ill-conceived and extremely unlikable caricatures of a pseudo-cynical and extremely redundant " evil side of human nature " message that would be better left to jean renoir ( or even adam sandler considering the results here ) . i do n't watch zombie movies for the characters , especially characters so vapid and unengaging . it seemed like the script writer read a novice 's how to pamphlet and said " yeah , it needs some conflict " . if these characters were n't so constipated and bloated i 'd give them a chance . one amazon reviewer tries to justify all of the one-dimensional absurdity by crowning it with the weighty title of " social commentary , " but that 's just a mindless knee-jerk observation that fails to ascertain whether it was carried out sucessfully . it was n't . you 'd get more insight watching a kid frying ants with a magnifying glass . the critical ambitions of this movie are ill-fitting and embarassing , and ultimately just plain disappointing since they allot almost no time to showcase the director 's real talent , which is ( you guessed it ) the lovely undead . the rest is monotonous dreck . i do n't know why horror directors have so much insecurity about the worth of their strengths that they feel they need to shroud them in a poor man 's dramatic rags . all that aside , the ending is the worst anticlimatic cop-out in the history of horror movies . a horror movie that sucks for 3/4 of its duration needs a cool climax to redeem itself , but the cut-away at the end makes you wan na kick the director in the gonads . sorry , but anyone who calls this a classic is a friggin soundbite-repeating moron .
there was one scary moment in this movie--the quick scene showing the girl in the closet when she dies..now that was creepy . i then awaited more moments like that . nothing . nada . lame . tries way too hard to be creepy and artsy and just landed up being dumb . and that young boy what is up with that ? ? he 's trying to be like the kid in the sixth sense ( who was brilliant and totally believable ) . this movie did not scare me . and the idea of people being afraid to use vhs tapes after this ? come on .
i have not seen this movie , nor do i ever want to . i 've only seen the previews on tv and read about it in previews . why do i think it 's probably one of the stupidest , pointless movies on the face of the earth ? , because i bet just about every guy who 's had trouble getting girls watched it , took notes , and believed each and every single thing that was in this movie , and believed every sentence that was in this movie where you got to hear the woman thinking out loud in the movie . i bet many guys took this movie way too seriously . well , i bet some of the stuff said in there where it has the woman thinking out loud was garbage . not all women are the same , and not all men are the same... you ca n't believe every thing a woman says . not all women want what that one individual woman wants and some women lie . but hey , nobody 's perfect . every guy had individual tastes too , and guys lie sometimes to . i for one , as far what i finad sexually appealing with a woman 's appearance , like women who are a tad bigger . i like'em to weigh about 140 to 160 lbs . if they 're around 5'5 " to 5'7 " . yet there are guys who like petite women ( i personlly do n't know why ) . there should n't be a movie that tries to help guys get girls . the movie title " what women want " was just wrong . i bet many guys thought of it as the gateway to seriously improving their game if they 're looking for a date . i personally think guys put way too much emphasis on trying to find out what women want . i do n't think that should be necessary . i think it 's ridiculous . i think the guy should be himself like the girl is practially all the time and just feel good about himself . not every girl is going to be into every guy... i think self-confidence is probably the most important thing for a guy to have when trying to get women . i 'm a guy and that 's my opinion.. .
having enjoyed lost in translation , i thought i might like this one , which seems to have some sort of cult reputation-- why i ca n't fathom . the entire plot is self-serving , shallow , and unrealistic . i guess it 's supposed to depict the horror of repressive religious values , and while i do n't condone those , the film lacks clear characters or any motivation . a lot of people have buttoned up parents who do n't get it , and it does n't mean they kill themselves-- because they were grounded ! ? since the writer-director gerw up in hollywood , she may not be aware that you ca n't keep your kid home from school without a very good reason-- social workers and what not come after you . so the entire premise is false . romanticizing mass suicide by having a bunch of soft focus young blondes do it-- after which they supposedly ascend to erotic eternity in the imaginations of their boyish peers-- could actually encourage the act . it 's not caring , not real , and not responsible . but i guess that would n't bother the rich , overfunded daughter of a hollywood genius out to make a name for herself .
i bought this dvd for my collection . i do not buy full screen format dvds . amazon described the dvd as " anamorphic , closed-captioned , color , dolby , full screen , widescreen , ntsc " with an aspect ration of 2.35 : 1 . however , when it arrived , it was full screen only with an aspect ratio of 1 : 33.1 . consequently , i returned it . my recommendation , if you only want widescreen , do n't believe the description that this dvd is dual-layered and do n't buy it
julia roberts plays ed harris ' young new wife . susan sarandon plays harris ' ex-wife . ex-wife does not like new wife . new wife does not like ex-wife . ex-wife 's cutsey , but bratty kids make new wife 's life a living hell . ex-wife thinks new wife is a stupid bimbo . new wife thinks ex-wife is a nagging battle axe . new wife and ex-wife fight and yell at each other ad nauseum . how does the film solve this conflict ? ex-wife is diagnosed with terminal cancer -- everyone reconciles , ex-wife and new wife suddenly love each other , the end . this is one of the most cliched , saccharine , hackneyed and shamelessly manipulative pieces of garbage put out by hollywood in the past decade . if you like julia roberts , susan sarandon or ed harris , please see erin brokovich , dead man walking and the right stuff and run screaming from this nauseating cinematic catastrophe
it is a shame that american film classics ( like l and h ) get more attention and love outside of the us than in it . i just bought the universal laurel and hardy 21 volume box set which is only available in europe from amazon uk ( region 2 ) . this set is everything people are saying it is . it is a complete film history of the boys which starts with the boys early silent films ( some solo efferts ) and goes though the hal roach features . all the prints are restored and of pristine quality . a truly beautiful set and a worthy tribute to the boys . there are some missing films ( i assume for copyright reasons ) such as babes in toyland , the devils brother , bonnie scotland and flying deuces . to acomadate these dvds i bought a region free dvd player off amazon,which is the only way to go if you really want to collect . the dvd player was very cheap . plays beautfully and is well worth the investment . as a side note if you have a region free player all the dvds in the universal box set are also availble as single dics , in case you do n't want to spend all the money at once or just want a few of the films . if you love laurel and hardy this is the only way to go ! anything to screw hallmark and the corperate monster ! ! why did they buy these great films just to sit on them and distribute half-a prints ! ! !
personally , i found 8 1/2 to be one of the most boring films i 've ever seen . it was a pretentious , self-indulgent trip down the director 's memory lane . i understood the plot , and enjoyed some of the thoughts raised near the end , but overall was bored silly by stilted , pointless dialogue . having said that , the cinematography was stunning and the music almost made the film worth watching . perhaps 8 1/2 would have been better off as a series of photographs with musical accompaniment : p
okay , this is a really bad movie . that said , there are some moments here that are so over-the-top bad that they 're funny . the fake accents are so horrible that they become campy and the now notorious love scene involving sandra bullock is outright hilarious...and very embarassing . how she could be making love without removing a single garment is a mystery , but the acting in that scene is ridiculous , as well . however , it is certainly memorable . sandra bullock shows up for another short scene later in the film , but her role is essentially a throw away part . then there is the sudden appearance of notable actor steve buscemi at the very beginning of the film in which he seems almost ashamed to be in . his character never returns to the story after that . by the end of the film there are so many plot twists that heartfelt boredom ensues . the acting is bad , the budget is obviously low , and the script , which invokes the occasional giggle , is a quivering mass of bulbous drivel . avoid this film
what do we do when first started watching wrestling in my early teens , ric flair was a hero of mine , he matches were funny and he cut the best promos ever . so when this dvd came out i got it immediately , hoping to relive my youth , but i realized something . all the matches are the same , there long and dull , the same moves are done over and over , and the matches only pick up when flair opponent takes the advantage . there is nothing wrong with long matches , if that are done well , like the iron man match between bret hart and shawn michaels , but it feels like these matches are long of the sake of being long , so it can show flairs endurance . i also noticed flair is so repetitive , all wrestler use trademark moves , but flair has been using the same handful of moves his entire life , for example , chop...woo...flair flop...figure four...cheat....win , that not a description of one flair match , that 's every flair match . when i started watching wrestling i only saw his wwf matches , so it all looked new to me , when you watch his matches back to back you realise how boring they are . other wrestler have put together dvd , which shows a variety of different matches such as eddie guerrero , chris benito , bret hart & shawn michaels , all top wrestler adopt to there opponents , flair expects his opponents to adopt to him , that 's way all his matches are the same . the only thing worst then his dvd is his book , i lost all respect for flair after a read his book , it seem that he is just like hhh and shawn michaels in that he does not have the balls to say anything to anyone to their face , put does it behind their backs . he bashes mick foley for being a stunt man , who only does gimmick matches , so what 's hhh , a guy flair calls great , can anyone name a good hhh match that is n't a gimmick match ( wm x-7 against the undertaker does not count because it turns into a street fight ) . he says foley kisses the writers asses when everybody knows that he is the ultimate back stage player , who used booking rights to award himself 16 world titles . he critises bret hart for not putting over shawn michaels at survivors series 97 , when he was called upon to job to lex luger before he left who the wwf . he refused and took the title with him to wwf , brining the wcw to its knees . after watching this dvd , reading his book , and seeing how his using backstage politics at the wwe now , to keep himself in the limelight , its fair to say the ric flair is one of the most overrated wrestler in history and by the way i could have won 16 world title if i had my friends booking the show .
not a bad movie...not a great movie . ellen brustyn was great
i remember going to great lengths to fit a matine showing of heaven 's prisoners into a busy saturday afternoon during its 1996 theatrical release . considering the source material and the talent behind and in front of the camera , our little filmgoing party of detective-film fans and alec baldwin groupies ( a.k.a . my mom , my stepfather , and me ) found this contemporary film noir to be a big disappointment . baldwin , who also served as co-producer , brought james lee burke 's new orleans ex-cop/recovering alcoholic hero dave robichoux from the printed page to the big screen . while baldwin and the rest of the cast did well in fleshing out burke 's characters and have some tangy tough-guy/gal dialogue , they 're hampered by two things :  1 . ) the film 's slo-o-o-ow pacing . maybe the louisiana heat got to everyone , not just baldwin . of all the actors , long island native baldwin sweats the most , so much that it began to remind me of the sweating-bullets gags with albert brooks in broadcast news and robert hays in airplane ! 2 . ) a plot that , as rendered in the film ( whether it 's the fault of the screenwriter or the editor , i ca n't be sure ) , never quite follows through on any of its elements . it 's too bad , because these elements could 've made for an exciting movie : drug dealing , illegal alien smuggling , rival crime bosses ( one is played colorfully by eric roberts before he became a parody of himself , essentially playing a southern-fried version of his character from director phil joanou 's 1992 thriller final analysis ) , an adorable little salvadoran orphan girl ( named " alafair " by the robichouxs , after dave 's mom . late in my pregnancy at the time , i liked the name alafair so much , i nearly changed my mind about naming my then-unborn daughter siobhan ! ) , and a bevy of beautiful , beguiling women , including earth mother kelly lynch , vampy teri hatcher in a full-frontal nude scene that was much ballyhooed at the time , and mary stuart masterson , looking like a young jessica lange in what was then a change-of-pace role for her : a troubled stripper who loves robichoux . despite the sexy promises in the movie 's ads , none of the ladies share anything with baldwin but dialogue and some kisses and/or embraces . maybe the climate was already so hot , the filmmakers did n't want to add any further steaminess for fear of poor baldwin collapsing from heat prostration ! as my mom put it at the time : " i thought the height of my day would be seeing sexy , dashing alec baldwin , but he came up sweaty , rumpled , tired , depressed , and moving as if he was in slow motion . if he 'd made love as many times as he got beaten up , it would 've been the sexiest picture of '96 ! "  to be fair , there * are * a number of strong characterization and action scenes , but there 's just too darn much talky , molasses-paced lag time between them -- and yet , oddly , some of the scenes end abruptly just as they 're about to become intriguing ! perhaps joanou , baldwin & co. could 've dredged a tighter , more involving thriller out of this if they 'd whittled the 140-minute running time down to 105 minutes or so . as heaven 's prisoners is now...well , read james lee burke 's books instead .
i 'm not going to write too much . if you need to hear more just check other reviews down here . from all the 3 episodes only the first one , by kar-wai , is worth your time . " the hand " is well done and typical kar-wai . beautifully shot by his usual contributor christopher doyle , it 's the most compelling and sexy episode of the bunch . gong li , always very elegant , give us a powerful sexy scene and her presence establishes and guide the rest of the story . well crafted but very predictable . the director lately seems to be referencing himself , which is halfway form self parody . " equilibrium " is just a bad cinematic joke and absolutely non sexy . other than a few gratuitous and unrelated naked shots , is a simple and boring exchange between downey jr. playing an adman and his analyst played by arkin . but the worst by far is the antonioni 's episode . is just so poorly done and acted that is an embarrassment . the , once , great director should have just retired by now ( he was 91 in 2004 ) and let the rest of the world appreciate his masterpieces
after seeing both peyton place and the sequel i can tell you that i could tolerate the recast , carol lynley and tuesday weld were wonderful in their perspective parts . but i have to wonder was it only the cast that changed in this sequel did the writers change as well ? my reasons for asking , the glaring inconsistencys to the original movie . over and over in this film it is stated that selena was raped when she was thirteen , yet in the original film selena , alison and the others were graduating from high school when the incident occured . since when do thirteen year olds graduate from high school , also she looked pretty mature for thirteen . then there 's selen'as boyfriend ( whose name escapes me at the moment ) in the original film he stood by her , through the murder charges , the revelation of the rape , and the miscarriage , yet in the sequel i 'm suppose to buy that he could n't handle any of it dumped her and left town where he met and married someone else . then all the towns people after being put in their place by the town doctor all rallied together at the end of the original film to give their support of selena , yet in the sequel she is considered the town outcast ? i have nothing against sequels even with recast but this one strayed way too far from its original film that all creditbility for it as a sequel went out the door . it was all too obvious that the original film was n't taken into account when writing the sequel . not credible at all
this program is evil . it is easy to get sucked into watching gantz , because of the unique and inexplicable situation that the main characters , who have all died , find themselves in . they have gone to purgatory , and purgatory is like an all-too-real video game . one feels compelled to continue on with the series to begin to answer some of these mysteries . the art direction is decent . visually , it does n't look cheap . the english voice acting is embarassingly bad , especially the main character , but not as bad as the dialogue , internal and vocalized , that this character has been given to speak . the worst thing about this series , apart from the juvenile humor about breasts and boners , is the " action " scenes . these inevitably play out with the people in danger standing around arguing and philosophizing about what to do , when the obvious course of action is to take the guns that are in their hands , and shoot at their alien adversaries like there is no tomorrow . after you witness a few of these frustrating situations on the video , if you do n't feel like banging your head against the wall , you are made of stronger stuff than i . this first set of episodes leaves the viewer with more questions than answers , and more frustration than satisfaction . save yourself the pain .
i would n't normally write a review of such drivel but felt that i had to when i saw what christiane schmidt had to say . now we all know mr gibson has got issues with the british ( as well as others ) - just look at that other pile of tosh - braveheart . but here is an example of why rewriting history to fit your own personal prejudice is dangerous . the usual response is " it 's not history but hollywood , it 's fiction based on historical events " . but the problem is that some people actually believe it really happened like that ! now i 'm sure that many atrocities took place on either side of what was in effect a civil war , but i 've never read of the british burning down churches with people inside - nazis , yes....british , no . but who cares about whether it really happened....it 's only a film ! ! good grief , next thing you know they 'll be making a film about the us recovering the first enigma machine.....oops .
let me just start by saying that i do n't own " the chosen collection " but that i do own the original releases of all seven seasons . why review this then ? quite frankly , i believe the combined sets to be a waste of money . i have seen the reviews of this set done by fellow reviewers , and it is was my experience that that the boxes for the previous sets are not much different than this - they are as flimsy as this set is , and just as breakable . the set 's discs appear the same as the previous editions , probably a rehash from leftover sets . a bonus disc may be the only redeeming factor , but since i do n't own it , i haver never seen it . i spent my money on " buffy the vampire slayer " once , and once is enough for me . buffy is a endearing series , but why throw away dvd sets just to have them " return " from the garbage
this movie is the most boring , uninteresting piece of garbage i have ever wasted my money on . the plot is stupid , the characters are dull and insipid , and the whole movie leaves you asking , as the credits run , " so what ? " do n't waste your money !
director : turi meyer cast : tony todd , donna d'errico , alexia robinson , jsu garcia , mark adair-rios , lupe ontiveros , elizabeth guber , rena riffel , ernie hudson jr . running time : 93 minutes rated r for bloody violence and gore , sexuality and language . the third in the series derived from a concept by clive barker , " day of the dead " ( they ca n't even come up with their own subtitle ) staggers down the well-trodden path already navigated by the " halloween " and " nightmare on elm street " movies : that is , taking a decent concept and flushing it down the toilet . the original movie was a near horror masterpiece and relied on atmosphere rather than gore , while the first sequel was bearable if completely routine . this one is just a load of rubbish . donna d'errico , from baywatch ( what a spectacle of credibility ) , stars as caroline mckeever , the great great granddaughter of the feared candyman ( tony todd once again ) , once a normal man but now an apparition who appears to slaughter everyone around you if you dare to say his name five times in front of a mirror . caroline says his name five times in front of a mirror and up he pops to murder her nearest and dearest . as the candyman hacks his way through various bad actors , caroline teams up with new pal david ( nick corri ) to find a collection of paintings knocked up by the candyman while he was still alive , which may hold the key to stopping him . there 's not a single thing here that is n't scavenged from the first " candyman " film and every other ropy horror movie produced since caveman days . the screenplay is so lazy it ca n't even be bothered to connect half the characters to the plot , the photography is bright and glossy , which is at odds with what 's supposed to be a dark story , while nothing in the direction adds any atmosphere at all . anyone could have directed this movie , so little effort has been put in to make it scary , while the ending is an outrageous cop out . no thought has gone in to developing themes or structuring the plot because no one here is talented enough to give this movie any depth beyond having d'errico running around in a variety of tight vests . the rest of the performances are poor too , although none are quite as bad as d'errico 's pathetic attempts at screaming and breathing erratically . surely more can be done with characters like the candyman than the constant repetition of scenes where he appears to stick his hook through someone 's stomach . the fact that the makers of this movie think candyman is so terrifying that the very sight of him just standing there will strike fear into our hearts is a sign that they just ca n't be bothered even to try something a bit different . clive barker may not be the master of horror as every at first claimed him to be , but he 's right about one thing : the sequels to his movies are garbage
the saga of the candyman continues in this third installment of the hit series . i can remember the first time i watched the original created by clive barker , i luv 'd it , the same ca n't be said for this film . caroline is last living descendent of the candyman , and he wants to end it all by ending her . all who watch this film and the acting of donna d ' errico will wish for the same thing . one would only think that she got the job to secure watchers of baywatch for the film and for that reason only , or maybe it 's because a little fragile thing like her ca n't take on candyman head on . get a real actress like kathy bates in there and she 'll kick his ass { misery is a classic } . as far as tony todd is concerned he does a good job in this film , but not as scary as he has been in the other films . he does a good job none the less , and serves as a co-producer . as far as the script goes it 's a decent attempt at the franchise , al septien & director turi meyer do what they can . but that does n't save the film from being less then average . side performances from the art gallery owner , the two bad cops , and the gypsy women are great and save the film a little . there is n't much to the story , caroline is his last descendent and he wants to stop his pain by taking her . people she knows gets killed so it looks like she did it , and she tries to stop him , that 's it nothing more to it . over all a more worthy sequel of its predecessors would be more enjoyable .
maybe the 1995 script was edgy and groundbreaking , but i doubt it . since vanilla ice was in and out of the cultural eye 4 years before the spec script and 15 years before this movie , the concept of white kids trying to act black in the most ugly ghetto stereotypes is just not all that new . i went to high school with kids like this and i 've bought the eminem cd . and there 's a little more to them than the stupidity . but let 's discuss the movie . anne hathaway plays a dumb girl who thinks that acts ghetto in her gated community and urges her boyfriend to go buy drugs in east l.a . ( ? ? ) . seeing her boyfriend beat down , she 's eager to return and find that hot latino dude that did the beating . then she goes to parties , gets into even more trouble and starts losing her jerry springer-inspired ghetto talk . the mexican guy keeps trying to tell her that there 's more to his life than selling crack on the street corner , but well he 's doing a lot of selling crack on the street corner . actually , he 's coming off like a gangsta yoda ready to impart life lessons at the drop of a hat . yes , it 's ironic that she 's trying to dress ghetto while he 's trying ( not very hard ) to dress suburban ( wife beater is suburban ? )  the movie 's climax is a scene in which anne and bijou ask the guys if they can join their " crew " and if the gang did n't have a sex gang initiation for women before they asked , they sure have it then ( and really , who does n't know that that 's gang initiation standard - started by the hell 's angels in 1965 ) . after that disaster ( both anne and bijous say no - but bijou takes a little more time saying no ) the movie unravels as anne hathaway discovers her inner white girl and her friends act even more stupid . there 's a neat scene between her and bijou philips toward the end that almost makes me like these people , but it 's one of the few points of truth in an otherwise dumb movie . the one thing this movie does is to make me appreciate dj squalls ' character from hustle & flow ( and hustle & flow in and of itself ) since that 's a white character in a black world that does n't fall into either extreme of wigger or doogie howser . he 's just himself whereever he goes . he 's someone the morons of this movie could learn from ( but really would n't you rather just see them all shot dead ?
this is a great flick for people who are irritated by sub-plots because there are none . there is nothing resembling reality found anywhere in this movie , so it makes for excellent escapism , which we all need now and then . since all the characters stay together , it is easy to follow along , so you can turn your brain off , it wo n't be needed . since it 's all about the ship , acting was n't necessary . you can bet that movies like this toll the bell for the careers of russell and dreyfus . i felt pity for them as actors , and hope they can rebound . the movie is shorter than most , so there will be minimum impact on your life . you will remember nothing about it soon after exposure
i am 38 and considered obese , however i work in a busy operating room all day and found this to be too easy . this dvd would be great for the older generations . i still need to loose 45 pounds and i am using denise austin 's burn fat fast .
i think denise austin does a decent job in some of her other videos , but this is n't one of them . she lacks any type of warm up in this one and often looks like she 's just trying to make up steps in order to fill the time slot . the moves are not well choreographed and very awkward . some may find encouragement in the times denise gives the camera a bug eyed stare and says " we 're burning butter.... yeah " but i found it annoying . i think there are much better workouts for the money out there
definatly one of the worst movies ever . the dialog is so boring i had an a.d.d . attack trying to watch it . i usally never turn a movie off in the middle but i had to do it with this one . i tore it out of my laserdisc player and smashed it , so i would never have to suffer through this again . the characters are so lame i did'nt even care about who was threating his life . i wanted the stalker to go ahead and kill them all already . man this movie is making me enraged just typing about it . it fu * * in sucks ! ! ! ! ! and it is really dated
love the movie , but the quality of the dvd put out by alpha video was so bad it was very difficult to watch . the sound was scratchy and muffled and the picture looked as if the brightness was turned all the way up . if you do n't want to be disappointed and feel like you 've been ripped off , wait for the remastered cut before you buy this one
i bought the dvd with this artwork out of a dollar bin and i got what i paid for . the image is fuzzy and the audio is of poor quality . this must have been taken from a 16mm print . it may be that this film is in public domain , so it may be difficult to find a decent quality dvd . there are many issues of this film so you would do better to try one of the other dvd issues . note : amazon seems to spread these reviews across dvds of the same title , so you may see this review under multiple dvd releases of " meet john doe " . the poor quality dvd that i bought has a cover that looked like this : [ .. .
i purchased this dvd a while ago - fyi - a documentary of the anaconda was in the case and not the movie . i went to the web site to complain and my profile could not be found . here , years later , when i 'm finally placing another through amazon they found my account and noted that i purchased meet john doe . i guess it 's a little late to complain now
this movie was a weak effort by capra , who directed it , and the star , gary cooper . it 's a good story , just poorly directed ( capra ca n't hit a home run every time ) . i found the acting very wooden and the movie seemed to just drag on and on . and no extra features on the dvd , at least none to speak of
this movie was as one of the most disappointing in its genre , far less interesting than pulp fiction and even below the level of reservoir dogs . it is said that in the violent late middle ages street shows were often staged in european cities where fake blood flowed like water , heads fell off and stomachs erupted sausages to simulate intestines during an evisceration delighting the crowd . it seems that in the violent final decade of the twentieth century we had come full circle from barbara tuchman 's gripping account of the awful fourteenth century . despite the abundant gore if the film had been better handled it could have been quite good . there are glimpses of its failed potential at different points . for instance the scene towards the end where the prison governor 's head is impaled on a broomstick and carried around by the revolting inmates seems to be a direct copy of an actual event at the bastille during the days of the early french revolution . in sum , as a special kind of disgusting art form it is interesting , as entertainment though natural born killers sucks . i admit some people will like it , no doubt the same crowd who would attend public executions if they were available for viewing
i felt as though the camera was clamped to a paint mixer . after about 30 minutes it gave me a headache so i turned it off .
i was on a plane from shanghai to bangkok -- stop drooling -- and i was reading a book . on the tv , i saw tim allen chasing an orange cat . in the course of the chase , he dropped down from two legs to four . the effects , i 'll admit right up front , were great . this looked far better than the old 70s ( i think ) version called the shaggy d.a. , which i have n't seen . but even so , it sucks . i did n't need sound or subtitles , and i did n't need but 5 or 10 minutes to figure out that it sucks . true sucking is like that . ( yeah , i saw the bit with the scrabble board . " i am dad . " whoop dee freaking doggy doo . ) it 's possible we underestimate tim allen 's ability as an actor , perhaps because the santa clause was so unforgivably bad . but even so , this movie sucks . sometimes life is just that simple .
i am sorry to report that this movie is dead on arrival , and i have to agree with anybody that says this movie is [ ... ] . the whole cast is wasted in this movie , and most of which i have seen in movies that i liked better . like pretty much the leads in this movies , i have seen thier movies and liked htem better in , but this one , they might as well . if your a tim allen fan , please do yourself a favor , and get either the santa clause movies , or the toy story movies , and avoid this movie at all costs . here are 99 minuts of my life , that i wo n't see again , and i am trying to make sure that you do n't waste your time on this dud . who wants to see an actor pretned to be a dog , in some scenes in the movie , ore pretty much the whole thing . i have n't seen monster house or cars , but i hope that these will be 2 better movies , or maybe a season dvd of home improvement will be pretty then this . dave douglas ( tim allen ) is a lawyer , that dislikes dogs , and even has a case against animal activist justin forrester ( joshua leonard ) . and he is up for accused of trying to torch the california headquarters of sinister pharmaceutical conglomerate grant & strictland . and he does n't much of a family life , since he is never home , and how many times have we seen something like this in a movie ? his wife is rebecca douglas ( kristin davis ) and they have 2 children josh ( spencer breslin ) and carly ( zena grey ) . and he has an appoontment to josh 's pta meetings , and even through he is reminded at work , he forgets . carly is not only a is both forrester 's student and a budding animal advocate herself , and her brother is trying out for football like his dad , even through he secretly hates it , and did n't sign up for the fall musical . and then there is a mad scientist ( robert downey jr. ) , trying to extract the secret of immortality from the shaggy hide of a 300-year-old dog he had kidnapped from a tibetan monastery . and carly even kidnaps it from grant & strictland , and brings him home , nad even trouble starts when the dog bites douglas , that gets him starting acting like a dog too , and even looking exactly like him at times . the movie expects us to believe the dog is 300 years old , which would be impossible , since neither dogs or people live that long , all i can say we are in an era of movies being made out of sequels and remakes , and this is one to avoid at all costs .
it 's a disgrace they charge money for this dvd . producer and actors should be ashamed this is sold . fine if people want to experiment with filmmaking , but to release this film with big name actors and charge consumer , unforgivable . i prefer to have rated this with no stars
this was purhcased by accident . but still one of the crapiest movies i ever seen . story wise , well it 's bad to see what situation young girls could have with whores for mothers and growing up just like them . it 's actualy very sad to see young girls throwing away their life away . other wise , movie had bad ending , good quality packing and dvd from amazon.com .. .
mccully 1  adam mccully  instructor lee hobbs  engl 101.025  18 november 2005  red dragon  when i heard that universal studios was making a prequel to silence of the lambs , i 'll admit that i was a little skeptical . throughout movie history there has been a long list of bad sequels which , more or less , is what this prequel was . caddyshack ii , godfather iii , and bill and ted 's bogus journey , all horrible follow ups to great films . so naturally i was a little worried that the film red dragon was going to be just another flop that followed a great film . any movie that follows a great film like silence of the lambs has a lot to live up to . personally , i thought that the first sequel to silence of the lambs , hannibal , did n't quite achieve that , and neither did red dragon . it was a decent movie , but not quite as shocking and suspenseful as the first . do n't get me wrong it did have its share of shock value , but since it did n't come first i had already come to expect that . i thought that the writers would take the time and effort to make sure that this film was as good if not better than the first two films , but clearly their work shows otherwise . all in all , this movie disappointed me for several reasons . as i mentioned before , the lack of violence and shock that were so prevalent in the first movie and that i , as a fan of the films , had come to expect . but mostly , it was the fact that this movie was nothing more than a film that was made in the eighties with a different title and better actors . i 've never been a fan of remakes and this film was certainly no exception .
this is day 10 now and im still waiting for my package ! ! ! ! ! ! amazon seems great but when something goes wrong they run like chickens ! however.....larry bird is the man and dont ever forget that
i have to say that i was not familiar with any darkman comics , or had had any other contact with the character apart from this movie so i can not compare the character to other sources . therefore , coming from someone that did not " know " darkman prior to the film i have to say that the movie was quite a disappointment ! there are the obvious comic book characteristics that one finds in these types of movies , like the shadow , batman etc , which is interesting . nevertheless , darkman was quite a disappointment considering the make-up of the cast : liam neeson , larry drake , and frances mcdormand among others . it is the story of a scientist who falls victim to a group of gangsters resulting in his horrendous disfigurement . in an effort to exact revenge , he makes use of his latest invention in order to appear like his targets/victims... . in short , the acting and the plot are average ( nothing great ) , while the dialogues are way below average . the movie falls into the action/adventure/horror type of category . the characters are , overall , bland and just plain uninteresting ( e.g . rick anderson played by the " fool , " ted raimi , from the xena series ) . though the potential for a good movie was definitely there it fails to take off . a shame really.. . in a nutshell , it 's not a movie you would want to add to your collection , but it might provide for an evening 's entertainment , and that 's about it . no masterpiece here... 2 stars
let me just preface my review with the fact that some of my favorite movies are incredibly slow and even " boring " to my friends . so it is n't the glacial pace of this movie that so bothered me . it is n't the unresolved ending that bothered me . it was n't the violence ( in short bursts . ) it was n't the acting ( the acting was pretty good actually ) . but as a whole this movie was simply a tremendous failure . i did n't care who was sending the tapes and i did n't care what would happen with the main characters . they were unrelatable on just about any level . this movie is the kind where you will see a remotely interesting twist in the plot about 3/4 's of the way in and you 'll think , " wow i wonder where the story will go next " . and then it does n't . that was it . very disappointing . i do n't mind excruciatingly slow films as long as there 's some kinda payoff in the end . i really do n't understand all the acclaim that this movie got . as a " suspense " movie or as an " art " film it fails pretty miserably . the premise was a good idea that went nowhere...slowly . viewer beware .
this movie sucks ! it is fake , everything is staged . chicks dont laugh when they fight , nor do they dress like strippers !
this dvd sucks , all the " fights " are fake , retarted , drawn out fights with girls that are not attractive and it was the worst waste of time i 've ever had in my life . i am now stupider for watching this dvd and buying it is on my list of regrets i have in life . i wish i could say the only good part was.... but there was no good part . no shirts ripped off or good hits thrown , nothing . i am a marine stationed in japan looking for a dvd to enjoy and this is what i get . where is the love
" killing me softly " has one of those scripts that just do n't give the audience a break - not only does it set up an improbable situation , but the big " twist " at the end is also mind-numbingly predictable ( unless perhaps you have n't seen a thriller before in your life ) . the chemistry between the two leads is also lacking ; fiennes brings some physical magnetism to his role but as far as his acting is concerned , he 's an inexpressive bloke , while heather graham is all too expressive - she overemphasizes every emotion her character is supposed to feeling by making faces at the camera . besides , she 's not even that attractive ; even her co-star in this particular film , natascha mcelhone , blows her out of the water in that department . the ending is like when you have a 'jawbreaker ' candy in your mouth , sweet and good in the beginning but when you get to the inside its bitter and sour . it was obvious towards the end of the movie that it would turn out like it did , i have seen quite a number of bad movies to figure it out so quickly  in spite of all that , chen kaige 's direction is good , and he creates some suspenseful moments . so i give the film a generous " * * out of 5 " rating . but if you 're a heather graham fan you will like this movie since she is nude in many scenes ; and for joseph fiennes fans you 'll receive half naked perks .
whatever possessed jessica lange to appear in this mess will never be known . the payoff at the end is a huge disappointment . jessica lange tries hard to bring the material up to her level but the script does her in . gwyneth paltrow is unbelievably bad . but i think this is not their fault . the screenplay and direction could have been better . this could have been a very good movie along the lines of " misery " or " fatal attraction " but it fails in every department . as i said , the payoff at the end is a real disappointment . this film is a waste of time and money . stay away from it !
kelly preston and tcheky karyo are a new york city couple who come together after preston leaves matthew broderick and karyo uses meg ryan in order to get a visa . now broderick and ryan are teaming up to get even with their ex 's . the problem is , the offenses they 've endured ( being dumped and being used ) do n't really warrant the horrible things they do to these two people , especially karyo . which is probably why first-time director griffin dunne used two such amiable stars in the feature roles . after all , how can we not root for ferris bueller and harry 's sally ? unfortunately , it ends up being pretty easy not to root for them when their revenge is so excessive , the pace of the film is so uneven , and the script is n't particularly funny . there 's a difference between black comedy and just mean-spirited comedy . despite a handful of amusing moments and a few nice cinematic touches , this film does not walk that line very well
the movie is good except this version has been editted and cut out sceens , very disapointtin
surprisingly sleaze and chauvinism by female director heckerling ! she duplicated it in chevy chase vehicle national lampoon 's european vacation too ! many child actors got their start here , but the thing that cracked me up , as i saw it when it came out ( unfortu- nately ) was the dialog of my fav band , cheap trick : ticket scalper " ...the magntism of robin zander and the charisma of rick nielsen...and what about the tunes , 'i want you to want me , the dream police...nan-nan-nah , 'you 're momma 's alright , your daddy 's alright , they just seem a little weird , surrender , surrender... " , before he 's interrupted . if that is n't somebody 's idea of 'surrender ' , they 've stumbled onto this review by mistake
i have been a beatles fan since 1964 , and i have distinct memories of the band 's influence on my young life . i saw hard day 's night , help ! , yellow submarine , and let it be in the theater when they were first released . this film has always been the holy grail of beatle fandom . now that i own it , i can honestly say i understand why it took so long to release it to the public . that thirty years of isolation , locked up in a vault somewhere in london , only improved its standing in my imagination , not on actual film . the bbc was right to bury this . as a film , or television special , it 's horrible . but as a fan , i had to have it . now , that 's all i can say about it ; i own it . when will let it be be released
upon its initial release , the attention that otto preminger 's " anatomy of a murder " attracted due to its subject matter undoubtedly deflected some attention away from the fact that the film had its fair share of problems . when watched today after much of its scandalous elements have lost their power to shock , its meandering story and uneven characterizations are exposed front and center . attorney paul biegler ( james stewart ) is asked to defend lieutenant frederick manion ( ben gazzara ) after a bar owner is found murdered . manion claims that he committed the murder in a fit of rage after his wife , laura ( lee remick ) , was raped . while preparing his case for trial , biegler finds that laura is extremely difficult to work with because of her temperamental and flirtatious nature . nevertheless , the resourceful attorney continues to work on exonerating his client even though it is not clear whether he and his wife are being entirely truthful with him . stewart is his dependable self in " anatomy of a murder . " in fact , his performance as an attorney who is not afraid to stretch the rules is the one saving grace of the film . there is little nuance in the performances of gazzara and remick and even the great george c. scott misses the mark with an over-the-top effort . yet , the problems with the acting is secondary to the unfocused screenplay . " anatomy of a murder " oftentimes seems more concerned with exploring the eccentric natures of its characters than in telling a good story . the investigation of the crime is done in a half-hearted manner and the mystery behind the dual crimes of the rape and the murder are never resolved to any satisfaction . for a film to run as long as " anatomy of a murder " does , one would think that there would be more than enough time to resolve all of the lingering questions posed by the film . yet , this is not the case
there is a certain new-fangled school of screenwriting that thinks that if you put a bunch of characters on screen and have them make no sense of one another but sound as if theyre being profound , then they are . the prime example of this in recent years is the abominable " crash " , but at least that was ( somewhat ) assuaged by strong performances . this -- arguably the worst " mainstream " motion picture of 2005 -- is redeemed by nothing . an excruciatingly long 2 hours , and as much as i ( usually ) enjoy george clooney , i might never forgive him for this drek
viewed it 1st was disappointed knodded my head in disbelief while watching,waiting,hoping ! ! ! ,the second time i tried to keep awake but could not keep my eyes open long enough , must of been those gravity waves in interstellar space out there in umm well you get the picture.my advise is for you to save your money and buy comos ( the best imo ) to be honest , i could n't wait to sell it used at a $ 10 lose through amzn.the following week ( they get a commission for sold items ) nonetheless,i am content i no longer own it.next time i will rent before purchasing on amzn . just so you know , " cosmos " i can watch over and over for years as this was my first box set from amzn..the late carl sagans " cosmos " blows away " the astronomer "
i am really wondering about the people who have reviewed this and gave it such good ratings.ive been looking at their other reviews trying to understand what it is they like . because this movie stinks ! im a huge reese witherspoon fan and i like paul rudd so i rented this movie and thought it would be good . oh boy i was wrong . the charachters are over the top and the story is just cheesy . im all for a good fun , romantic comedy . i like " win a date with tad hamilton " but this is just awful . reese plays a stripper ( somehow it just doesnt work ) who helps the dorky hopeless rudd dump then win back his girlfriend . all the time there is a package to stop hence the name " overnight delivery " . the story could have worked but it just doesnt . the premise is good and there are parts that are somewhat ammusing but overall it sucks . i would reccomend this movie to anyone who liked the sarah michelle gellar movie " simply irresistable " . if you happened to like that movie with the magical little crab . if you disliked it as i did then stay away .
george sluizer 's original dutch-french version of the vanishing ( aka the man who wanted to know ) offers one of european cinema 's most quietly disturbingly anonymous and everyday sociopaths , feeling his way one step at a time towards murder . if you 've seen that version , you probably still ca n't get the final revelation out of your head , but the film had plenty more to offer than that , playing with chronology , subverting the usual cliches of its 'lady vanishes ' plot ( the hero wants to know what happened to his missing lover far more than he wants her to be alive ) and throwing in some excellent characterization . i can only assume that for this 1993 us remake sluizer was so determined that no-one else was going to get the chance to ruin his film when he was perfectly capable of doing it himself , but few people could have anticipated how comprehensively he trashes his own work . his career never recovered . chief culprit is an astonishing performance by jeff bridges that has been overthought through in every detail to a truly disastrous level . a friend who produced one of his earliest movies noted that bridges was a great instinctive actor as long as you stopped him thinking about what he was doing , and this film is the proof of the pudding . every movement is overly mechanical in its precision , making him look like a rusty clockwork toy , while his voice is a bizarre mixture of tootsie , latka gravas from taxi and a dalek who have all been taking elocution lessons from dok-tah e-ville . no banality of evil here , just a looney walking around with an invisible sign over his head saying " please . let . me . kill . you . thank you . for your . consideration . '  but the blame really needs to be shared out here . none of the performances are good : often , they do n't even look good - keifer sutherland looks more like a baby hamster than a distraught man at his wits end in the hurried scenes at the gas station , nancy travis flounders badly and sandra bullock makes no impression at all as the object of his obsession . not that they 're given any help by either director or writer todd graff . the script is particularly weak . the chronology has been altered to put the focus firmly on bridges at the expense of the couple at the opening of the film . worse is the rush the film is in , draining the life and character from each scene in its race to get to the next . rather than the high/low mood shifts in the couple 's relationship or the apparently casual but careful establishing of the feel of the location , we just get a couple of arguments that give you the impression that he 's probably better off without her . as for the new and improved happy ending - standard woman chased by nutter in the woods jeopardy stuff complete with lame ` let 's end on a joke like a tv cop show ' moment - best not go there... which is advice that holds for this entire trainwreck of a movie . even a shockingly bland and uninspired jerry goldsmith score ca n't do anything for this one .
while some critics can argue with dan brown 's research and reasoning on certain historical points , one thing these da vinci " debunking " presentations will never be able to refute is this : the downplaying of the feminine role in western civilization and christianity , primarily by the catholic church , and the fact that the church still considered mary magdalene a common prostitute until just a few short years ago : 1969 . nor is it possible to refute the recent polymorphously perverse scandals that have rocked the church after centuries of suppression and may have everything to do with the doctrinal distortions that dan brown has brought out in the open for serious review . this institution is in trouble because it is seriously out of balance with itself and has cut off its spiritual nose to despite its face by downplaying or denigrating the role of women as sacred beings and bearers of the light , when their healthy presence is needed more than ever as a corrective to some of these abuses and scandals . dan brown has done the world a great service by showing how the feminine role in the divine was written out 2000 years ago , with help from peter whose misogynistic views of women are plainly evident in the scriptures even today and are still , quite frankly , shocking and debasing . sorry , but upon this " rock " of male dominancy was built the church . thank you again , dan brown , by bringing these matters into the light of day so people can know more of their authentic history or at least do their own research to make up their own minds about which spiritual path is best for them and which ones were built on two millenniums worth of manipulations , obscurations and lies . these obscurations and lies happened through the efforts of a group of petty , insecure and misguided men down through the centuries to ensure their dominance and control over the masses , and they found a way to dominate not only the minds of the masses but their vast material resources , worth trillions , through guilt , control and other hidden but consistent abuses of power . and those of orthodox faith who continue to blindly support such hypocritical institutions have a lot more to answer for than any twenty dan browns put together . people are angry and they are angry at the failure of religion to live up to its own standards of behavior and for distorting what may have been jesus ' actual relationship with the women in his life--or were the disciples just supposed to be members of a exclusive men 's club with jesus as head and women as a species relegated to second class citizenship ? to answer these questions , some of you will finally have to turn to your own heart and mind for a change instead of some literal interpretation of the truth , because not everything of the light is found in scriptures or on the printed page , especially after the scriptures have been selectively riddled with scissors for reasons of self-interest or from spiritual corruption . the next thing people should ask for is to have the vaults of the vatican thrown open for public view . lord only knows what plunder they contain
i enjoyed the movie even though i was only able to watch it in segments . the first time i tried to watch it , after about 20 minutes , the screen went to digital gibberish and my dvd player hung up so that i could n't even open the tray to remove the disc or turn off the power . i had to unplug the dvd player , wait , and replug the power cord to remove the disc . overnight , i decided i needed to replace my dvd player . however , the next morning , i tried a different dvd and it worked fine . it still works fine on all my other dvds . i complained to your customer service people and they were nice enough to send me a replacement copy of showgirls . unfortunately , this one has the same problem . it plays for several minutes and then goes to gibberish and hangs my dvd player . i gave up on the problem at this point and decided to just get through my life without showgirls . i use my dvd player almost every day and it works fine except when i try to watch showgirls
i read the book and saw the movie , which other than title and major characters , have little in common . i ca n't say i really liked either . the book is a little funnier . my major learning from the whole project was when " who wants to be a millionaire " taught me about " roman a clefs " , of which " devil " is one . perhaps if i had more interest in the fashion industry , i 'd have been more fascinated by the inside look that " devil " provides . meryl streep is very good as the apparently soulless miranda priestly , editor-in-chief of runway magazine , but somehow she 's never quite devil enough . anne hathaway is passable in her second ( or third ) " made over princess " role . the minor characters , including the wonderful tracie thoms as " best friend " lily , are mostly wasted .
i was under the impression that this was the entire series . i finally , after many issues , got my set and unwrapped it , and my heart sank audibly when i saw " complete collection i " . i popped the last disk in and lo and behold , it was n't the full series afterall .
....the ultimo movie about a bungled heist job and the crooks are holed out somewheres is....reservior dogs . this has great actors in it...i enjoyed seeing , f'instance , dame dunaway...but , she , sinise , dillon , mantegna , and perpetual co-lister faison had a poor dialog to work with . imagine if qt had written it . or , my favorite tough guy screenwriter , david mamet . fortunately though , spacey will have something to build on develop a director 's repertoire. .
during my teenage years i was a fan of wwf wrestling and specifically , the rock . he was a tremendous wrestler who the fans admired right away because of his talent to be extremely funny on the microphone and cut some of the funniest , most disgusting lines ever mentioned on wwf tv . his talent in the ring was spot-on , and the rock would always give the people everything he had when it came time to step in the ring and compete . he rarely made a mistake in the ring... but he made a huge mistake stepping away from wrestling and walking down the path to hollywood . it 's not that doom is really a bad movie . sure , it was a movie considered a disappointment right from the get go because no one wanted to watch it at the movie theaters . it 's just a normal , monster-shooting film that delivers a tiny amount of suspense , and that 's it . i 'm sure the movie would 've been big had it been released 10 years ago . todays generation is probably sick of go-nowhere do-nothing action films such as doom . okay , so it does go somewhere , but the film is n't really designed to build to an awe-inspiring creative story . doom is the kind of movie you do n't really want to seek out- you just happen to come across it at the video store and decide you need a quick 90-minute action fix , so you rent the movie , watch it , and then forget about it the next morning . of course , i 'm sure you do n't forget to rewind the tape because that 's impolite . the rock never should have left wrestling . it was a bad career move and the millions of wrestling fans ( and the rock means millions ) really miss him . come back home , rock . please
the opening strip scene is reminiscent of barbarella - too bad those are n't basinger 's legs though . nerdy scientist falls for galactic beauty as presented by kim basinger . i have never understood ackroyd 's characters . and keeping in form , he is once again as unfunny as mud . basinger tries so hard - too hard - to rescue this film , but that 's no small task considering the ineptness of this way silly film . ok so she munches on batteries , and thinks she has to cook everything in the kitchen at mealtime . she seems a genuine betty crocker given that her favorite foods are nuts and bolts . jon lovitch also tries to prop up ackroyd and this weak script . however , his contribution seems way overstated to me . he does n't have much to do . funny are the scenes inwhere the teenage girl eventually decides that her step-mother is not like other people . basinger 's character has a magic purse with an annoying creepy critter in it who tells her what to do . think , jar-jar blinks . i suppose it 's ok as a backdrop for housecleaning . but that 's it . flat and mechanical
ella enchanted has been my favorite book for years and when i heard that they were going to make it into a movie , i was estatic . i marked the movie release date on my calander , got my tickets in advance , and waited on pins and needles on the way to the theater . the movie was a huge dissapointment . while i was n't expecting the movie to be just like the book , i certainly was n't expecting that . while the movie itself was funny and an overall good movie , i hated it because it was absolutley nothing like the book . the only common thread i found were the names of the characters and the fact that ella was cursed from birth . i suggest that you go and read the book if you enjoyed the movie , it is far better with an increadible story line and an ending that still brings me to tears , despite the fact that i 've read it over 100 times
enjoyed leary 's rescue me and the job so much but was really disappointed in his stand up - not funny and over done
this must have seemed like a great idea at the time , " cast culkin against type as a killer child and show his range as an actor " . the problem is his range is all the way from a to b . this movie never explains how or why the boy turns killer and asks us to except one too many " chance " happenings . in the end all we get is this " thriller " ( and i use the term very loosely ) that thinks just the idea of culkin as a killer is thrilling
even though i would agree that " erin brockovich " is an entertaining movie , julia roberts performance in it is no more oscar-worthy than was her performance of a prostitute in " pretty woman . " i am second to no one in enjoying a good " david and goliath " story , but this movie has such shaky roots in reality , it is more of a tall tale , than the " true " story of a historic class action suit that , i would imagine , left more unhappy plaintiffs , than it did satisfied ones . however , as the movie title implies , this is indeed erin brockovich 's story , in the same way that the " xena " character is the main attraction in " xena : warrior princess " ( though it should be noted that xena 's wardrobe is considerably more modest than that of the erin brockovich character ) . erin brockovich is a vain , brassy , boorish , single mother of three young children , with no marketable work skills , a transparently opportunistic manner , who dresses very much the same way as the prostitute character roberts played in " pretty woman " ( prior to richard gere 's character taking her on the infamous rodeo drive shopping spree ) . the movie 's beginning finds erin unemployed and pursuing a personal injury lawsuit in connection with an automobile accident ; her lawsuit is lost , primarily thanks to her own disastrous testimony ( swearing , cursing and shrieking from the witness stand ) while being questioned by opposing counsel . unbelievably , erin parlays the failed lawsuit into a job at her attorney 's ( played by albert finney ) firm , mainly by pushing her way into the office and ensconcing herself at a desk . later , while handling the paperwork for a run-of-the-mill , pro bono , real estate sale , erin discovers the file contains the seller 's medical records , that , for reasons she ( correctly ) does not understand , seem to be of particular interest to the buyer , the mega utility company , pacific gas and electric . erin independently embarks on her own personal investigation of the case and discovers that pg&e had ( for decades ) negligently contaminated the ground water ( surrounding one of their power plants in/near hinkley , ca on the edge of the mojave desert ) with toxic , hexavalent chromium . this discovery leads to the queen mother of all class-action lawsuits ( at least in terms of the award ) , in which hundreds of hinkley residents sue pg&e ( by and through the representation of erin 's boss ) in a toxic tort action that eventually nets a 330 million dollar settlement for the plaintiffs . roberts gives a photogenic , if not especially gifted , performance in her role as erin . the movie contains a plethora of flattering shots of roberts ( literally gushing out skin-tight , low-cut , bustier-inspired " work clothes " that would never be permissible attire for any employee of a law firm on this planet ) as she engages in warm and fuzzy discourses with the unsuspecting and unsophisticated hinkley residents . while there is much to be said for erin 's apparent drive and tenacity as she pursues the plaintiffs in the suit , she is not an especially likeable character ; rather , she is rude , verbally abusive and only conciliatory and kind when and if it serves her interests . albert finney is considerably more appealing and believable as ed masry , the aged and weary attorney who is erin 's boss . the bantering that occurs between the two is generally amusing ; unfortunately thanks to the inept direction and camera work , the focus for these scenes seems to be more on roberts ( strutting about in short leather skirts and noisy , five-inched-heeled mules ) than on the sometimes-interesting personality dynamics that seemingly exists between the two characters . aaron eckhart plays the affable , gentle biker and next-door-neighbor , george , who becomes erin 's boyfriend-by-convenience . the " convenience " factor is totally one-sided and for erin 's benefit exclusively ; she unabashedly uses george for free , live-in childcare , thereby giving her the necessary freedom to assist masry as they put together the historic case . erin eventually winds up receiving a staggering two million dollar " bonus " check ( from masry ) when the tort action case settles ; contrastingly , george gets a " thanks " for his nanny services from erin and his walking papers . the plaintiffs in the case are an assortment of simple individuals with unpretentious outlooks on life , who have been dealt a dirty hand by the utility giant . though the hinkley residents are sympathetically portrayed , make no mistake-this movie is about erin brockovich ( indeed , i do not think there is a single scene in which the chacracter is not present ) and less about the brave struggles with life-threatening , generation-spanning illnesses that the real-life plaintiffs were forced to face , due to the toxicity in their water source . erin brockovich is presented to the viewing audience ( in typical hollywood fashion ) as a sort of heroine ; but in fairness it would seem more accurate to say that she was a woman who indiscriminately used people , walked on others when necessary and seized opportunity after opportunity until she eventually struck it lucky and got rich . is the movie entertaining-absolutely . inspiring- not even slightly .
there are no words to describe how awful ( ! ! ! ) this " movie " was from beginning to end , but let me try anyway so as to give people a fair chance to avoid it and thus try and prevent their day/evening from being ruined : the film supposedly deals with a woman who has an accident and is " touched " by a sex angel only to discover she is a sex addict and the twelfth sex apostle.. . need i say more ? the plot , the " humor , " the dialogues , and the music are way beyond " below average . " there is next to no nudity and there are no , i mean 0 as in zero beautiful girls , in this film ! as for the acting-oh my- the acting is beyond words.. . school plays ( and pre-school for that matter ) have better actors ! it is truly sad.. . rent or buy ( ha ha ha ) at your own risk . you have been warned !
this movie is not vulgar nor does it rate nc17...dont believe the hype . check out pink flamingos instead , now that is a vulgarly righteous movie by waters and the with the goddess of filth..devine
i watched this movie all the way through only because i paid $ 22.00 plus shipping and felt i should give it every chance to redeem itself . it is a stinker and if there were minus number ratings i would give it -10 ! ! rated " r " for what ? language ? adult content ? i have seen disney films more deserving of the " r " rating . this movie was silly , definitely not entertaining in any way and i threw it in the same bucket i put my dog 's crap in when i clean up the yard . i am a chris isaak fan , have all his cds and went to his concert on december 9 . the fact that he would associate himself with this garbage has changed my view of him and unfortunately , even his music . i did not find the film offensive , i enjoy hard core porn . i feel this is a rip off , poorly done in all aspects and highly do not recommend it to anyone ! ! !
during my teenage years i was a fan of wwf wrestling and specifically , the rock . he was a tremendous wrestler who the fans admired right away because of his talent to be extremely funny on the microphone and cut some of the funniest , most disgusting lines ever mentioned on wwf tv . his talent in the ring was spot-on , and the rock would always give the people everything he had when it came time to step in the ring and compete . he rarely made a mistake in the ring... but he made a huge mistake stepping away from wrestling and walking down the path to hollywood . it 's not that doom is really a bad movie . sure , it was a movie considered a disappointment right from the get go because no one wanted to watch it at the movie theaters . it 's just a normal , monster-shooting film that delivers a tiny amount of suspense , and that 's it . i 'm sure the movie would 've been big had it been released 10 years ago . todays generation is probably sick of go-nowhere do-nothing action films such as doom . okay , so it does go somewhere , but the film is n't really designed to build to an awe-inspiring creative story . doom is the kind of movie you do n't really want to seek out- you just happen to come across it at the video store and decide you need a quick 90-minute action fix , so you rent the movie , watch it , and then forget about it the next morning . of course , i 'm sure you do n't forget to rewind the tape because that 's impolite . the rock never should have left wrestling . it was a bad career move and the millions of wrestling fans ( and the rock means millions ) really miss him . come back home , rock . please
the film has its amusing and even touching points , but not very many . the big problem with rh is that neither ford or benning are sympathetic characters . henry is just the kind of self-important , ego-bloated , smug , arrogant , cold-blooded corporate ass that 's helped step on working people for real , so it 's really hard to feel anything for him , shot or not . he 's arrogant even with a gun pointed at him , and the fact that it takes a bullet in his brain to even make him consider acting human is , if you think about it , appalling . and his wife is , in a way , even worse ; she accepts his character so she can have all the material things it buys and status is provides . she goes into a panic when she thinks they may have to give anything up , and does n't become " normal " ntil much later . only their daughter has any heart at all . maybe a better ending would 've been henry 's not making it , bening going nuts from losing her stuff , and the kid being placed in a foster home with the kind of people her parents should 've been from day one . barely watchable .
love michael buble , but this was more like a home made movie of someone using their camcorder from the audience . parts of michael 's head was cut off , and then ; sometimes , his whole head was cut off . most of the time , the camera man did n't expect where michael was going to move to and you 'll get a jerky movement of the camera man trying to get michael back into the picture . i wish they would have said in the description that this was more of a documentary than a concert . that this was just home made videos . this was definitely not worth $ 20 . if you want a professional quality concert , i would recommend buying michael buble 's caught in the act . caught in the act was worth the $ 20 bucks . you get professional camera men who anticipated michael 's movements , and parts of his head was never cut off like come fly with me 's dvd . also , the sound quality on caught in the act was way better . now , i understand why some places sold come fly with me dvd 's and had the word enhanced after it . the dvd that i received was not enhanced . anyways , skip this one , and get " caught in the act " instead .
this was so messy and mr. dorrington so over the top in hi self promotion . yuk . ! ..my partner and i were disgusted . he and his deceased friend/photographer are the rotten people who enter jungle animal habitats and cause the animals so much stress as to charge at them and these creeps can take photographs and brag-degenerates for sure.too damn bad for your buddy . it was obvious this was not quite of the caliber daring/bold/ and challenging as some of herzogs past films . we have been fans for 20 + years . looks like he did it for the money and dorrington rode herzogs coatails in a way . geez..i had just watched march of the penguins and wings of migration and those ! are truly documentaries made by film experts . the babbling and rambling on in the white diamond made me pity herzog . he did it for the $ maybe.dorrington yammers on and on in such a disgusting way i suggest you turn the sound off and fast forward to the end shots of the waterfall and the swifts . hey dorrington-who cares about you ? herzog..get out of california before you rot
i remember loving this movie and all of its silliness . i recently made it a nostalgia purchase and realized-it is n't that great . but my 6 year old loved it and continues to watch it all the time . my child is now a weird al fanatic...and i am ok woth that
this dvd covers addition from 1 plus 1 to 3 plus 3 plus 3 in about 60 seconds ! it does not give enough body to the addition explanation and is hard to follow . it was a pure waste of money
do not buy this dvd as it is a total waste of money,joe walsh can be heard on a much better dvd with eagles farewell 1 melbourne,au . this dvd does not have dts 5.1 audio format as advertised
this show is so boring all it 's about is poltics . what was hbo thinking having the one of the oddest shows out , it does n't play no background music even when it 's going off . and all the people do on that show is argue like petie little children , in one episode i found very shocking to hear was from a blond hair woman saying the two oldest sons of saddam hussian that died they made their bodies into make up she said it 's so ( queer eye for the straite guy ) and another episode she call a gay a fag , i did n't know she had that in her . what i found weird was why would actor george clooney would talk what the show is all about during previews , he has nothing to do with political things . thank god " k-street " never did get a second season
jodie foster is excellent but there is no doubt that the daughter will be found on the plane at the end . the only mystery is in the details . no real suspense . i found the plot to be a little farfetched
this has to be one of the worst movies i 've ever seen . the only thing that stopped me from demanding my money back at the end was the fact that i saw it in a free sneak preview . by the end of movie you do n't like any of the characters and you do n't care what happens to them , even the ones that started out sympathetic and likable . the third time jack nicholson 's character gets beaten with his own golf clubs you 're torn between wishing they 'd just kill him already and wishing they 'd kill you instead so you do n't have to sit through anymore of this crap . save your time and your money , turn around and walk away from this one . i wish i had
despite managing to give fleeting impressions of importance and quality , this film is a complete put-on . the long " set-piece " scenes ( wedding , russian roulette , etc . ) are much discussed , usually either in the context of being " essential for character development " or " boring " . in fact they 're a delaying mechanism behind which the filmmaker attempts to hide his lack of storytelling skills . once he does try to move things along , awkwardly jumping without explanation or exposition from one bloated set-piece to another , you can see the reason for his procrastination - despite being desperate to give the impression of profundity and truth , he really has nothing to say . the actors go a long way toward diverting attention from the film 's awkward vacuousness , by giving false and short-lived impressions of character and narrative , but this falls apart whenever the filmmaker attempts to make anything " happen " narrative-wise . 2 stars is rather generous , but de niro , walken and company deserve some recognition for some good acting , albeit for such a misguided cause . ultimately , despite some controversy , many of the film 's questionable portrayals of vietnam , vietnamese , america , americans and war are to be condemned more for their cinematic silliness than for their historical inaccuracy
so-so story about a man 's relationship with a less than pleasant child star and said child star 's mother . like that old dickie roberts movie , it tries to say something about the plight of former and soon to be former child stars , but does not do a good job of it . mickey rooney and shirley temple , where are you when we need you ?
about the only thing this movie has going for it is the excellent music . the producers of this film are out of their mind if they expect any viewer who 's not screwed-up in the head to feel sorry for the two stupid main characters just because their sick , incestuous , and adulterous lifestyle is incompatible with the world they live in . if you want to leave your entertainment center in a good mood , do n't watch this
waste of time . i turned it off . the " extra features " were slightly interesting . the actual film was just a vehicle for the creators to show themselves dancing . a vanity piece . why not present just the dance and save us from excruciating , badly-written melodrama . do n't bother
this pride and prejudice fan was hoping for a modern-day movie with a storyline much closer to pride and prejudice . even colin firth could'nt save this one for me ! on its own i found it sadly lacking in just about everything i look for in a romantic comedy including romance and humor . if you are a true pride and prejudice fan , i recommend buying the bbc series and the 2005 movie version . both are excellent . i would'nt waste my time again with this one
if this movie were set in the us , i would 've given it 1 star but the british accent , humor , and colloquialisms partially saved it...but not enough , sorry to say ! why not ? because despite a few mildly surprising and utterly contrived plot twists here and there , this film is still built on a particularly toxic myth : the desperately lonely and insecure 30-something single woman who is made to be as endearingly pathetic as possible for the audience to root for her inevitable finding by a mr . right . here , the film accomplishes that by making the central character tubby , clumsy , and possessing ridiculously bad luck and ill timing . almost from the first 5 minutes , this movie just reeks of focus-group-inspired audience manipulation as it slogs through the same old trite cliches and recycled tv-sitcom bits . was there even one half-original character in this whole movie ? do n't remember any...maybe because i 'd like to forget this dreadful cringe-fest of a flick asap
it seems like the actors did n't even read the book before they decided how to play their parts ! amanda root is terrible as anne elliot... overly timid and shy... captain wentworth is n't at all handsome or dashing... and when they finally get together at the end , it 's so awkward , bland , and unclimactic you wished you 'd never watched the movie because it so tainted the way you saw that moment as you read it in the book... some people might have liked it , but i definitely did n't . to get an idea of the adaptions of jane austen i did like , i liked the keira knightley and the colin firth versions of pride and prejudice . this movie could have been bette
apparently , this is a film that many women , who have read the book , can make enjoyable . characters , including anne & the captain , display wooden acting . poker-faces . others speak at a clipped pace . the properness of the times allowed for personality , as shown well in " pride & prejudice " 1996 & 2006 , but not here . shyness , plainness , or slowness , may be portrayed likeably , with some personality . both anne & the captain maintain wide-eyed , desperate , looks , constantly . many of us do get nervous within romance ; but we are compelled , by conversation , and activity , to interrupt our nervousness with personality . thus , anne 's & the captain 's constant , wide-eyed , nervousness is un-natural . all of us at the age of anne and the captain , would have refined our nervousness to be responses of : shyness , thought , distance , hopefulness , approval , or alarm . you understand the quiet thoughts , because of the story , in spite of the confusing , paralyzed , looks ; rather than because of them . you come to like anne and the captain toward the end , in spite of the wooden acting , because of the story 's ending . this film has pretty scenery ; such as walks along the ocean . the costumes are often very unique and well done . there is beautiful singing in one scene , and even better , wonderful singing over the closing credits . good period , romance films are so few , and so desired , that many women labor to imagine this film better than it is . i applaud their positive imaginations . however , they continued their fanciful , wishful , thoughts into rating this film . a reviewer , who liked the film , says she had read the book , and she cites a huge amount of important background from the book that is not shown in the film . a poor script for those who have not read the book . awful directing made awful acting . i would like to see this good story re-made by a better director . well-made romance films are : " pride & prejudice " , " wives & daughters " , " north & south " . fairly made is " under the greenwood tree "
all of us have a dark side . unfortunately auto focus focuses on this small subset of actor bob crane 's life and expands it out of proportion . in doing so the movie reduces the other voluminous and interesting aspects of crane 's life and career as window dressing . even the screenplay is , at best , an uneducated guess at the evening escapades of bob crane and john h. carpernter -- since both are deceased with the former murdered and the latter the twice-accused murder suspect . in viewing this film i knew that it would involve some of crane 's extracurricular activities . my interest in the film was as a hogan 's heroes fan and hopeful that the movie would spend more time on the back stage politics and production of the successful six-year series . bob crane 's professional credits alone would make for a good film . auto focus unfortunately revolves around crane 's so-called " secret life " and is little more than a product for the risque film crowd . facts are facts and there are established truths about bob crane 's private life . auto focus , however , should be approached as a fictionalized story straight out of a grocery store scandal magazine . you are better off spending your time and money buying the dvd releases of the hogan 's heroes television series .
i was optimistic for greg kinnear once . he was very funny ragging on soap soup . he usually plays the nice-guy second banana in film or a man dying of aids . auto focus gave him a chance to portray a 1960 's tv icon , hogan , in hogan 's heroes . the replication of the original cast is a bit eerie . after all , these actors dress up as german prison guards . a chill goes down my spine , but hogan 's was a comedy , which made the series kind of a curiosity beyond the silly caricatures of those funny ss guys . anyhow , bob crane played hogan for six years and kinnear badly imitated . yes , i 'm sorry to say , kinnear is awful as crane , which puts a damper on the bio-flick . here 's a disc jockey with semi-hip 60 's patter on the air with an all american family , a loving wife and cute kids . they live like ozzie and harriet in the la burbs , going to catholic church on sunday . crane lands his big break , falling for the trappings of fame . most people fall for the trappings of fame . read the supermarket check out magazine racks . so all of a sudden , crane 's garage porn collection is n't enough . women , very beautiful , hollywood loose-morals women find crane and his buddy william defoe irresistible . the birth of the video camera comes into play . the trouble with the script or maybe it 's the cardboard way kinnear acts , we watch , but in the end , we do n't care .
this has not aged well . the scripts are silly , the acting is of the " chewing up the scenery " variety . gale storm no longer seems cute ; she comes across as annoyingly perky . spend your money on something else
i just watched this movie version of the classic childrens ' book with my wife . here are my gut impressions :  first , very little is true to the book . that 's not really a gut impression . that 's the impression i got hearing my wife say " that 's not in the book...that 's not in the book... "  actually this movie is more like a computer animation demo than a vehicle for story telling . it makes for beautiful stills and pictures , and those made me want to see the movie . i expected a heart warming christmas story , and what i got was about an hour of frantic scenes of out-of-control railroad and other technology animated like never before with just enough pauses betwen them to remind me why i 'm watching . you get to see.. .  a kid chasing a ticket through a train ,  a kid chasing a ticket over the roof of a train ,  a ticket making its way through the forest -- rube goldberg style -- back to the train ,  ( forty minutes into this movie and one girl 's train ticket is the star of the show ! )  ok , the ticket sub plot is resolved and we have.. .  a train sliding out of control on the ice ,  a train trying to outrun cracks on the ice ,  a train going full throttle out of control and racing up and down mountain valleys like a roller coaster ( fans of the " coaster tycoon " series of computer games will feel right at home ) until finally it arrives at the north pole . then , the train car with the central character kids gets detached so we have.. .  a train car running out of control through santa 's village ,  kids getting lost in the christmas present manufacturing plant and falling through the chutes and machinery of the factory , and then.. . kids getting lost in a bag of presents that is taken by a flying machine to santa 's sled launching pad where the star at the top of the tree is dislodged and nearly impales an innocent elf . ho ho ho . at least let me have a joystick and a couple of buttons so i can help these kids out ! it 's like a computer animated train wreck in fast motion . you know it 's awful but you ca n't look away ! and , you 'd better think twice before letting any very young children see this . it could be very frightening on a big screen with the volume turned up . my wife and i were going to watch it with our three and six year old sons , and we were very glad that we did n't . so , what could have been a classic , enduring , and endearing compliment to a classic childrens ' christmas story is little more than a great line for some computer animator to have on his or her resume . two thirds of this movie is devoted to stuff that does n't advance the story or develop the characters one bit . whatever a " character driven " story is , this is the opposite . never have i seen so many rendered pixels doing so much and accomplishing so little . i 'd rather set up my old american flyer electric trains and let them run around the tree while i read the book to my kids .
the picture book of the same name by chris van allsberg is one of my favorite christmas stories of all times . so i was pretty excited to hear hollywood was making a movie version and a great actor like tom hanks was a leading participant . what a disappointment ! the movie 's tone is empty and wintery at best and at worst downright creepy . there are macabre touches throughout the movie with the most memorable being a mysterious hobo ( apparently supernatural ? ) who appears on top of the train from time to time and utters interesting christmas messages such as " do you believe in ghosts ? " the " lighter " scenes are so frenzied and overblown they do nothing to give the viewer a more cheerful holiday feeling . admittedly i saw the movie in dvd format on the small screen and i am told many of the scenes played better in 3d . yet " the polar express " still remains a highly unusual and uniquely unmerry christmas movie especially for a presumed target audience of families with young children .
this film is a tough one to review . the film itself is amazing . so therefore , i should give it high marks . the problem is that what most people seem to be getting from this is that all environmentalists are wackos , and there is no way we can cohabitate with nature ( as if we came from outer space or something ) . that is a bad and dangerous message , and so i feel it is appropriate here to give this 1 star based upon that . amazing footage , but ultimately does nothing but further the sensationalism required to seek and destroy more animals and natural habitats . how many grizzlies are hunted down and killed every year vs. how many humans are killed by grizzlies every year ? then take into account the fish we killed off because of dams , pollution , and over fishing that destroy the bears food source . how many grizzlies kill humans vs. how many cars kill humans ? should n't we all be more scared of cars ? i agree with the other reviewers that have said that this guy is cracked and self-serving . we can co-exist with nature , but not in the way this nutjob tries to do it . native americans ( whom we also destroyed ) co-existed with them for thousands of years . they respected the grizzly . this guy no more respects the grizzly than does the cancerous civilization he condemns . treadwell was very conflicted and troubled . not that we are n't all troubled , not that we all do n't deal with failure and disappointment , not that a good rant does n't make you feel better from time to time , but he had a death wish , and this was really just suicide by bear the way i saw it . am i the only one that noticed he seemed very at odds with his sexuality ? lastly , in some of the interviews , well , they were just weird and contrived , like they were acting . these weird people in this film do nothing but harm the cause
wasted talent . none of the characters are believable in the roles they are portraying . some funny stuff . craig ferguson can do better . charlotte church should stick to singing as acting is not her forte . every thing in this movie seems forced and there is no chemistry between the characters
there 's a reason why they talk about the " voice of an angel " -- it 's because charlotte church certainly does n't have the acting presence of one . her acting debut " i 'll be there " is proof enough -- only the presence of its star got this tepid little drama into theatres , where it rapidly dropped out of sight . rightly so . seventeen years ago , paul kerr ( craig ferguson ) of the love rats had a fling with a groupie at a concert . fast forward to the present : kerr discovers that unknown to him , his ex rebecca ( jemma redgrave ) gave birth to a daughter , olivia ( charlotte church ) , who is now a well-adjusted paper girl . the problem is , olivia has been kept a secret from her dad . rebecca is embittered , but kerr wants to get to know his daughter , and similarly olivia wants to get to know her father . music seems to be the thing that will bring the angel-voiced girl and the burned-out rocker together , but rebecca does n't want her child to follow in her father 's footsteps . " i 'll be there " was hyped months in advance as being inspired by the life of actress liv tyler , who , despite being only in her twenties , has had an immensely interesting life . well , maybe someday she will get a biopic , because " i 'll be there " is only similar in one way : it involves a rock star and his daughter . otherwise , it is boring in about every way that tyler 's life is interesting . with a forgettable script , not much humor and a goofy premise , the movie does n't have a lot going for it -- it reads like a disgruntled teenager 's absurdist fantasy , scripted for church to act out . and not a terribly interesting teenager , either . it gets increasingly ridiculous when olivia decides to pursue music to bond with daddy dearest ; it 's an obvious ploy to show off church 's vocal skills . the best that can be said of church 's performance is that at times she looks sweet . as for acting talent , she is bland at best , but she does perform some good songs , and her voice is as pretty as ever . just watch the songs and fast-forward her actual scenes . redgrave does as good a job as she can , and ferguson wrings some pathos from his performance as an aging rocker . his is the only memorable role in the film , and it 's a shame that the movie did n't focus on him rather than the dull miss church . miss church appears to have chosen a role that glorifies her in the middle of an atrocious film -- also known as the britney spears approach . " i 'll be there , " but i promise i 'll get out as soon as i can
the old dvd from 1997 looks better than the new hd version . i 've compared the two , and the first dvd had good color saturation , dark blacks and looked right with the heavy red and brown palette . the hd version has a blue-green haze covering everything and the picture is too bright . they also removed the film grain and made the image look smooth and creamy . the sound quality is better now , though , and the image of course is higher resolution .
this was probably the worst royal rumble in history . it featured three very bad matches , one decent one , a lousy royal rumble and an absolutely amazing match . brock lesnar vs. big show , royal rumble qualifier this match was absolutely awful . the big show is a decent wrestler , but brock lesnar is absolutely terrible . a predictable ending made this match all the worse . this match is like watching a tumble weed . the dudley boys ( c ) vs. william regal and lance storm this was a fairly decent match . regal and storm are very good wrestlers and in the tag team forum , the dudleys can hold their own . its sad though that this was the second best match on the card . nice surprise ending though . torrie wilson vs . dawn marie if you take out the fact that torrie wilson and dawn marie are very nice to look at , this match is worthless . unless you are really bored dont even bother watching this . triple h ( c ) vs. scott steiner triple h did all he could to save this one , but steiner really cant wrestle anymore . i remember back in the early 90s where scott steiner was one of the best wrestlers in the game . now he can hardly even move . this match really isnt worth seeing , yet its still better than some of the other matches on the card . kurt angle ( c ) vs. chris benoit there is no way to fairly describe this match . it was outstanding , phenomenal , amazing , incredible , brilliant . these two guys know how to wrestle and they put on a clinic . this match is easily one of the greatest wrestling matches of all time , and shows that you dont need steroids and steel chairs to put on an amazing match . angle and benoit are the two best wrestlers in the business and this match is proof . 2003 royal rumble match this match was decent alright . there werent any really good spots . it was fairly boring all the way through , and highly predictable . it got a little interesting when the final five were in , rob van dam , kane , undertaker , batista and lesnar . unfortunately , lesnar is an awful wrestler and he looked pathetic out there with other talented wrestlers . a guy like brock should never be in the royal rumble . it 's sad when the worst wrestler by far in the match wins . its sad that an event with one of the greatest matches of all time gets only a 2 out of 5 rating , but theres nothing much to watch here other than benoit/angle . as i said , the rumble was poor , the undercard was weak , and several of the matches were downright awful . the benoit dvd has the angle/benoit match . buy that . this isnt worth your money
let 's face it ; some of the jokes are funny . the one about mike tyson been like someone else 's bulldog let loose in the room was really funny . i also found the bit about bill clinton and osama bin laden also funny . however , jamie dwells too much on the fart joke . how can you tell a fart joke for 6 minutes ? after 2 min it becomes worn and so " unfunny " . why does he repeat himself so much with that line , " i am not saying she 's a crackhead , just a bit crackish " ? it sounds very rehearsed after the second time . if it were only for these errors i would have found the jokes altogether acceptable . what i found completely unacceptable were the racist jokes that he made against arabs . i am black myself but found some of the jokes about islam and arabs to be in bad taste . jamie could not even get an arab accent right . c'mon , guys the accent jamie pulled was an indian accent and not an arab accent . i kept asking myself , " what would black people do if a white comedian ( say robin williams ) makes the same crude jokes about black people ? " would it be acceptable ? " . i think not . i am sure the black press would slaughter robin if he did . i wish to call a spade a spade . nonsensical , crude racist jobs against any ethnic group ( black , white , asian and yes arabs ) are not funny . they degrade and demean . for not even managing to get an arabic accent , jamie deserves 2 stars from me .
i enjoy the initial season of murder she wrote very much . my wife and i are getting pretty good at discovering new clues to who dun it . frequently , though , it gets very frustrating to have the picture freeze or scramble up . often the audio gets out of synch with the video . terrible ! we surely wanted to go ahead and order the second seasons , but now -- about 3/4 the way through , i think we 'll just skip on buying these cheap double sided dvd 's
i , too , found this dvd a bit boring . the instruction for each pose took forever , even in the challenging workouts . while in-depth explanation is useful for beginner or even intermediate practices , i did n't feel it was necessary for the challenging sequence . also , i did not feel as if there was any flow to this dvd .
terrible voice , depressing indoor scenery , incredibly disjointed routines . do n't bother with this one ! save your money
but for me at least , i found it rather hard to root for mel gibson 's character , given the fact that he was a major , major drug dealer . when the movie ended with him more or less riding off into the sunset with michelle pfeiffer and all the loot , i did n't find myself feeling exactly uplifted by it . given the fact that the movie bent over backwards to depict gibson as a loving father , a phenomenally successful businessman , and a super-stud , one might fairly say that this movie glamorizes drug-dealing
michael moore can be really funny at times , but most people should not take this goofball too seriously . about half way through 'the big one ' , i turned it off because i did not find it the least bit funny and i did n't know where moore was going . what is the point of putting in a pointless sequence where he is talking to the guitar player of cheap trick ? this is not one of his better films
paul newman plays a burned-out private eye and gene hackman and susan sarandon are a movie-star couple with a long-buried dark secret . too implausible , too many overdrawn secondary characters . a rental at best
do n't bother wasting your time with this movie , instead read the book . the book was one of the best i have ever read , the movie left me wanting . i rented the movie after reading the book and never made it all the way through . so maybe i am being unfair since i did not watch the whole movie , but honestly i could n't , it just did n't do the story justice
this movie is the most boring , uninteresting piece of garbage i have ever wasted my money on . the plot is stupid , the characters are dull and insipid , and the whole movie leaves you asking , as the credits run , " so what ? " do n't waste your money !
i myself am a huge buffy/angel fan , i had read the reviews here and i thought it was worth a shot seeing it . well the script was terrible , the story even worse , direction - do n't get me started . one reviewer said it , it was like they did n't know whose point of view to choose . the soundtrack was awful . the ending was sooo stupid . did anyone else see the people at the docks leaning against the rail as three people are shot in front of them... they just keep standing there . like nothing is happening . i really have n't seen a movie this bad in... well.. . ever ! ! oh and alyson hannigan 's acting was way better in my stepmother is an alien . i think she was about 13 in that role . do n't get me wrong she 's a extremely talented actress.. . i blame it on the script . rent it , do n't buy it . you 'll be embarassed to own it . i am
if you are willing to risk to watch this movie , just a warning : it 's really a turkey , one of the big ones. .
i thought the movie was alright , but i am sorry that i bought it . i would rather have just rented it . it seems like half of the movie is out of focus , i am sure it is on purpose but i just do n't get it . there are a few erotic scenes but they are not worth the price
this movie was a bit lame for me . robin williams relied on his same old schtick for the whole movie , and the supporting cast was n't much better , but the worst thing about this movie is that nearly the whole thing is shot in front of a green screen . even if this had been a good movie , the green screen was very distracting . i would have given it 3 stars without all of the green screen stuff
i was so disappointed with this video . i thought it would contain more than it did , but it truly is the most basic of introductions and does not cover much at all . i had one ashtanga yoga lesson and expected this video to at least cover what the lesson did , but it fell far short . this only contains two very basic sequences - surya namaskara a & b , it does n't even go into the full series and i do not think it gives a very good representation of what ashtanga is about . there is no instruction in standing or sitting poses at all ! the two sequences are introductory sequences that lead into the poses , but this video just stops abruptly at that point.. . i found ashtanga to be a wonderful blend of relaxing yoga that also gives a full body workout . as soon as i did it , i felt that i had found the perfect exercise and bought this video as a way to practice at home . i ended up giving this video away after watching it twice as it does not contain enough information for the beginner to be inspired or even motivated to study ashtanga further
if you have bothered to read all the other reviews here , i think you will get the point , but still unsure ? think of knightrider from the 70 ` s ( i ` m sure edi used the same voice ! ! ) then add some thunderbird puppets ( thats a bit mean , at least they had personality ) then add a dash of c.g.i . on a budget , oh and not forgetting that the whole script was written by a seven year old ! a bit scathing you may feel - but deservedly so i ` m afraid . seriously , watch some paint dry for a couple of hours , at least the fumes will give you some sort of a buzz .
the movie is good except this version has been editted and cut out sceens , very disapointtin
of all the movies i have seen in this catergory this movie was dissapointing to me . poor acting and hard to understand dialoge . would get a refund if you were in australia . but it is too much hassle to poste back overseas . and it could get lost in the mail . debr
this is a fantasy film about a family of witches in modern times . the owens girls are hereditary witches , any man who loves one is doomed to an early death . there is a scene where a woman asks for a love potion , this requires the sacrifice of a dove . two little girls watch . years later they 're grown up . one leaves to live with her boyfriend . but the curse returns and a boyfriend is run over by a truck ( never stand in the middle of a road ) . we see scenes where the neighbor kids yell " witch " , as if to symbolize something . sally goes when jillian calls her ; she has a problem with her boyfriend . but sally uses a " magic potion " to eliminate the problem . now jillian wants to undo what was done . [ the film began to lose me now , it was n't funny . ] the spell goes awry , they bury their mistake . then there is a scene where the ladies are all giggles . later an investigator comes around looking for jimmy . [ the story drags again . ] more scenes follow ; they are not funny or scary or even entertaining . but a scene in the attic will wake you even if you 're snoozing ! they call some friends over to cast a spell to drive a demon out of jillian . it seems to work , even if they do n't use the standard issue witches broom . there is a sort of happy ending . sandra and nicole are good actresses , but they ca n't cast a spell to improve the script of one of the worst movies i 've ever seen . " bell , book , and candle " is a funnier film , " blair witch " is a scarier film . this falls between the cracks .
ok , the original is a classic and is what...90...100 minutes long ? jackson stretches it out to 3 hours and adds very little to the story . the native were scary . the quiet scenes with kong were welcome additions , they actually made him into a character...something that ca n't be said for any of the human characters . the insect scenes are ridiculous ! ! the dinosaur stampede was idiotic . anything with the young cabin boy almost seemed like it was clipped out of another movie . now jackson is adding 38 munutes to a movie that is grossly over padded to begin with ? ! ? peter jackson is a hack director that has no idea how to tell a story efficiently.remind me to skip his next 15 3 hour long epics
after i read erik larson 's wonderful book " the devil in the white city " i was fascinated by the brief glimpses at holmes ' story . but this documentary was a phenomenal disappointment . the production is amateurish at best , complete with needlessly corny reenactments worthy of " mondo carne . " with such a wealth of fascinating information available ( court transcripts , etc ) do we really need filler footage of some faceless actress wandering down dark hallways acting frightened ? this man killed countless people and yet the producers of this documentary thought so little of their audience that they hired a narrator who sounds as if he is the chief ride operator of the haunted mansion at disneyland . truly disappointing . perhaps someone will make an interesting documentary of holmes . this most certainly is n't it
this movie was a weak effort by capra , who directed it , and the star , gary cooper . it 's a good story , just poorly directed ( capra ca n't hit a home run every time ) . i found the acting very wooden and the movie seemed to just drag on and on . and no extra features on the dvd , at least none to speak of
this is my number one most overrated movie of all time . we saw it at a pretensious artsy theater , along with an assortment of ex-hippies and wooly haired intellectuals . they all cheered , of course , when the young girl beats the boys at finding the prize in the water , then becomes the chief . the truth is that every single scene is utterly predictable , given the politically correct theme . the truth is that old people are not bad just because they love their culture . the truth is that tradition is not inherently evil . the truth is that girls are no better or worse than boys . basically , if you hate men , this is the flick for you . but it is not good . it is not creative . there are no surprises . there is just nothing there . as i edit this , it 's no surprise to find so few people liked this review . there are still plenty of hippies and politically correct so-and-so 's out there
hello ? ? ? ? ? whoever mastered this great film ruined it by forgetting or refusing to provide english subtitles for the japanese and italian characters . how can such a thing happen ? if you find the vhs buy it . maybe some day someone will make the corrections . until then , avoid this dvd
this disc is like a whitman 's candy sampler : it has a lot of different things... but a lot of the things you do n't really want . the film covers kids , high schoolers , college ball and college recruiting/pay controversies , aba , nba through all its decades , harlem globetrotters , the street game and inner-city stars , country boys , indiana basketball , retired old timers hanging in florida , current stars , marketing ( are there any hoop videos that do n't talk about sneaker brands ) , public relations , fireworks , cheerleaders , guys on trampolines , women 's basketball..... whew . none of these subjects is studied in depth . if you 've followed basketball for a while , you know and have seen most of this . the subject sampling seems to jump all over the place , so it would be hard to hit chapters to see just what you want . i 'd rather see a dvd star profile ( jordon , iverson ) or &quot ; nba at 50&quot ; or spike lee 's movie , or &quot ; hoop dreams,&quot ; etc . 1 love is such a sampler it feels like the disc should come free with the purchase of a wilson basketball . or it seems like something you 'd see on sunday tv , after most people have turned off their sets when the real game ends . in short , &quot ; 1 love&quot ; is a decent sampling , but nothing to sink your teeth into
controversy courted the release of this film and people went to see it for the actual depictions of sex between the actors , thinking somehow it would be pornographic or titillating . but this film showed two desperate , middle-aged strangers ( with all their flaws abundantly clear ) meeting once a week for no-strings-attached encounters . the fact that the audience sees graphic moments adds only to the " desperate " , tawdry , pathetic feel of their relationship . naturally , one of the two of them becomes too curious and wants to know more about the other partner , one of the greatest pitfalls in the dangerous pursuit of anonymous encounters : sooner or later , anonymity is not good enough anymore .
comedy comes in many forms--everything from crude slapstick to subtle satire--and in " just friends " there is an uneasy fusion of two classic movie types . first , the movie wants to be a gross-out comedy . the sight gags are plentiful , the physical comedy abundant and often cruel , and the dialogue absurdly unrealistic . however , the movie also wants to be taken seriously as a typical romantic comedy--the variation where two people are meant to be together but various situations have kept them apart . these elements have been combined successfully in the past-- " there 's something about mary " jumps right to mind . here , we get something far less successful . first , the good news . there are legitimate laughs to be had in " just friends " and that was a pleasant surprise . if you do n't care about character development and just want inane humor , you could do worse than this movie . and if the sight of ryan reynolds in a fat suit sounds like the height of hilarity to you--check this out right away . sadly , it 's the romantic comedy angle that fails to ignite . there is nothing real at stake here to care about--and the blame for this falls squarely on reynolds ' character ( i 'll use the word character lightly here ) . reynolds may be one of our greatest sitcom actors working--the problem , however , is that he 's not in sitcoms anymore . he 's making movies , unfortunately--and his hamming up to the camera always seem to take the place of a real character . here , he plays a celebrity insider--a successful , trendy record executive . and yet , he 's not believable as trendy , successful or professional . his character vacillates between being the a villain and a hero , you never know or understand him--he just does whatever is necessary to set up the next gag . it 's too bad , really , because amy smart--as his love interest--is playing a character . i 'm not usually a fan , but here she does nicely and the movie lets her down . but it 's anna faris that i 'm going to single out for the most inspired performance . the funniest bits to me revolve around her character--a shallow , insane pop star . sure , it 's an easy target--but she throws herself into the role with such hilarious , over-the-top gusto that she is easily a cast standout . again , some humor--no emotion . if you do n't expect much from your comedy , you might just like this . the fatal flaw for me is that i felt this film wanted me to care about the central relationship , but did n't do anything to make it real .
i saw this movie in a trip and it is one of the worst movies i have seen during the last two years . stupid , stupid and stupid . ryan reynolds becomes annoying . if you have brain , never watch this movi
in spite of the thin plot line and the volumptous semi naked women , the comedian bernie mac stole this picture ! he played his part of the low life , club owning , hustler with perfect timing and high humor . he made this movie enjoyable to watch
i bought this dvd after reading all the great reviews and i was very disappointed . first off , it is outdated and that is annoying with the annoying music- but the background exercisers really bug me too . not only that , the moves are strange . she does a lot of shoulder work moving back and forth with her feet to the beat of the cheesy music . i found my neck hurt a lot after that . the leg section would be good if there was another way to position yourself . the ab section too was so old school , i was hoping to find some new exercises . i love karen voight but this dvd was definately the worst i have yet to purchase of hers . all the other karen voight i own i absolutely love
i think this film wants to make you vomit . i do n't know about you , but that is not a quality i am looking for in my films . being scared is fine ; being in suspense is great , vomiting is not . i really think that is what this film was going for . it has some pretty disgusting moments . while i was watching it i kept feeling this retching feeling at the back of my throat during certain scenes . in fact , i am feeling it now as i write this review and think about the movie . the story runs like this : a meteor falls to earth . it has an alien life in it which shoots into people and uses them as an incubation device . this of course means then when the aliens decide to hatch out of incubation...well its not a pretty picture as you may imagine . in the meantime the people who have aliens incubating inside them turn into rotting-corpse looking creatures , or in the case of the head alien , just a big pile of disgustingness . the idea itself is n't a bad one , and its executed in a relatively skillful way . in fact , the idea is much more original than many other horror movies . but as i said before , it 's just too disgusting to be really enjoyable . this movie was confused as to whether it wanted to be a comedy or a horror and while it was trying to figure that out it failed in both categories
i received this dvd from my brother who is possibly a bigger kevin smith fan than i am . i thought the fact that he was giving away his copy was pretty odd at the time until i watched the dvd myself . the degrassi episodes are amazingly boring and jay and silent bob 's toned-down appearances do n't help much . i really liked the original degrassi series so i was disappointed by this dvd . there are some funny moments in the " extras " section of the dvd but i would still only recommend this as a " rent " or something to buy used if you are a diehard fan .
the video in this dvd looks as though it was put through a simple computer program that decoded it for going on to a dvd disc . a standard 4.7gb disc , by the way ; that 's what you 'll get when you buy this . i say this because i 've used those programs before and know how they alter the video . this is how they alter it , and how it looks on this usa release of the dvd :  skin color is too red . dark ( shadowed ) areas are greenish . white/beige is pinkish . grey is bluish . white has blue on it . the colors are just totally messed up . evidence of grey being blue = look at robert duvall 's uniform ( you 'll see him 3 minutes into the movie ) . the german uniform is a semi-light grey . it is too dark and filled with blue . then look behind him at the wall . a lovely dark shadow of green . evidence of white/beige being pinkish , when robert duvall walks into that office , look at the walls . they should be a kind of white/beige color but they are not a shade of white at all , they are pinkish . as he walks into the office to sit down , you see curtains on the wall in the office . they are supposed to be white , but they 're filled with blue . at 48 minutes into the movie , you see donald sutherland sitting in the grass with the character molly . his suit is supposed to be black . look at it . it 's purple . that is not black . on top of all that , the movie is too dark . there should have been a brightness/contrast adjustment . if you pay attention to dark areas in the movie , such as fixtures around a room or an office , most times , they are pitch black and indistinguished . for example , look at desk drawers , telephones , vases , black hair , black jackets..even robert duvall 's eye patch . not much shading , usually pitch black . i 've read that this movie apparently was not remastered for the north american release . i plan to get the region 2 ( europe ) release . i 'd rather do without watching it on my tv and watch it on my computer in better , " proper " quality . 'nuff said
we were disappointed in this dvd and thought it was a waste of money . we did not learn anything new . they went through things quickly , everything was so basic , things that are mainly common sense . i felt this was a big huge waste of money , and is now in the trash
this newborn care dvd is strictly for caring for a newborn infant , in other words , what you learn here wo n't apply after the first 3 or 4 weeks . my biggest beef with this dvd is that it totally just skims over all the basics , such as how to breastfeed properly , how to bottlefeed properly , how to swaddle properly , how to calm a baby properly , etc . all the stuff you want to know about looking after a newborn , each is given about 5 seconds of screen time . instead , the bulk of the program is wasted on things like " pre-birth preparation , " which interestingly appears toward the end of the program , and how the mother should take care of herself . these are important things to know , but not for a " ultimate baby care dvd . "  the dvd packaging is also very misleading . it says " over an hour of hints " ... but that includes 1 minute of copyright warning and another 30 seconds of " you should always consult your doctor " warning , plus a long end-of-program credit . the actual content is about 55 minutes . i 've seen this dvd and the " abc of newborn baby care " dvd and even though the latter is not great , it 's better because it goes through the important topics step-by-step , and the nurse/midwife demonstrates the techniques clearly . between the two dvds , i definitely recommend the latter . btw , you can likely find this at your local library . it 's also available from netflix . it 's just not worth the price of the dvd , not even 1/10 of the price
our daughter has weak muscles and i wanted some workout videos we could do as a family to supplement her physical therapy . i saw all the good reviews and thought this would work for us especially since our girls love bears . not ! it did not keep their attention and as adults the movie was a tad annoying to us .
when i was looking for a fitness dvd for me and my two oldest children ( girls , ages 3 1/2 and 2 ) to do together , i was impressed with the reviews of this dvd and it sounded intriguing . though i was n't really willing to shell out 16 bucks quite yet , so we rented it from netflixs to try it out first . as adults my husband and i were really turned off by the " animated " bear , though our girls liked him . another thing that i was n't really impressed with was the camera was at times only focusing on kristi dear 's face or the animated bear and it was hard for me and our girls to follow exactly what moves she was doing when . we had to run through the dvd a second time to really get the routine . the total time of the dvd is 30 minutes , but only about 20-22 minutes of that is actual warm-up or workout time . the rest is filler about why we need to exercise and eat healthy foods and snacks , which is fine to watch for the first time or two , but then i found myself fast forwarding through it to get to the workout sections . which if i had to do that every single time i watched it with my girls , i would get annoyed really fast . my husband really did not think it was worth 16 dollars , he 'd be willing to spend maybe 5-7 dollars on it , but no more . i gave the dvd 2 stars because kristi dear really does a good job of communicating with kids , has a pleasant voice , and demonstrates easy moves and routines for kids to do . i highly recommend that you rent this first to see what you really think about it .
the hidden fortress is classic kurosawa , in every way--except for the wild overacting , inane characterizations and lamefooted humor of the peasant pair who form a central element of the film . had the peasants been just as grubby but more subdued , or given comic material with more edge , skewering the upper classes as well as themselves , or been less in the focus and operated far in the background , this would n't have been a problem . but instead we 're offered a sort of dumb & dumber , beavis & butthead of japan , 50 years ago . ( and yes , i know that is anachronistic , but it 's all too true . ) " stupidity is funny " wears thin after a short while , and the comic antics are both repetitive and all too easy to forecast . oh , here comes a rocky upwards incline : let 's watch the pair pull one another down with grotesque facial expressions as they try to scramble up , etc . which is all too bad , because while the rest of the film has its overblown heroics , its far from bad . the interactions between cast members has both tension and grit , while the outdoor settings mark a difference from the usual run of japanese period films ( though kurosawa addicts like myself will well recall what he could do in roshomon ) . mifune is over the top but splendid , and the direction has energy and focus . i 've seen this film twice in 25 years ; most recently , just last night , again . unfortunately , my initial impressions were only confirmed--and i wish they were n't
it is a pity that a wonderful picture is demerited by roger moore ' performance . her 's good for a dandy , in the continent , but in this film he is not convincing at all . he is verry debonnaire , like he is just sipping tea in great britain.thus , the film becomes stiff and you do n't believe it . the other actors simply try to do something , like a farce . it is a pity to see the great richard burton in such role . eugenia lizald
as usual , michael moore undercuts himself by refusing to accept that a 45 minute documentary should not run two hours . theres alot of great stuff here ( the interview w marilyn manson , the interview w trey parker , &c ) , but too often moore inserts himself into a story others should be telling , no more so than in the vile segment where he goes to visit charlton heston . i agree with many , nay most of moores politics -- but hes a rotten filmmaker with some great ideas but awful execution .
this stability ball workout is definitely a more advanced routine and is not for beginners . this was the first stability ball dvd that i purchased and became quickly frustrated with the routine due to the level . if you are a beginner , i would recommend leslie sansone 's you can do stability ball training . if you are a beginner or more advanced , i would recommend denise austin 's shrink the female fat zone or the quickfix stability ball training . my all time favorite dvd for the stability ball is denise austin . this is by far my least favorite .
this workout was very hard for me to get into ; i became very bored by it . the moves were challenging but the routine was blah . if you are a beginner , this is not for you . you are better off purchasing " quick fix stability ball workout " no matter what your level of fitness .
boring and like most every other new horror movie . lame mask,i think the awful movie cut used this mask also,who cares i suppose . this goes with all the other pathetic new era horror movies ( scream,i know what you did,valentine,urban legend,cut etc.. ) so bottom line do n't waste your time,stick with 80 's slashers
i bought this dvd becuase i really wanted to learn the dance moves in " you got served " and was extremely disappointed . the only routines they teach you are from the people who lost the dance battles in the movie and why you would want to learn those , i do n't know . the freestlye section at the end is fun to watch , but this is neither a good workout nor a good hip hop dance video
what movie was every one else watching ? certainly not this one . very , very , slow . disjointed story line . i hate to be a bore but this was boring . enjoy
the first butterfly effect is one of my all-time favorite movies . with that in mind , i eagerly started watching be2 . within the first 5 minutes it became clear that i was going to have to stretch the truth in order to claim this was a good movie . but after finishing it , it was clear that i would have to flat-out lie to do that . there is one and only one redeeming factor in this movie : erica durance naked . but it 's too softcore , short , and pointless to really be worth anything . the writing is terrible . the story is lifted directly from the original , only without any semblance of personal feeling or emotion . it manages to be both predictable and borderline nonsensical , a feat unparelleled in modern film . the protagonist comes off as an idiotic , self-concerned , petty jerk that even jerks would have a hard time identifying with . the acting is...barely passable , for the most part , but the story 's protagonist is just plain bad at expressing all the things this character needs to express . the first one was great because you never knew exactly what to expect - how long would he be able to keep doing this ? would this one be the last ? in the sequel , this is gone , but without any extra twists or added value to keep it interesting . if you have any fond memories of the first one , avoid this turd
nick lachey and jessica simpson have a few good moments in the nick and jessica variety hour . but the show looks too '70s in its premise , too donny and marie-ish in some parts and sonny and cher-in some others . lachey 's performance with babyface is nice . how come babyface did n't produce nick 's entire solo album instead of the batch of people nick went to that caused soul-o to flop ? he would have given him some smooth stuff to sing to . but having mr. t and johnny bench and kenny rogers makes the show look , sadly , too 1983-ish . how come they could n't get somebody current to perform on it , say maroon 5 or kanye west , who were both hot last april ? they wanted to bring back the variety show format , but it 's very hard to do it in an internet age . and jessica is n't all that good on this show . i 'd rather hear her music and albums instead . they need to bring new things to the format if they 're going to make another show . for now , lachey and simpson would be better off doing their solo albums than wasteful junk like this !
i love love love this movie , but you have to make sure you get the vhs version ( where the vhs cover is the cast riding in the car . ) lucky for me , this is the one i own . by mistake , i purchased the " wrong " version for a friend and we sat down to watch it together . the music in the dvd version is terrible compared to the original ( do n't even get me started on the c.d . soundtrack . ) whoever made the blunder of re-doing this for dvd re-release needs to be fired
it is obvious the makers of this film were trying to create some kind of action-comedy hybrid , however it just does n't work . the action scenes seem tacked-on and the gags just do n't work .
instructions : rent steven seagall 's latest action movie knuckle-fest " exit wounds " . insert in dvd player ; watch first 15 minutes of movie , remove from dvd player . return to video store . if you follow those instructions to the letter , you 'll have fun with " exit wounds " , which features one of the best opening sequences of any action movie in recent memory ( seagall attempts to thwart a brash , brazen assassination attempt ) . there 's also a great scene---strike that , a priceless scene : hipster uber-villain ( played convincingly by rapper dmx ) and a henchman go on a shopping spree in an exotic car lot ( ultimately settling on a lamborghini murcielago , paid for in cash out of a golf bag ) . the scene is dope , def , and cool---it 's all good , dawgz ! ----,in a new jack city way . and that 's a shame , really : it 's so cool it just makes you grind your teeth as you begin , over the course of two hours , to realize that the rest of the movie just ca n't hold a candle to its opening minutes . an action movie should be exciting ; after seagall foils a neatly organized assassination attempt on the u.s. vice president ( a brilliant little sequence which merits one star on its own , and from which 95 % of the trailer material was taken ) , " exit wounds " is not exciting . it 's stale . it 's rehashed . honestly , were it not for dmx , the few riffs from the movie 's excellent rap soundtrack , and the equipment , i would have thought i was watching an eighties seagall flick . and that 's surprising , given that the movie is helmed by " romeo must die " director andrzej bartkowiak , who also did the cinematography for speed , lethal weapon 4 , and devil 's advocate . the plot , what there is of it , deals with police corruption , and features a major twist near the end that takes the punch out of the story and does n't make any sense---but by that time you 've stopped caring . you 've seen all of this before---done better . worst of all , seagall is just too old to be a credible action hero ; he 's reached that wheezing , shortness of breath stage that afflicted roger moore back in " view to a kill " ---except seagall does n't have the acting chops that moore was able to fall back on . tom arnold is thrown in for laughs , but the laughs are so feeble , and the jokes so stale , that you 're laughing * at * arnold and seagall---not with them . midway through " exit wounds " i was fighting to stay awake , and that 's a shame , given that the first 15 minutes of the movie contained more sheer , hectic energy than any movie i 've seen since " face/off " . rent the dvd for that opener if you dare , but if you stay any longer you 'll see it 's true : old action heroes never die , they just fade away . js
i bought this dvd after watching jessica simpson 's latest music video " these boots are made for walkin ' " . i thought her reality tour live will have some catchy songs and video but was very disappointed . may be ok for those who just want to watch jessica sing
jessica simpson is a talentless bimbo . she is more concerned with shopping than she is with being a singer role model - a title that she so proudly proclaimed after bashing brittany and christina for showing too much skin . we all know now that the hypocritical jessica simpson would shed her clothes if the price were right . she is not a role model and her songs/tv specials are lower than below average
i would love to see the cast of this movie dressed up as hot dogs and thrown into a cage with star jones and marv albert . ( .. .
i was excited when this movie showed up in the mail and immediately put it in my dvd player and sat down to watch . it did n't take long for me to realize it was a cheaply made film . the story was interesting and had it been done in a better way , the film could have been great but after having seen movies such as trick and latter days where the acting and production quality were very good , i found myself feeling dissapointed after only a few moments . it is not a movie i would readily recommend
i just wanted to find out and please let me know dat is the a * teens music video " heartbreak lullaby " which is part of the soundtrack for the movie on the princess diaries dvd ..lyke as in the bonus features or something ? ? ive been trying find out but i cant so plzz lem me know cuz i just wan na get the dvd for the music video ! !
if you have n't already seen this one , do not wait until " tomorrow " , do it today . this is one of the most delightful musicals of recent years . great performances by aileen quinn as annie , albert finney as daddy warbucks , carol burnett is outstanding as ms hannigan and tim curry & bernadette peters make convincing nasties . the music is great and the easy-to-miss one-liners are delightful . all-in-all , a must see , and a must-possess movie
these are old disney shows from 2 series . i saw then on the late-night " vault disney " series . they were well done and interesting . the only problem is that this dvd is only a few ( 6 total ) of the 18 shows . so although i would rate the shows as a 4 or 5 , this release gets 1 star for being incomplete . save your money for if and when the whole series comes out
good grief - yet another dvd collection we are not buying because disney does n't seem to understand . we loved these series when they were on television but we will not buy something that is slapped together and incomplete . i hope the folks at disney get the message eventually . same thing applies to their live action feature films . disney should release them in widescreen with some extras or not bother . too bad because we have all the animated films and would happily buy the live action if the same care was given to the production
maybe this is not fair , to write a review without even seeing the dvd . i wanted to make sure disney understands that people do read these reviews , and i am not buying this dvd , as swamp fox is incomplete ! three out of eight episodes is hardly a reason to purchase
i recently saw les miserables - 10th anniversary concert on dvd and absolutely fell in love with it so i thought i would try something similar and decided to give candide try . boy , was i disappointed . i ca n't get past the first 30 minutes -- all these silly gimmicky " jokes " that are not even remotely funny . the singing is not bad ( this cast has better technical control of their voices compared to the cast in les miz ) but the choreography is trite and unimaginative , and the acting so juvenille that you 'd think the characters are retarded . when the narrator fired his gun and a " bang " flag shot out from the gun instead -- that was over the top for me.... yuck .
my impression was : what a waste of money - why take such a nice play and do it like that ? why ? - what 's that " old lady " ? what sort of character mrs. lupone built ? i read the reviews here - and i did n't believe them . i should have had . but there are good moments though - imaginative , creative , although far from funny
as i write this review , it was 5 years ago this very day that the walt disney co. released the classic " fantasia " for the first time on dvd as a 60th anniversary special edition . but exactly 5 years later , you can no longer purchase a legitimate , new copy of it without paying at least double the original sale price , via such avenues as ebay . as a disney shareholder , i am one unhappy camper ! ! this is the only reason i 'm rating this classic 5-star film with only 2 stars . the dvd is no longer legitimately available without forking over at least $ 40 or $ 50 for a new copy when the original list price was well under $ 30 ( and that current price is only going to go up as times passes by ) . i 'm sure i 'm not the only consumer that 's really sick and tired of disney 's inane policy of releasing and then quickly yanking some of their dvd releases . so what am i supposed to do now ? wait another 5 to 10 years just to buy a legitimate copy of this dvd when disney finally decides that the time is right to release it again ? i think not ! i ca n't wait that long , and my nieces and nephews will probably be too old to care at that point . or , should i instead pay an insane price now for an original copy ( the profits of which will not go to disney ) ? again , i do n't think so ! i do not believe in getting ripped off , and refuse to support those that profit from it , regardless of supply/demand fundamentals . if disney insists on continuing their ridiculous and outdated practice of discontinuing some of their classic films on dvd after only 2 to 3 years of availability , it should n't surprise them at all that they 're actually losing potential sales to counterfeit/pirated versions of the films that are being sold around the world ( and from auction sites like ebay , too ) . the way i see it , they asked for it ! ! by not making these classics legitimately available at all times , they are encouraging piracy . it 's that simple , and they deserve it ! ! in this day and age , people are not going to wait a few years to get something they want now ! ! i guess disney is forcing me to think about buying a phony yet much cheaper dvd version of the original " fantasia " just so i can show this classic to my nieces and nephews . i 'd much rather buy a legitimate copy that 's reasonably priced , but i ca n't because disney wo n't allow me to do so . oh well , it 's their loss . a classic film like " fantasia " , which came in at no . 58 on the american film institute 's 1998 list of the 100 greatest american movies of all time , deserves a far better fate than this . great job disney ! ! way to go !
do n't bother . just do n't bother . it 's sad to see
i hope i can give a fair rating here , but as one member who loves to watch lds films of all types , this one is a big let-down . i normally will sit through any movie to see if it gets good . this one was just overkill that was not even funny . i initially sqeezed a few laughs out in the beginning but then it looked like " nursury " comedy if you know what i mean . i turned it off after the whole overdrawn toilet scene with the wedding-gown-infomercial-in-a-movie
robert wiene 's " the cabinet of dr. caligari " is a celebrated work of german expressionism . while there are several interesting facets to it , this grand experiment in filmmaking can not be regarded as a complete success . francis ( friedrich feher ) relays a strange story . a man named dr. caligari ( werner krauss ) once came to his town seeking a permit to display an exhibit at a carnival . the exhibit was a wooden cabinet that housed a somnambulist named cesare ( conrad veidt ) . strange happenings then ensued after cesare predicted the death of one of francis 's friends . concerned for the safety of his beloved jane ( lil dagover ) , francis took it upon himself to determine whether caligari was the person responsible for the disturbing series of events . in a strange way , one can look upon " the cabinet of dr. caligari " as a bizarre version of " the wizard of oz " ( 1939 ) . the framing sequences are similar and the surreal appearance of the town effectively creates an unfamiliar world that has its own unique and distinct visual identity . yet , despite the ample creativity on display and the intriguing ideas the film explores in regards to memory and interpretation , " the cabinet of dr. caligari " is stiff and dreary . the characters are not engaging and the story is just a generic murder mystery with a monster thrown in . give " the cabinet of dr. caligari " points for trying to do something different and for influencing the look and feel of horror films that followed , but feel free to skip it if you are not a fan of the peculiar .
there is a coliseum video about the world heavyweight title . the tape ends when hogan was champ on his first reign . that tape is great . gorilla moonsoon with the commentary . the jr commentary does n't make this garbage any better . the matches are like de ja vu let me think yes i have seen these before . because these matches are on each and every other dvd . the extras on the dvd show the split seconds each title change . i really mean each clip has to be about 5 or 6 seconds . i know these matches were supposedly decided by the fans . i know i voted . were the votes counted in florida ? there are a million other matches that could have been on this dvd . i got the first disc from netflix because i was not going to buy it . some may say " he is crazy it was great " . maybe for you it is . i have seen all of that before . i wanted this dvd to learn something new about that history . there are no perspective segments or interviews . just overrated jr running his yap over matches he never called . i want to hear the real commentary with jesse not jr . but wwe screwed that up . there are a lot of things just wrong about wrestling now...oh i mean entertainment . it 's garbage now . wwe has put out some good dvds its just they did a crappy job on this one . hitman , jake roberts , road warriors , monday night etc etc . the dvds about the old days are the only things i look forward to because their current product is garbage . so when the thing i look forward to is as luckluster as this dvd sorry if i get a little ticked off . experienced wrestling fan get it on netflix or borrow it and go and get the coliseum video if you can find it . rookie fan it would be informative to you .
surprisingly sleaze and chauvinism by female director heckerling ! she duplicated it in chevy chase vehicle national lampoon 's european vacation too ! many child actors got their start here , but the thing that cracked me up , as i saw it when it came out ( unfortu- nately ) was the dialog of my fav band , cheap trick : ticket scalper " ...the magntism of robin zander and the charisma of rick nielsen...and what about the tunes , 'i want you to want me , the dream police...nan-nan-nah , 'you 're momma 's alright , your daddy 's alright , they just seem a little weird , surrender , surrender... " , before he 's interrupted . if that is n't somebody 's idea of 'surrender ' , they 've stumbled onto this review by mistake
i am always up for a new genre of film , but the reviews here are misleading . the basic plot of the movie is that life sucks ( yeah thats it ) . the rest of it is just sick . if your really into perversion then okay you 'd probably get more out of it then i did , but for the viewers who have n't been almost raped by their fathers , or killed their grandparents or shot themselves in public this is n't the movie for you . if you still want to see the movie try and get it from netflix or borrow it from a friend before you dish out the cash
a coffee table book come to life , ridiculously uninvolving writing and acting ; you could turn to any chapter in this pretentious take on mid-20th century japan and not suffer any the worse for it .
there are cinematic masterpieces , and there are films that really make you feel the producer knows how to use film to its fullest . this stinker convinced me mr. lynch owned shares in kodak and wanted to sell film by the mile . the only reason you may want to see this is so you will convince yourself never to see a david lynch work ever again . do not buy it ! ! manos , the hands of fate is much more watchable than this . i get brian eno and ambient/atmosphere music is so you will use it as a background along with your imagination to create your own inner experience . film does n't work that way ( another reviewer compared this with eno ) . i find memento a brilliant piece of work , really making me forget i am watching a film . i think videodrome is wonderful and compelling . this - make sure you can watch something else . watch this in 100x speed . you wo n't miss a thing . okay , i just remembered , there is one movie worse than this one . reflections of evil . if you actually like eraserhead then get that movie too . me , i 'd rather put a brain-eating worm in my ear from whatever planet kahn was exiled to in star trek ii . much less painful than watching this
how he gets away with it i will never understand.orson welles was a clown who dedicated his life to food and to criticize art in all of its forms . ( that 's what you do when you ca n't make art ) do n't worry,there is always rossellini,fellini,renoir,bergman,dreyer... .. .
the criterion collection , a continuing series of important classic and contemporary films , is dedicated to gathering the greatest films from around the world and publishing them in editions that offer the highest technical quality and award-winning , original supplements.the foundation of the collection is the work of such ( real ) masters of cinema as renoir , godard , kurosawa , cocteau , fellini , bergman , tarkovsky , hitchcock , fuller , lean , kubrick , lang , sturges , dreyer , eisenstein , ozu , sirk , bunuel , powell and pressburger . the criterion collection must feel embarrassed for wasting a tremendous amount of time in this glorious package to glorify the most incompetent of all filmmakers . i did not watch any of the extras , but i hope you can find there those hilarious tv- clips from the 70s with welles crying like a baby.... " oh...they only let me do the movie i wanted to make in kane... .
this was not very good , in my opinion . the ring scared the bejeezus outta me . this was not scary . two weeks afterwards , i still find my mind wandering about one thing...why the heck did n't they just kick that little boy in the head and send him accross the room ? if i walk into my house and see a half-naked boy meowing and hissing at me , i 'm gon na flip him over my knee and give him a good spankin
while viewing the dvd elizabeth i , we noticed many imperfections requiring restarts and/or interruptions of our viewing . this is the first dvd that we have ever seen with imperfections . it was very distracting while trying to view this excellent movie
this story is one of the worst " fantasy " stories ever . it is completely unoriginal and is a hodge podge of borrowed fantasy and mythological creatures set in a preachy judeo-christian story line . do n't waste your time with the books or the movies and look to lord of the rings or harry potter for original ( not to mention secular ) fantasy and escape .
i did n't like this video for several reasons . the rubber band is a waste of time and hurts your hands . i was looking for an aerobic video . i have gilad - bodies in motion which is great but was getting bored with it since i had it for four years . let me just say i 'm sticking with gilad because denise does nothing for me . you do n't even feel like you had a workout with her . she 's boring . i would recommend gilad for aerobics and tamilee webb for toning . tamilee is awesome . i have many of her videos and i 'm a true fan of hers
this program was boring ! as much as billy tried to keep the kid on the program motivated , about 10 minutes into the workout they were showing how bored they were , and of course my kids at home , and i 'm sure any other kid picked up on this , and soon lost interest . several things made this program boring : one , you ca n't understand a thing billy is saying , he would mumble unclear phrases thoughout the entire program , and his demeanor was very un-natural , to the point of being fake . he just looked & sounded very out of place working with kids . it came across like he & his crew were n't really sure how to interact with the kids , making them appear to be very fake . another boring point was the movements , there was absolutely no creativity here , these were some of the exact same movements from the adult tae-bo videos . now , i do applaud billy for slowing the movements down ( unlike the adult tae-bo which goes at a break neck pace ) , these movements are performed in a controlled manner . but , they are still adult type movements , and extremely boring for kids . i would have liked to have seen some creativity with these movements to make them more kid friendly , and more exciting ! to be honest my kids were turned off & bored with this program after the first 10 minutes . something billy needs to realize is , kids are smarter than people give them credit for being . - they can tell when someone is being fake & not truly having fun , and they also realize that when kids on t.v . are bored & not having fun , then this is n't something they want to do . kids want to have fun , and want to watch the instructor & other kids having fun . that is how you motivate children
this movie does not make sense . and it 's not weird in the style of david lynch , it 's just complete crap . i thought willie wonka and the chocolate factory was the worst/stupidest fil ever until i saw this . do not buy this . it is not a family movie , and it is not funny or entertaining
i purchased this movie as it was labeled an epic film and someone even compared it to the best love story since gone with the wind . give me a break ! this movie had an agenda 25 years ago , and it still comes across that way in 2006 . the rating of pg is a joke . please do not watch this movie with your kids ! it is certainly has a more mature theme than what you would think . the plot is lame and i am sorry i spent the money on it . i plan to get rid of the movie and exchange it as used somewhere where i can get something that is entertaining , this certainly was not . i did not even reach the end of the first disc before turning it off . for top names in the industry making this film , all i can say is they got paid a lot of money for nothing .
i agree with others ! season by season box sets of beavis & butt-head are what we fans want ! with all music and b&b commentary and no damned edits of anything ! until then , mike judge & company , i will not buy anything b&b related , relying instead on my own vhs recorded episodes ( limited in number of episodes as they are at least they 're the complete original episodes ) that i 've transfered to dvd . i want each and every episode uncut and in their original broadcast order . who 's the brains behind the lame " mike judge collection " series anyway ? ! ? some dumbass idiot working at burger world ? ? ? just from a purely greedy standpoint you 'd make way more greenbacks by doing it the right way for cryin ' out loud ! not to mention retain the show 's and your integrity . hell , even beavis and butt-head 'd think this " collection " concept 'd be lame and stupid ! ! get with the groove mike & co. and give us what we want already ! !
i dont understand why they didnt put the videos in like when it was on tv . the videos were the best part ! i asume its because mtv did n't want to pay royalties to the bands , so they called it the " mike judge collection " and left them out . uh , that sucks
i bought this dvd hoping that it will be a good one but it turned out to be awful and trashy . there is no story or plot to it , so i ended up throwing it away . i really regret buying it . if you 're into sex , then this film is for you but let me tell you this , it is boring like hell .
each scene is one shot , and that shot goes on and on and on , sometimes staying with the same act or lack of action . this film is pretension personified , but that 's okay . many people ca n't tell the difference between pretension and art . the music too is full of squeaks and squawks . in case you did n't know , that means that the music too is high art . there is no story . boy and girl see each other , and without preliminaries hit the sack . we see boy & girl here , there , in the sack , here , there , in the sack , etc . occasionally we get a shot of some of the other characters . because of the lack of dynamics , the film is not effective , either as drama or as eroticism . ironically , " the summer of '42 " was much more erotic even without any nudity ( which would have helped ) . the vaulted sex scenes are three in number , chest and shoulders , and they last about three minutes each . the much-touted fellatio scene is actually surprisingly good , more convincing than the " love " scenes . there are also a few brief full-frontal scenes of the star , who has a gorgeous body ( hence , the two star rating ) . bottom line : the only reason to see this movie is the nudity and the sex . but there are many better movies for that . so , only if you need the pretentiousness in order to permit yourself to see a sex movie should you see this .
* warning : spoiler * i can not believe people , excuse me , some women are giving this movie four and five stars . interesting premise,and it could have been a good , believeable movie-- but it was sooo syrupy . if this is what it 's like to be in love , please somebody shoot me ( note : i 've been in real love for 27 years now . ) i got through the movie and probably would have given the movie a 3 and a half until the very end . why the blankity-blank-blank does somebody always have to die at or near the end for the movie to be a " good movie " ? i felt like i was drowning in estrogen by the time the movie was over . would n't it have been more intriquing to leave the movie somehow pondering how this new love was going to all work out ? that , at least , would have made the movie more intriquing , believeable and redeeming . if ever a movie was made to force tears , this is it . this movie stinks and i do n't mind telling you so--and it 's not just because i 'm a man either . imo , there 's not much difference between this movie and a stupid , blatant steven segall movie where testosterone is promenaded around like it 's the elixir of heaven . same coin , different sides . the movie should be given a " one " --no a " negative one " just for the stupid ending , but other redeeming factors make it a " two . " still not worth seeing--i.e. , unless you 're into infuriating yourself . * * note : even my wife and daughter--both chick-flick connousiours--hate this movie.i have n't checked yet , but i think my dogs do too . * *  another note : these two good actors needed a better movie . see ryan in the superb " courage under fire " , or the jim morrison movie , or " when harry met sally " --which i do n't categorize as a " chick flick " but as a good romantic comedy,i.e. , not contrived
geez , maybe i have a heart of stone . i was n't a bit moved by the overrated streep and handsome clint . it 's a story about two hearts linked as one - a sacrifice by a beautiful woman for the greater good - a touching story of common adultery committed by two randy , bored adults . yawwwwn . streep can do any accent on the planet , and sprinkle it with more affected mannerisms than marcel marceau . that does n't make her an actress - just a clever chameleon . i 'd rather watch julia roberts play herself over and over and over than see streep play " pretend " roles . there , i 've said it . now goodnight .
almost unbelievably bad , except i saw the remake of 'shaft, ' which should have been a forewarning . this is like a comic book for filmgoers . no , not a graphic novel adapted to the screen . more like a comic book for kids , that you 'd be embarassed to own at any age . doubly offensive is the high quality soul music that is on the soundtrack , a travesty to the nth degree .
" legal eagles " is supposed to be a comedy . we 're supposed to find the characters played by robert redford and debra winger to be amusing , their acrimonious relationship to be hilarious , and the way that they end up being partners despite all of the gibes to be romantically satisfying . the problem is that the movie is too dumb to be taken seriously , and thus too dumb to be funny . briefly , the story takes place in new york . robert redford is an assistant district attorney about to be promoted to be the da . debra winger is a defense attorney , and daryl hannah is a young woman with emotional problems , and is debra winger 's client . the plot involves a fire 20 years ago , when daryl hannah was eight , a fire that killed her artist father and purportedly destroyed a large number of his paintings . this experience left daryl hannah traumatized , but all is not as it seems , and now , 20 years later , daryl hannah is first accused of attempted theft and later of murder . unfortunately , the plot involves many elements that simply do n't make sense . i wo n't go into detail , but roger ebert does a good job of listing four different major things that make the plot completely unbelievable . as well as the story being dumb i found some of the scenes that were supposed to be funny to be anything but . for example , robert redford is a weekend father to a teenage daughter . at one point his ex-wife threatens to go to court to prevent him from seeing their daughter . robert redford makes a telephone call to his ex-wife 's home and starts an angry monologue of threats about how he 'll take her apart in court . then he realizes that he 's actually talking to his daughter ! this mistake is apparently supposed to be hilarious . ha , ha . in another scene robert redford and debra winger are together and see one of the bad guys . robert redford takes off on foot to try to catch him . debra winger , who does n't know how to drive a car , feels it necessary for her to jump into robert redford 's car and try to follow him . she makes a wrong turn and finds herself going the wrong way into traffic on a wide heavily trafficked street . there follows one minute of her frantically dodging cars at the last moment . very funny . ha , ha , ha . this movie could have been a fairly good romantic thriller if they had fixed the plot and not tried to be a comedy . but the dumb plot and the unfunny attempts at comedy make it a complete waste of time . rennie peterse
this is entertainment ? wow , exactly how much of your brain has been damaged by fat
so-so movie . it has it 's good parts along with some boring parts but overall , good special effects with the ghosts . there were bloody parts in this movie making it more enjoyable to watch . when a very rich man dies and leaves his state of the art home to his nephew , he moves in with his family only to find out that there are things in the house that he was not aware of............. many ghosts . just a ok movie .
thirteen ghosts is about a machine . this machine was designed by a man who was at the time possessed my satan . yes , satan . if the plot does n't seem stupid enough , it needs ghosts to power it . ghostbusters anyone ? at the start we watch a ghost hunting scene with a ghost that looks it belongs in a michael j fox movie . as time progresses you find out that the 'demonic machine ' needs to be powered by ghosts . if done right , it opens the 'eye to hell' . save yourself a few bucks and do n't rent this . it 's awfu
i generally like some of these french-comic-books-turned-into-movies because they 're usually pretty erotic . jane fonda 's role in barbarella comes to mind . this gwendoline series definitely had the potential what with the scantily-clad women-in-bondage theme and the scenes involving gwendoline with her dominant girlfriend . but the very beautiful tawney kitaen ( cast as gwendoline ) apparently balked at doing girl/girl scenes ( this was 1984 , after all ) , and so the producers obligingly did n't force her to do any , and as a result this one turned into a very bland , weak , and diluted version of raiders of the lost ark . it 's not a good adventure film , and it 's certainly not erotic . there 's a little nudity , and some ridiculous moments that are supposed to capture the kinkiness of the french comics , but overall this one was a disappointing bust .
harold ramis 's " the ice harvest " wallows in mid-market crime and holiday angst , but never really hits either the comic or noir heights to which it aspires . all the ingredients are there , but ultimately the movie lacks spice . in some movies , it works where all the characters move at a slow pace - " nobody 's fool , " for example . but a dark comedy needs some pep , and " the ice harvest " does n't have it . a lot of that blame falls on the shoulders of john cusack , one of my favorite actors . he is at his best when he is riffing one of his intelligent-yet-soulful monologues , like in " high fidelity " and " say anything . " here , cusack 's job is to look morose and make the occasional comment - he may speak the fewest lines in any film he 's made as a leading man , and that 's a shame . billy bob thornton tries to liven up the movie in his scenes , but the menacing actor is off-screen for huge swaths of time and his absence is felt . the same with the entertaining oliver platt , who plays a drunken buffoon as well as anyone - he 's enjoyable on-screen , but when he 's not there , we miss him . the bar is set pretty high for holiday-as-setting-for-dysfunction movies . none of the exchanges rise to the visceral heights of the husband-wife spat of " the ref , " for example . the movie is filled with small-time hoods who all seem hung-over or depressed rather than moved to exercise their savage wits . instead , we get an ominous film that in many ways tries to evoke " fargo " or " a simple plan , " but does n't get anywhere close . there are a few laugh-out-loud moments that i wo n't spoil that keep the movie from being a complete waste of time . but all in all , the movie is a downer , and when the winners are finally revealed at the end , it feels less like a triumph than it does a ho-hum conclusion . throughout the movie , i kept wondering if this would have been a much more enjoyable movie where we got to see what was actually going on inside the minds of the characters . . . there seemed to be many scenes where the actors kept the best lines to themselves . petty crime can be highly enjoyable , but not in " the ice harvest . "
long , tedious action adventure with repetitive dialog , bad plot holes , and generally boring characters is how to describe this little foray into following up the characters from bad boys . marcus and mike are out about , trying to find some ecstasy they 've been alerted about . they get into a bunch of fights , a bunch of car chases , they get in trouble , they argue with each other . then they go and they get into another fight , then they get in trouble , only this time they argue with each other first . then they argue with each other , then get into a fight , then get in trouble . then they get into trouble , argue with each other , and get into a fight . the fights ? the same thing , over and over again . marcus is upset because he feels his life is in danger . mike is upset because he feels marcus is bringing in negative energy . they parody relationship therapy . there 's another thing happening . it 's this cuban antagonist . we do n't really care about him , really . he just kind of runs around , being cuban and evil and all . then we get to see him get angry at people . then he becomes devious . then he becomes malicious and angry again . so we watch , for over two hours , with just enough action to keep it moving . action that involves a certain camera movement , then a reverse shot , then the same camera movement , then the same reverse shot , then the same camera movement , then the same reverse shot.. . the only truly interesting action scene occurred in that house with the rastafarians , with that spinning camera thing . that was pretty clever . that 's why this film got any stars at all from me . really , all i got from this film was the feeling that the filmmakers were trying to make the bad boys series , if there will ever be one ( probably... ) into the lethal weapon series . i also got a lot of stuff about terrible psychoanalysis which was , to me , michael bay telling the world that male attraction to action adventure movies is not some weird psychoanalitical crazy mess , but just good natured fun . which is why the movie got a bit more of a higher rating from me . otherwise , wow , was that tedious . --polarisdi
after 40 minutes of objective viewing , and shot after superfluous shot , i sat through another 30 minutes in pain . i 've come to the fairly well informed conclusion that either peter jackson can only do epics wheather it calls for it or not , or lotr in all it 's incarnations had immense levels of supervision for jacksons from higher-ups . kong is not an epic , it is a tragedy . tell me to watch the whole thing , if you will , but if the film is constructed so poorly 70 minutes in , i do n't need to . on another note . jurassic park had better cgi than this . mr. jackson , no more 'epic fly-by shots please .
eraser has a few scenes that will keep your attention , but overall the movie displayed poor acting , stunts that are impossible and a mediocre plot . this movie possibly will be owned by many , but remembered by few . james caan was the only talent that eraser has to offer . sorry guys , my wife bought it , i watched it , gave it away and divorced her
this movie creeped me out and not in a good way . johnny depp is an awesome actor and i usually find him sexy but in this stinker i find him really creepy and gross . maybe it 's the michael jackson-ish look he has going on with the black wig and white face . could they have picked a more horrible look for ww ? it looked like they took him to a costume store and put a 10 $ wig and 5 $ clown makup on him ! i love tim burton 's other movies but this one sucked bigtime ! it gives a new perspective on willy wonka but this willy is someone i would keep kids away from . this movie is childish if you 're an adult and pales compared to the original . if you 're a kid it 's way too dark and scary and has some adult humor which will leave kids asking " auntie zoe , what does that mean ? " when are screenwriters going to figure it out ? either write a kids movie or write a grownup movie ! ! ! it 's really hard to do both in the same film . it seems like when writers try to make movies that appeal to adults and kids , they end up appealing to nobody ! maybe i am biased because i loved the original gene wilder version . i would have been open to seeing a remake if it was good but this movie was dissapointing . it 's amazing how so much money and effort go into special effects and expensive sets and the script itself is hollow with lousy characters . the whole thing just had a creepy vibe with almost sadistic undertones . the only reason i gave it 2 stars instead of 1 is because i love depp and burton , if you are not a fan of either , do n't waste your time with this steaming pile of poo !
seems like this video could be useful , but the trainer is terrible at working the camera and makes you feel uncomfortable watching it , yet alone trying to work out to it....some of the moves were cool , but all in all i will trade this in for something else
george sluizer 's original dutch-french version of the vanishing ( aka the man who wanted to know ) offers one of european cinema 's most quietly disturbingly anonymous and everyday sociopaths , feeling his way one step at a time towards murder . if you 've seen that version , you probably still ca n't get the final revelation out of your head , but the film had plenty more to offer than that , playing with chronology , subverting the usual cliches of its 'lady vanishes ' plot ( the hero wants to know what happened to his missing lover far more than he wants her to be alive ) and throwing in some excellent characterization . i can only assume that for this 1993 us remake sluizer was so determined that no-one else was going to get the chance to ruin his film when he was perfectly capable of doing it himself , but few people could have anticipated how comprehensively he trashes his own work . his career never recovered . chief culprit is an astonishing performance by jeff bridges that has been overthought through in every detail to a truly disastrous level . a friend who produced one of his earliest movies noted that bridges was a great instinctive actor as long as you stopped him thinking about what he was doing , and this film is the proof of the pudding . every movement is overly mechanical in its precision , making him look like a rusty clockwork toy , while his voice is a bizarre mixture of tootsie , latka gravas from taxi and a dalek who have all been taking elocution lessons from dok-tah e-ville . no banality of evil here , just a looney walking around with an invisible sign over his head saying " please . let . me . kill . you . thank you . for your . consideration . '  but the blame really needs to be shared out here . none of the performances are good : often , they do n't even look good - keifer sutherland looks more like a baby hamster than a distraught man at his wits end in the hurried scenes at the gas station , nancy travis flounders badly and sandra bullock makes no impression at all as the object of his obsession . not that they 're given any help by either director or writer todd graff . the script is particularly weak . the chronology has been altered to put the focus firmly on bridges at the expense of the couple at the opening of the film . worse is the rush the film is in , draining the life and character from each scene in its race to get to the next . rather than the high/low mood shifts in the couple 's relationship or the apparently casual but careful establishing of the feel of the location , we just get a couple of arguments that give you the impression that he 's probably better off without her . as for the new and improved happy ending - standard woman chased by nutter in the woods jeopardy stuff complete with lame ` let 's end on a joke like a tv cop show ' moment - best not go there... which is advice that holds for this entire trainwreck of a movie . even a shockingly bland and uninspired jerry goldsmith score ca n't do anything for this one .
joel hershman 's " greenfingers " , starring the now-famous ( and utterly gorgeous ) clive owen and helen mirren , is a sweet , cutesy , and utterly empty british romantic comedy . in this forgettable , generic chick-flick , inmates at a british minimum-security prison take up gardening . initially , they are understandably reluctant to garden . but , get this , gardening ends up changing their lives ! and , after his parole , owen 's character even commits another crime just so he can go back to prison and garden ! and mirren 's character is so impressed with the innmates ' gardening that she even has them garden for her ! wow , where do people get this stuff ? of course , this being a " romantic comedy " and all , there is a romance between owen and mirren 's daughter that is so incredibly forced , awkward , and contrived that one can not help but cringe as the two actors attempt to gaze lustfully at each other . in addition , peppered throughout are moments of in-your-face sentimentality and supposed " uplifting moments " . and none of it works . for all its good intentions , " greenfingers " is as drab and colorless as the cinderblock walls of the inmates ' rooms . it 's all perfectly decent , perfectly inoffensive , and perfectly dull
the flight into new york had been a long one ; but i was gently revived when kirsten dunst met me at the airport . she was to be my escort that night at the lincoln center where the president would present me the distinguished writer 's cross-the highest award this nation can bestow on an author . i quickly slipped my only suitcase in the backseat and sat next to her as she drove her mercedes s class sedan to the waldorf astoria downtown . " i have to admit that i did n't you who you were until i read starless grasslands . i do n't mean to embarrass you ; but that book changed my life . "  i tried to be polite and gracious toward the compliment . for the remainder of the trip we had a nice conversation while i approved the fluid motion of her hands and legs as she maneuvered the controls of the automobile . i very much approved of her legs . as i departed the car , kirsten leaned toward the open door to catch my eyes . " do n't forget . i 'll be by at seven so we can go to the ceremony together . please be ready . "  i expressed gratitude for her generosity and promised to be waiting for her seven sharp . the hotel staff greeted me and soon i entered the elevator for a quiet ride to the eighty sixth floor . as i entered the suite , the steward took my request to have my suit blushed , prepared and returned in a few hours . finally , a bit of peace . i poured a small measure of whiskey into a chilled tumbler and then walked over to the large window looking out over the city below . for a few moments i contemplated the remarks i was to make at this evening 's formal ceremonies , then i heard the hushed movement of stocking feet behind me across the room . i turned around and out of the bedroom to my left in walked sandy bullock dressed in a black sheer see through cat suit . " well , crabby , are n't you glad to see me ? "  before i could recover from my surprise another set of feet wisped across the floor from the sitting room on the right . it was jennifer aniston dressed in the same black sheet cat suit . " sweetheart , do n't look at her . come here to me . "  " get out ! " screamed sandy . " no , you get out . it 's not fair . i left brad for him so i get him ! "  the two of them stood in angry silence staring at each other for a tense moment . then sandy leapt at jennifer and instantly they were in a bitter fight hissing and scratching each other . it was a ferocious sight as pulled hair , shrieks of pain , and nylon tearing could be heard . then almost a quickly as it began , the fighting pair disappeared into the sitting room . several sharp punches were heard then a definite thump as a body fell to the floor . sandy marched back into the room victorious . i ran to the door of the sitting room only to see jennifer laid out on the floor out cold , spread eagle and naked . before i could think of what to do sandy tapped me on my shoulder . i turned around and there sandy stood . a little worse for wear . trying to catch her breath . nude with her torn cat suit draped across her feet . " forget her . she wo n't bother us now . "  sandy brushed the stray hairs out of her face , smiled and stepped out of her nylon costume . she posed standing and anticipating my admiration . " now i 'm all sweaty and warm . i need a shower . " sandy turned her lithe body and walked into the bedroom and into the bathroom beyond . i turned around and wondered what i should do for poor jennifer still laying unconscious on the floor . then i heard sandy calling . " crabby , why do n't you come and help me ? you could soap up my...... "   oops ! ! ! ! sorry ! ! ! err...just a little fantasy of mine . i meant to honestly review this movie but my more realistic nature took over . i swear my pitiful fantasy is actually much better than the story told here . you see , the cover of this dvd displays ms. bullock prominently with her name in big font letters . but in truth this movie focuses on tate donovan as the main character and only on ms. bullock as his unlikely love interest . as much as i " love " sandra bullock , i have to admit her filmography has not been kind to her . her best films have been while you were sleeping , wrestling ernest hemingway and the much-unappreciated hope floats . unfortunately for each of these gems are several terrible movies like fire on the amazon , hangman , speed 2 and this movie . the plot revolves around two " losers in love " who are unappealing both in looks and personality . donovan comes across a love potion from a gypsy woman ( an unrecognizable anne bancroft ) and soon both donovan and bullock have the most desirable members of the opposite sex at their feet . all goes well until others find out their secret and donovan and bullock discover that their true love is actually between each other . the story is predictable and unfortunately not very funny or all that sweet . chances are you can find a copy of this dvd fairly cheap and it is not a bad way to kill some time while you 're waiting for your own boyfriend or girlfriend to get off work-or your friends to wake up from their naps-so you can really do something worth wild .
someone bought this 3d dvd for my almost 5 year old daughter . we thought the special effects would be fascinating and they were . however , within minutes of the movie 's beginning my daughter was in tears . i wo n't say why but she found the plot frightening . several times during the movie i tried to talk her out of watching but she wanted to see what happened in the end . fortunately the movie is relatively short . overall , i found the story to be a cynical look at christmas . as an adult , i think it might be humourous to watch after a hard day of christmas shopping but i urge caution before showing it to young children . there was way too much animated violence to match the spirit of christmas
wow - hard to put into words how bad this was...... we kept waiting for the funny - it never came - we did n't even watch the end.... when they started turning julia roberts ( tess ) into the " real " julia roberts - well - we were done....... note funny - no........ .
the movie itself is just as good i remembered it . but the criterion collection dvd package , however , is so totally not worth the $ 40 plus postage i paid for it . i 've gotten so much more bang for my buck with other " special edition " -type dvds . i found the interviews and " extra " stuff dull . i want my money back
it is unusual that i disagree with so many great critics praising a movie where there is so much talent . this movie tries to deal with alot and does alot of it well but as a viewer , i am hugely distracted by mamet 's dialogue . no , i do not agree that people in the real business world talk like this ! real people do not mindlessly echo over and over and over the same phrases that they hear each other speaking . if i did that in my working environment my coworkers would think there was something wrong with me . real conversation does not run in that kind of patter . after listening to the characters for ninety minutes , i finally came to the conclusion that many of the characters sounded alike and the one connection point was mamet . real people talk differently from each other . they use different and distinct speech patterns and phrases and slang . i 've had this problem with mamet before and i ca n't believe nobody has ever noticed this before - and i would doubt that i am the first . i would n't be surprised if - somewhere - some actor in some mamet production has pondered this before . come on ! good dialogue is like good acting : if it 's really good , you do n't notice it until the show 's over .
what a disappointment ! i remember siskel and ebert raving over this romantic comedy . romantic , maybe , but comedy - never . very predictable plot from beginning to end . and rosie perez was truly offensive . a few times i could n't understand what she was saying . there is no way i could buy that she and cage 's character were attracted to each other . maybe critics liked this movie because it had no sex , violence , or rough language . although cage does get shot in one hold-up scene . it was just that you knew what was going to happen every step of the way . i am beginning to like cage more and more as he ages . [ spoiler ] i was really disappointed at the end to find out that the real people whom this story is based on were always happily married to their original partners . either they should n't have changed it so much or they should n't have let us know about the real story it was based on . [ end of spoiler ] but fonda and cage were very engaging together
this is a review of the " ultimate collector 's edition , " not a review of the film itself . if you 're considering the purchase of a two-disc special edition , you probably already know that the film is great ; you just want to know if this slick package is worth the pricetag . in short , it 's not . and let me be absolutely clear about one thing : i have known and loved this film for years . a few sequences look properly spectacular , but after watching this dvd on two separate ( and high-quality ) televisions , i 'm amazed that all of the low-light scenes have been rendered almost completely dark . like , too dark to tell what 's even * happening * . for instance , the scene where brad ( harry carey , jr. ) runs off to his death , the scene where marty 's ( jeffrey hunter 's ) " bride " is serving coffee along the river , and even the pre-dawn scenes leading up to the final storming of the comanche camp , are utterly lost in the dark . by contrast , the bare-bones 1997 dvd release features noticeably richer colors in the daytime scenes and total clarity in the low-light scenes i 've just mentioned . do n't waste your money on this special edition ; you 'll be much happier if you just shell out the $ 10.99 for the 1997 release .
old movies are great . i 've been waiting for the release of oklahoma ! in the new technology dvd format - i wanted to use my new dvd up-converter . i have the laser disk version , and after reading the reviews , i will keep it until fox gets its act totether . fox should have a press release when they fix the problems reviewed here - until i know it 's at least as good as my outdated laser disk , i 'll wait
do n't expect a comedy in the vein of trinity or they call me trinity . if you do , you are in for a fall . both of those were silly but redeemed themselves by being entertaining . this one has no such pretensions . it is merely boring . the story concerns a corrupt mining company out to cheat the local town 's folk out of their claims . they do this through intimidation and violence . when a couple of friends get hold of a claim , they put together a plan to secure that claim and those of the rest of the town from the bad guys . to do this , they enlist the aide of a traveling circus to serve as a distraction . they yell , they fight , they wrestle , they shoot and then they do it some more . its not very exciting cinema . this production is made worse by the dvd . i suspect that the original film was a rather low budget affair . the dvd , however , is of such low quality that who could really tell ? the edges are clipped off , the transfer is grainy and the effect is of someone holding a hidden handycam in a theater trying to bootleg it . it was not worth the effort . spaghetti westerns can be fun . this one , however , needs the pepto bismol right from the beginning to drive off the heartburn .
this movie isnt worth the time to read this review . it sucks and i 'm a big trinity fan . my advice is keep searchin
this is the worst asian movie that i have ever seen . the story is dumb and does n't make any sense , especially the ending . and to top it off it is n't that scary - it only gets a little bit scary at the end . my recommendation : do n't get this movie . it is also too expensive . it you want to watch a good asian horror movie , i have lots of recommendations . wishing stairs is pretty good . koma is an excellent movie . a tale of two sisters is pretty good . good luck
if this movie was ever going to have a chance , it needed to be about 4 or 5 hours long , or never attempted in the first place . some books adapt well to being edited and condensed as a screenplay - possession just ca n't be dealt with that way . what you have as a result is another story entirely . there just was n't time enough , i guess , to develop the characters , or even to include half of them . the only character true to the book and left almost intact was sir george . the rest were stripped of their layers and everything that made them fascinating , and we are left with painful stereotypes and , in the case of roland michell , a character who seems to have wandered on to the wrong set during filming . my best advice is that if you 've read the book , skip the movie , but if you saw the movie , you should do yourself a favor and get the book
why release wrestlemaina 's that are already on dvd ? anther thing wrestlemaina is months away , it was a perfect time to release the big four in order . survivor series entire series , then royal rumble , then wrestlemaina , and finally summerslam . made sense but wwe really doesnt think well sometimes .
well , this dvd is pretty bad , like everyone else said . it 's 4 episodes recapping the previous 14 , with narration from each character in the background . i believe they had to make these eps due to the fact that they needed to save some money in japan since they were n't getting high ratings on the anime series . anyway , i did n't buy this dvd , because i have the japanese box set instead , which saved me a lot of $ $ . i watched each episode , and i must say the only part i liked was the opening and ending theme . other than that , there really is no need to buy this dvd unless you are truly a die-hard wolf 's rain fan . but , do n't be surprised if you watch this dvd for 5 minutes and then throw it out the window . i really highly recommend renting this before you buy it , cause otherwise you are wasting your money
what really bothered me about hudsucker proxy : capitalism is the wonder of the world providing food and subsidence to everyone , even communist slaves and fascist toady 's under a democratic people ; yet , hollywood insists on blasting corporate culture , when the overwhelming majority of businessmen are not only honest , they are exemplary . so much hollywood talent and money wasted on a bad idea , so what else is new ? the coen 's have jumped the shark with this take off of the american screwball comedy of the 30 's . i cringed every time jennifer jason leigh tried to imitate katharine hepburn 's classic gargle . the poor actress may have destroyed her career with this stinker . i ca n't stand tim robbin 's politics , but must admit that he is the best actor to play a fool in the movies . he almost carries this farce . paul newman ; however , is collecting a check . he 's been collecting checks since the 50 's . his salad dressing stinks too . i 'm amazed at how much money the coen 's command in hollywood on such flimsy pitches . i loved fargo and enjoyed the big lebowski ( not as much as some cult fans ) , but this film , why did they bother ?
i bought this back in october of 2006 . can someone who bought it more recently tell me if the sound issues have been fixed ? i returned this item for a refund and wo n't be buying it again until paramount fixes the sound issues . parts of the show are very quiet ; i had to turn the sound up to even make out the dialog . then , a loud part comes on and almost blows my speakers . this happens multiple times per episode . repeat this for six hours . if i wanted this kind of quality , i 'd just download the episodes off the internet . there will be a gap in my collection until this is fixed . i do n't know why they ca n't pay someone $ 5.15 an hour to watch the dvd once before they make 10 million copies
trying to make a film concerning studio 54 for a mainstream audience is a really bad idea . it 's just not possible to do it and actually stay truthful to the climate of that era . gays had a lot more influence on that scene than the film lets on . from what i understand , the original director 's cut was gutted by miramax before the film was released it and it shows . other than mike meyers portrayal of steve rubell , there 's hardly a gay character in sight . there 's some very good actors in the film and their talents are simply wasted . thank goodness the good music helped me get through this drivel . anyone with a taste for fine filmmaking need not bother with this cinematic mistake
i guess when any era becomes old enough for the " nostaglia craze " to hit , we get to see what exagerations get stretched to the point of lying . case in point the 1950 's were not such an innocent age , and the 1970 's were not that wild . studio 54 , and the disco era in general were about freedom , great music , great people watching , and in general having a hell of a goodtime . for the brief period that it ruled the music charts , disco broke down barriers , and the stars of certain musical genres were able to crossover . i often call 1979 " the year that music got close to the light " . my big issue with this movie is that it failed to show that for many of us we took advantage of the liberation of disco 's ( like 54 ) , and enjoyed ourselves . it was glamorous , it was over the top , and it was fun . amazing as it seems , many of us did not inhail cocaine like air , and for some of us who did indulge , we did not become adicts , or for that matter guilt ladden . clubs like studio 54 were great palaces that broke down many barriers , and helped us escape the many issues facing the nation in the late 70 's . too bad this movie did not convey it .
wow , what a bore . the old stock footage is uneven and does n't show enough of the truck . other footage was taken on the fly when someone happened to have a camera on the street . the song is ok , but once that 's over my son walks away . why would a child who loves trucks walk away ? because some guy 's voice ( which sounds like it 's in an echo chamber ) comes on talking about a bunch of stuff he ca n't see on the screen . what 's on the screen ? more garbage stock footage . this looks and sounds like it was slapped together in someone 's basement
i own several real wheels movies and thought i would give this one a shot . i found the picture quality to be less than i expected and the footage seemed out of date . the narration was dull and boring , and the children 's voices screaming the number of the truck to be annoying . i would recommend any of the real wheels series instead of this - they never fail to please my 3 1/2 year old truck lover
i 'm of the opinion that king 's books rarely translate well into movies , and this is no exception . some of king 's work is fantastic , but unfortunately , a lot of it is simply tired old themes with nothing new . this falls into the latter category . a novel about a novelist , and one who has a hard time finding inspiration : please mr. king , which college creative writing program did you steal this idea from ? the writer 's ideas showing up in real life : from whence do these fantastic ideas pour forth ? i wo n't bother to tell you the ending , because if you have the poor luck to watch the movie , you 'll have already guessed it by the time you 're half way through . it 's all bad and hackneyed , from start to finish . i will give steven king credit for putting his fame to good use though . if anyone without mr. king 's fame and built-in fan base tried to sell a story this trite , their manuscript would never make it through the slush pile . maybe it takes a bunch of bad stories like this to turn out gems like the gunslinger series , but it does n't mean that we have to watch them
filming the story of gloriana is a virtual guarantee of success for a production studio , from warner brothers to bbc . the virgin queen still retains her power to enthrall , intrigue and mystify these 500 years after she came to the throne . she was perhaps england 's last true absolute monarch , and certainly one of its greatest , if not most famous . since the advent of film , she has been one of the most coveted roles to play . indeed , few monarchs have been so closely chronicled , save perhaps her own father , henry viii , and victoria . she has been portrayed by some of the most brilliant actresses : sarah bernhardt , bette davis , judi dench , judith anderson , miranda richardson , flora robson , cate blanchett , helen mirren , even quentin crisp , and most famously , and importantly , glenda jackson . and it must be said without doubt that glenda jackson 's " elizabeth r " is the defining portrait-- the most accomplished , historically accurate , and masterfully acted . glenda jackson is elizabeth i reincarnate ; there is simply none better , and likely never will be . so now we have anne-marie duff in the red wig for 230 masterpiece theatre minutes . perhaps for the sake of revisionists , we are offered a far less imperious monarch , one who is both reactive ( the real one was ) and passive ( the real one was not ) . duff is an odd choice . no beauty like cate blanchett , but elizabeth was known for vanity , not beauty . duff 's elizabeth , with quivering lip and watercolor behavior , seems filmed underwater , and make for an undesirable monarch-- certainly not the gloriana of myth or fact . where is her famous wit , her coy manipulations , her strong moral fiber , her intense devotion to state and loyal courtiers ? left with glenda jackson , i suppose . this elizabeth is a simpering , love-struck maiden or a crass , 60-something hag ( and only then do we see bits of fire in the performance ) . hag works ; crass manages ; simpering loses the whole impact . a suavely elegant , very attractive and distinctly healthy queen mary i opens elizabeth 's story ( no catharine parr , no thomas seymour , no childhood ) but is quickly dispatched . just as well , for she 's thoroughly ill-cast--mary was none of those things . ( far better was the wonderful kathy burke in the blanchett version , though she was a bit of a protestant caricature ) . daphne slater in the jackson series was far more appealing , and perfectly written . elizabeth 's transition from prisoner to crown is possibly the greatest story of her long life . no part of her history defines and creates her personality more than these years-- the abuse by seymour , imprisonment , exile , and finally her accession . unfortunately , much of this key period is sped through . the fatal flaw in the series is the decision to cast elizabeth mooning incessantly over robert dudley , later earl of leicester , here played by a childish , petulant tom hardy . there is no chemistry here ; he is pretty , but vacant . glenda jackson 's dudley , robert hardy ( no relation that i know of ) , is a bit of a fop , but he knows his place in court and elizabeth 's heart . their chemistry is clear . this version of dudley is a bit ridiculous-- how he would claim the queen 's heart for more than 30 years is a mystery in this performance . so is most of the casting ( what 's with the acrobat ? )  an egregious error in this production is the portrayal of suicide by dudley 's long-suffering wife amy robsart , whose death at 26 in 1560 remains to this day a mystery . more time should have been spent on the wooing of elizabeth by the french duc d'alencon , who very nearly came to be her husband ( again , the 1971 glenda jackson version handles this segment masterfully ) . all too soon and without sufficient explanation , we become immersed in the historically key , decades-long battle of wills and imprisonment of the impetuous mary , queen of scots-- elizabeth 's 2nd cousin , granddaughter of henry viii 's older sister margaret , whose claim to the english throne made her a rallying point of catholics , and a very real threat to elizabeth ( it was mary 's son james who succeeded elizabeth in 1603 , founding the ill-fated house of stuart ) . far more attention should have been paid to the case for and subsequent execution of mary , queen of scots , which was elizabeth 's darkest hour-- forever bloodying her saintly propaganda . likewise , more attention should have been given to walshingham , elizabeth 's master of subversion , although william cecil , lord burghley , is given fair due . the decisive armada happens much too quickly , lessening its impact and giving far too much time to be spent on the stormy relationship of elizabeth and robert devereaux , earl of essex , portrayed by hans matheson , who is cast and directed as a bad-tempered , bipolar " mama 's boy " ( a very strange oedipal twist here ) whose hair , look and even attire speak far more to 2005 than 1585 . the entire second half of the production is brought down by this admittedly strange relationship , here given a basketful of psychological issues left to the viewer to consider unraveling . the casting is awful , the acting mediocre , the personality baffling . this essex is a wreck-- blame the revisionist director . two significant annoyances : elizabeth 's ( duff 's ) accent is n't simply london middle-class , which would be fine , but stands in stark contrast to everyone else 's appropriate english diction and clarity . she comes off as a guttersnipe . and worse of all-- distracting to the utmost-- is the incessant soundtrack that dominates--and not pleasantly-- the action and plot of the movie . the sheer volume of it is horrendous , to say nothing of the attempts at mixing courtly historical period music with essex 's electric guitar . my suggestion here is to rent this one , watch it as long as you can , and then return to davis , blanchett , jackson , or even dench . overall , a disappointment . were it not for 95 % historical accuracy and enjoyable period costumes-- plus the decent acting ( most of the problems are the director 's fault , do n't blame the actors ) , it would have earned one star . but this queen is no legend , and this cast is horrendous . an inglorious gloriana .
as much as i like paul newman , this movie is very disappointing once you 've seen the far-superior film " day one " . the portrayal of oppenheimer and groves is overly dramatic and totally unlike the behavior of real professional people . the movie dwells on romantic side stories instead of fleshing out the history and science of the manhatten project . be sure to see " day one " if you are interested in this , and give this film a miss
there 's a saying : " no one sets out to make a bad movie . " brothers grimm ( miramax ) might prove otherwise . near the beginning of his commentary , the usually brilliant terry gilliam actually says , " i did n't like the script , but i was out of work . " not a good sign but an honest admission from the former python . although wonderfully visualized , the czech locations ca n't make-up for the muddled mess of a screenplay culled from perhaps the richest mother lode of raw story material available anywhere : the collected fairy tales of wilhem and jacob grimm . in spite of stars heath ledger and matt damon as con artist exorcists who encounter real evil , a great poster and an ok trailer , audiences rightfully stayed away via quick word of mouth ( " incomprehensible " " unwatchable " ) . worthy extras of interest mainly to budding filmmakers are gilliam 's commentary and the featurette : " the visual magic of the brothers grimm .
do n't waste your time . i usually give low budget horror a chance and i have an open mind , but this movie is utterly ridiculous .
to be fair , the legends of herakles , as they were originally written , have little to do with this movie , but maybe that 's for the best . having grown up on superman , batman and the justice league , i have a hard time calling a person like herakles a hero . in the original legends , he was a warrior , but also a brute who eventually wound up killing his wife and children in a fit of rage . he also was n't , as far as i can tell , as strong as in this version . therefore , interpretations of herakles are , i think , to be judged not on whether or not they deviate from the legend , but on where and why . disney has attempted to take herakles ( or hercules , in the roman ) and make it a story about a true hero , and a perfect one at that . there 's nothing i like more than perfect heroes . they inspire me . conceptually , i like the idea . instead of herakles being the illegitimate son of zeus and a mortal woman , he 's conceived in love by zeus and hera and turned mortal by a potion . not bad . as changes go , it works better than most . herc meets meg at the beginning of his hero carreer and falls instantly in love with her and she with him ( another deviation from the legend , and a very good improvement . ) of course , because hera is his mother in this version , she ca n't be herc 's enemy , so they make his opponent hades ; lord of the dead , which could be worse , as changes go . i 've never seen hades as being all that bad of a guy , but that 's how it goes . then there 's the hydra , which is , if anything , much larger and more powerful than it was originally , so that 's good too . aside from this , however , i have to say i was disappointed with most of the changes . the titans , to start with , were underplayed considerably . it might have been premature to mention that they were zeus ' predecessors , but they could at least have given them powers similar to what they actually had , and a roughly-similar appearance . oceanus , for example , lashing out with blasts of water from his hands like a fire hose , or cronos reversing the movements of his olympian enemies would have made for an excellent action sequence , particularly since hercules did n't beat the titans alone in the original stories , nor does it make sense that he should in this one ( grabbing a whirlwind ? come on now . ) i actually did n't mind hades ' used-car-salesman demeanor all that much , though i did n't see a reason why he should have flame-based powers when that 's clearly apollo 's territory . further , i thought most of the gods and muses were given no credit at all in terms of their innately glorious nature . why is this the case ? i think disney made the mistake , in this film , of not just trying to make the legends clean , but fun as well , and there 's nothing fun about war . i 'm not saying they could n't have made the concept work . in fact , i 'm saying they could have made it work if they 'd toned down the comedy and given the characters a bit of respect ( justice league style . ) still , for what it 's worth , this is one of the few movies left in the world that is n't afraid to dwell on the concept of a hero , and for that it 's worth at least one viewing . rent it from your local video store , in my opinion , before you make your decision
this is poorly casted and scripted movie , has only one thing going for it , no annoying chevy chase around to make unfunny jokes , he did not have too , the cast here do that in abundance
this is the first time i have ever purchased a " the firm " dvd . i was really disappointed in this one . many of the moves are not properly explained . some movements target only one side of the body and they do n't bother having you switch sides to work the other . ( really obvious in the salsa style section ) it took a few times of doing to get all the moves right , but even after that it barely raises the heart rate . the warm up leaves much to be desired . the cool down continues the " dance " movements but at a " slower " rate and stretching the neck for one second on each side and the inner thigh for one second here and those are not enough to even make you realize that you are stretching . i am used to denise austin workouts , that are half the length but you actually feel like you did something when you are done . not so with this " workout " at all . definately a waste for someone who is n't just starting out .
pearl jam seem to be making a comeback witht their live performances at present , but this dvd shows the band at a less than impressive peak . they all look like they 're pretty bored ( especially compared with their previous shows ) and have eaten to much throughout the tour before going on stage . a good dvd to avoid
pearl jam used to be good , now they 're just a joke and this dvd shows it . do not buy this its awful . they were great until after 1998
ladder 49 was not the type of film i expected-- i was hoping for a good , fast-paced action flick , which i got for about the first 5 minutes . the remainder of the 30 minutes that i watched was flashback to the rookie firefighter 's first days at the station . someone looking for drama and a story about the growth of a firefighter would probably like this movie . however , those looking for action should probably look elsewhere
i have been a huge fan of l. m. montgomery 's work since i was an eleven-year old girl living in the caribbean . i 've read and re-read , and re-read her stories again and again , and ca n't seem to get enough . the first two film installments in the anne of green gables story are warm , beautiful , funny , inspiring and moving pieces of work , that are more or less faithful to montgomery 's original novels . the third installment is a travesty . anachronism , bad dialogue , bad plot and plain old bad acting plague this " sequel " . i say " sequel " in quotes , because the thing i dislike the most about the movie is the fact that the storyline is a complete departure from what montgomery had envisioned for anne so long ago . what a way to end it . that said , i 've decided to purchase only the first two installments , and leave the third alone . i prefer to have anne and gilbert live out their literary lives in my imagination , than to poison my memory of them with the drivel that is anne of green gables : the continuing story
american pie : an immature , mindless , vapid , boring , blandly disgusting , humor lacking piece of over-rated trash packed full of cliches , highschool sterotypes , annoying horny teenaged behavior performed by a wonderful cast of grade a douchebags .
the lack of liam neeson and raimi 's directing is what ruined this movie for me . while mr. vasloo is superb in his taking on the burden of the liam created character and mr. drake always has appeal , the movie as a whole needed a much better script . it was too predicatble , too phoney . on the bonus side , they did manage to keep the hapahazard and crazy comments darkman makes during chases and fight scenes in tact , so that was a plus
this is one of my favorite romantic comedies . it is funny , touching , and has some of my favorite actors in it . and it does n't only center around the main characters but has a great ensemble cast of very interesting people !
absolutely unwatchable . cliche-ridden . so silly it 's very nearly offensive . it 's like watching one long music video by a b-level rapper - full of dumb , beautiful women , buff , monkey-headed ghetto thugs , and jokey tricked-out cars . without a doubt one of the worst movies i 've ever seen . the script is laughable , the acting worse . vin diesel and paul walker are more " dumb and dumber " than " butch cassidy and the sundance kid " . awful
a dull dull movie that perpetuates stereotypes of latinos in the us and abroad . i was very bored with this movie and found the plot to be very insulting . i enjoyed seeing some of my favorite latino actors and performers on the big screen , but for a somewhat mainstreamed movie that one can buy in target , i think it 's just a shame . the whole cast was pretty much of latin america origin , but that did not do much to glorify latinos as capable and deserving actors on the spotlight . the plot and dialogue dehumanizies and insults many .
the film is pretty lightweight on a whole but it has a nice charm with a well known hollywood cliche in film making.i applaud the effort.the chicks in this film are happening babes fo sho.but there ai n't much to the film but it has some fun to it
ok , i 've only just seen this film for the first time , so it 's hard to really judge the social impact it had 13 years ago and its importance in that respect , but this is not a particularly good film . i mean , it has its choice moments where it really comes together . the shot of caine downing a 40 in the korean grocers is imaginitively directed . any scene with o-dog is almost guaranteed classic status . samuel jackson 's in it . and if you 're a fan of dave chapelle 's tyrone biggums crackhead character , the token crackhead in this film is worth a few laughs for his to-the-tee similarity . but that 's really my problem with this film . serious issues are reduced to a series of ham-fisted archetypes straight out of central casting . and they 're all here : the homey black grandparents , the nation of islam convert , the socially conscious mother whose son is starting to go down caine 's road... all characters that might fare better in a different film that treats these issues with more subtlety and depth . take the french film 'la haine ' , for instance . it clearly took a lot of inspiration from menace 2 society , boyz n tha hood , etc. , but its characters actually feel tormented , instead of just having lots of scenes written for them to show their torment . rather than just running through a laundry list of problems , one-by-one , scene-by-scene , it really gets to the heart of something bigger , some grander alienation that urban youths feel , which is what menace 2 society would like to be able to do . plus , if you can believe it , the hip-hop in 'la haine ' is quite a bit better . so while i would definitely recommend seeing this film , keep the remote aimed and ready , finger on the fast-forward button . maybe about a half-hour of this film is really worth watching , whereas the other 70 minutes are mostly just dull moralising . oh yeah , and there 's a really embarrassing-to-watch sex scene thrown in for no particular reason . oh , also , the filmmakers apparently think people who have just been shot look like they are being electrocuted while spitting out cherry slurpees . in a film that did n't try to carry so much social weight , that kind of thing would be ok because you could laugh it off as bad filmmaking , but it really just cheapens this one
the kit was not worth its price . the spatial effect is poor . i 've been watching some much better 3d movies with much cheaper red-blue paper glasses . no , i do n't have visual problem , and i rigged up everything correctly . the dvds itself were not interesting . my kids were not impressed much . it were not made me happier with the pack . sorry this review seems against the others , but it is my truth . i 've stored it back into the box . i do n't recommend this for you
for months , disney advertised this as a 2-disc special edition dvd . but at the last minute , that second disc mysteriously disappeared . why ? this is false advertising , and if i had my way , disney would have a big fat lawsuit on their hands . it 's unfair to force people who really want a 2-disc to pay very expensive import prices to get one from the uk and to those of us who do n't own a region-free player . they did this same crap to alice in wonderland , but the other way around . uk lost a disc that we have , and paramount and fox have done this to us fans of titanic by dropping the 2-and-4-disc editions in the us , but not in the uk , and giving fans in the us a 3-disc edition . i do n't understand why these movie companies ca n't be consistent with their international releases and simply make a single version available for all people all over the world . unfortunately , i have chosen not to buy this crappy excuse for a " special edition " dvd . i do not appreciate being lied to . i still love disney movies as well as the excellent dvd editions , when disney actually releases the product they 've advertised for months , and i will continue to buy the quality dvd releases , but i do not enjoy false advertisement
this movie was so boring and stupid , i turned it off after about 45 minutes . maybe i had a poor copy , but i could barely understand what paula prentiss was saying -- and it was n't because she was &quot ; under the influence ! &quot ; i ran it back a few times but still could n't make it out . from the other reviewers , it sounds like it got better but , if something does n't grab my attention after 30 minutes , i say forget it
i loved the original movie , and i love johnny depp so i thought this movie would be awesome.wrong wrong wrong ! ! first of all , the child actors were horrible , well the charlie and mike characters were ok , but the two girl actors were the worst i 've seen in a long time . and what did they do to johnny depp ? he was so creepy and weird . i took my nine year old to see it in the theater , and even she almost fell asleep . if you really want a treat watch the original with gene wilder
i found this movie very poor and totally a waste of my time . it 's plot needs to be rewritten and it does not contain a deeper meaning . the ending was very disapointing and without proper conclusion . denzel washington did a great job playing the detective and john goodman is a very good actor yet the other charaters did not do thier job and was poorly acted . my recommendation is to stay away from this movie and save your money . buy somthing that has a good plot . d- is my ratin
i practically fell asleep while watching this tape , the girl doing the exercises is n't even saying anything while she 's doing it . it 's a voice over ! also she 's all alone in a blank room . all the exercises are basically the same . i would suggest mtv pilates . it 's a lot more fun
i bought this dvd to replace a worn video from the bbc ( british broadcasting commission ) . it was a bit of a shock . the original film has been edited and chopped up with bits of rubbish added through . it also now has a poor voice over . the whole feel of the film has been removed . all the pbs...and viewers like your rubbish ? where 'd that come from . it was totallly funded via the bbc . the pbs editions mess up may have been funded by someone else . my copy is going free as i wo n't be watching it again . sincerely , do yourself a favour and source out a bbc edition . i give it ( 5 stars ) it is an awesome package . inspiring and well told . something to watch again and again ( hence i 've worn out the video cassette
opened the sealed dvd case and get shorty was inside and not the usual suspects . i sent it back requesting a replacement and did not get a replacement . i got a credit , i think . not sure . i would rather just have the correct movie
i really want to give this piece of garbage a zero . actually , i only watched part of one episode , i do n't know if it 's from season one . i am a columbo fan , and a detective writer . i saw a sniper shoot a man on a platform . the platform was almost located right up against a building the sniper was in ! a toilet with flowers in it . he reacts to colds ? i saw a classroom full of kids . every one had a cold ! not very realistic . kiddie video game pacing , with no proper build up . they do n't make stuff for intelligent people anymore ! if you are new to this series , watch some before you buy . maybe some of it is ok .
some idiot edited this and put two bars on the top and bottom that are part of the video so in you watch this on a laptop or widescreen tv you will also get two bars on this side . this means that when you view it , it takes up about 25-35 % of the screen with four black bars taking up most of the screen . i could not even watch 5 minutes of this . complete trash .
the original csi series is fantastic because you figure out the crimes by finding the evidence . this series uses the csi name without the investigating that makes the original so good . it is mainly a mellow-drama surrounding the lives of the characters . some people will like the drama the writers have put togethor , but there 's no mystery
honestly , nothing about this show grabs me . i 'm surprised this show gets such high nielsen ratings every week . the writers tend to come up with similar stories all the time . but the biggest flaw is the acting . it is really laughable . me and my friends watch this sometimes to laugh at how ridiculous everyone seems to be . horatio caine talks in a slow drawl all the time , saying the stupidest and most obvious things . calleigh is always smiling at everyone and everything up to the point it gets irritating . none of the c.s.i team displays any emotion whatsoever , oh...except horatio when he over does it . the stories are also terribly boring and utterly predictable . if there 's a v.i.p suspect with a " history " with horatio , yup...you guessed it , he 's involved ( either directly or indirectly ) . and also , if the suspect appears in about 10 minutes into the show...yea , it 's not him . and calleigh gets " evidence " such as dna from saliva etc almost every episode using her sexuality . i mean , once or twice is alright...but i 've seen about 8-10 episodes and she does it all the time . every criminal here is an idiot , they are sure to leave all kinds of huge " clues " leading to them or their alliances . and every crime gets solved all the time . oh , and is it just me or does the c.s.i team seem to know everything under the sun at their fingertips , no need for books or researching , they already have it that big brain of theirs . think that 's unlikely ? exactly my point . in short , i would n't move appointments or hurry home to watch this show . in fact , even if someone gives me this dvd set as a gift , i would probably keep it aside or maybe present it to someoene else . watch this show if you 're really bored , with nothing else to do and no better use of your time . if you want real crime scene investigation , watch the original c.s.i , las vegas . that 's the best c.s.i....period
this is his absolute worst videos , not his best . you are missing tons of classic moments such as : when doves cry , let 's go crazy , mountains , girls and boys , batdance , partyman , scandalous , automatic , why you wan na treat me so bad ? , sexuality , i wish u heaven , glam slam , anotherloverholenyohead , america , and thieves in the temple . this is a crime . when is the real dvd coming out
i 'm a fan of the 1999 " the mummy " and was understandably looking forward to this sequel . in the summer of 2001 i went to catch it at the theater with two friends and after about ten minutes we were all bored senseless by the incredible bombardment of action and f/x . we just layed back in our seats for the next two hours in utter tedium . it 's a curious thing that too much action ( and f/x ) in a film can be boring . it may not seem logical but it 's true , and " the mummy returns " is exibit a. i recently considered the possibility that my first impression may have been in error so i decided to re-watch it after over five years . yet , after a mere 10-15 minutes i was again completely detached from the picture , even though there were all kinds of exciting things going on , or , at least , things that should have been exciting . " the mummy returns " has a lot going for it : a great cast , locations , costumes , cinematography , f/x , etc . in addition it has a great indiana jones appeal . unfortunately it all adds up to a cinematic piece of excrement . what went wrong ? simply put , no substance . " the mummy returns " abandons the characters , and the plot is utilized simply as a flimsy clothesline for action and f/x sequences . final analysis : " the mummy returns " has so many ingredients right , but it somehow utterly fails . it 's unadulterated cinematic junk . it should be utilized in filmmaking classes as the quintessential example of style over substance -- having all the right elements , including budget , and stupefyingly fumbling the ball . needless to say this could have been a great film franchise , but it was not to be . " returns " put an end to that .
charlize theron , her real life boyfriend stuart townsend , and penelope cruz are all nice to look at , and have at times shown considerable tlane in their work , theron having won as osca for her role in monster . but head in the clouds is one of those beautifully filmed films starring a beautiful cast that trying to stay beautiful in an increasingly ugly world , particularly europe in the 1930s . from the spanish civil war to world war ii , the stories of these three people who share a paris flat together is supposed to be a sweeping tragedy that shows how world events and fate can conspire to thwart true love . instead , it shows how silly things can be when you mix hedonism , narcissism , social responsbility , and sheer stupidity . you end up caring less about the characters , andwondering more how much more trouble will they get themselves in . this was a pretty stylish waste of time for everyone involved
one of the worst movies i 've ever seen , no real plot and acting is as bad as it can get . not even samuel jackson 's appearance saves this sorry excuse for a movie . horrible . awful
i could barely get through the...um...er...reimagination...of the childern 's classic - while the set design and special fx are state of the art , as usual for a tim burton film , the actual movie is hard to watch . why ? depp 's " performance " is chock full of ticks and mannerisms , off-putting , flat , self-absorbed , and finally , one-note . rather than the quirky fun of the original 1972 gene wilder version , burton 's film is more horror than fantasy , often casually cruel and sadistic to the point of being far from family fare . while deliberate on burton 's part , that does n't make the final product any more watchable . it 's one grim , dismal , downward spiral slog . not much holidday fun , huh ? as with most of burton 's other big , expensive failures , he knows how to create a convincing world , but has no clue how to populate it with characters and situations we identify with and/or could care less about . the final result is a film that 's like a fragile , hermetically sealed curio on the shelf - nice to look at from afar , but hard to get attached to , much less involved with . what a waste of millions of studio $ $ $
this movie was quite honestly one of the worst movies i have ever seen . as a huge colin firth fan originally from a small town in vermont , i thought that no matter what i had heard about the film i would enjoy it . unfortunately , i was wrong . the main problem of the film was characterization . there were oftentimes no motivations or explanations whatsoever for the character 's actions . one minute , the small town girl played by heather graham is working at a nursing home , then she 's downing alcohol , then she 's jumping around naked for absolutely no apparent reason ( in fact , she does n't even seem drunk ) , and all this entices the character colin firth to jump into bed with her . i think the heather graham character is supposed to be quirky , but because of the script and the way the film is cut , she comes off as schitsophrenic and unlikable . then suddenly they are in a serious relationship which colin dives into wholeheartedly even though he is supposed to be recovering from a breakup with his fiance ( and this is no rebound relationship ) . basically , the movie continues along this vein , with minnie driver showing up as the dark-haired british ex-fiance who you ca n't see ever having had a relationship with colin ( both actors are better in the much superior movie circle of friends ) . in any case , there are many more unexplained actions and wierd breakups/get back togethers before the movie thankfully ends . additionally , the setting is completely misused , beginning with the sign that says more than 18,000 people live in hope . in new england , that does not classify as a small town . they could have used the autumn setting and american-ness of the people as restorative to the colin character . the suggestion of that is there , but it is never demonstrated - instead , they go to a spot that is supposed to be nice and the heather graham character downs a bottle of booze , and colin firth 's character has no real explanation or feeling in his portraits of the town 's people . although the hotel owners are fun , if unrealistic , the mayor has been written as if he were a cartoon character . finally , i do n't neccessarily blame the actors for this awful movie , with the wierd cutting , it may have seemed like a good idea at the time . i think colin firth does his best at being an ambigious , but still likeable guy . heather graham , aside from not coming off as a small town girl at all , has absolutely nothing to work with , so you ca n't even blame her for the horrendous character she has . and everyone else , including minnie driver , is a complete caricature , although minnie driver incites some of the few amusing moments in the film . i feel bad to judge this movie so harshly , but it is unneccessarily bad , and i had been hoping for something at least fun . these actors all have much better movies out there .
here 's the " awful truth " :  that you would be willing to let this man , a raving , terminally obese , incoherent highschool dropout , who is to truth what a lead block smeared with ketchup is to cheesecake---that you would let this man literally plunge his hamburger-grease stained mitts into your skull , forming the mushy stuff of your brain into little foamy pink chunks of liberal pabulum . and that you would pay him money to render the service ! yes , you could watch all of the episodes in " the awful truth " : you would , no doubt , feel smug and superior to all those unenlightened troglodytes who voted for bush . you might giggle a bit , which is a common side-effect of a political lobotomy . but at the end of the day , it is far better that you take your lead from antiquity : when oedipus realized his own version of the " awful truth " ---that he had whacked pa , gotten jiggy with ma , and generally made an a * * of himself---he stabbed out his own eyeballs . might i recommend the white-hot iron pokers ? js
i preface all of my dvd reviews with the following note : there are more than enough film reviews on amazon.com and , quite frankly , it 's a bit ridiculous . a person can scroll through scores/pages of reviews without reading a single sentence about the quality of the dvd . if you want to review or discuss a film , go to imdb . if you 're reviewing the dvd , speak to the qualities ( or lack thereof ) of the audio and video ; mention your opinions of the plot , acting , etc . but please do n't write an essay ! now , on to my review of the ghost and the darkness on dvd . i remember wanting to see this movie when i was younger ( when it was first released ) , but it was n't until my sophomore year of college that i bought the dvd in order to write a term paper comparing the film to actual history . in terms of hollywood , it 's fairly accurate . the film itself , as entertainment , is great ( it seems some people are analyzing it as if it were a documentary ? ? ? ) . i 'm a fan of both douglas and kilmer ; they 're fine here , but they 've definitely done better work elsewhere . the plot moves along nicely and creates some definite tension and suspense . additionally , the photography is beautiful and the soundtrack is great , too . now the bad news : the dvd sucks . period . and i 'm not even complaining about the lack of extras here . the transfer is absolutely criminal , and those responsible for it should never work on another dvd project ever again . the print is clear and solid , but the aspect ratio is not correct at all . i was mortified when i popped it into my player , only to be rewarded with a distorted image . absolutely shameful...this film deserves a new anamorphic transfer in its original aspect ratio . video : c- audio : a film : b
i did not much enjoy this film , and i did n't find it very clever or funny . it 's true , as other amazon reviewers have noted , that citizen ruth stereotypes both sides of the abortion issue . does that make it an intelligent and even-handed comic treatment of a complex topic ? no , indeed . along the way , it also stereotypes poor people , middle class people , teenagers , drug addicts , christians , and vietnam veterans . that does n't make it funny , though , because the satire is so heavy-handed and predictable . simply tackling an important social topic , like abortion , is n't going to give a film the heft to generate either drama or humor . in my opinion , the film 's pretentious take on a big issue just makes it creepy . there were too many close-ups of earnest , wide-pored , and angry faces . and burt reynolds as the national leader of the anti-abortion crowd was just peculiar . what was he doing in this film ? and what are we supposed to make of his relationship with the young eric ? laura dern is a talented actress , and she does a creditable job with this part -- which because it straddles genres was a challenging one . but her talent could n't redeem this film for me
i have never been a demi moore fan , but this movie is even worse than i imagined it would be . my kids picked it up in the videotheque . i decided to give it a fair chance and watched it together with them . demi 's acting is rather passionless , poor and disconnected . she looks old too ! she does n't succeed at all in portraying a woman who is ravaged by the loss of her only child and by her own stupid fault and selfishness too . after just eight months after the tragedy she wanders off to some remote spot in scotland to write a new novel . yeah , sure . that 's what i would do after losing my only child . i probably would be in utter shock for another 200 years or so . after five minutes you do n't care at all what happens to her and what fate befalls her . you can see the few twists and turns in the plot coming miles before they happen . and all the illogical things start to get annoying very quickly . a guy who is alone on an island for years who does n't know how to cook a fish and succeeds in burning it . and who puts the spare key to his home out in the open on the sill above the door in a place that is battered by gales almost weekly . a mobile phone that functions in the middle of nowhere . i expected a film with supernatural elements , but boy did i get fooled . some of the photography and scenery was acceptable , but the cgi generated images of the lighthouse were done rather poorly . alas , not a film that i can recommend to anyone .
half light ( craig rosenberg , 2006 )  i 've been following some heated debate about this flick on movie boards , and it 's brought a somewhat related ( if tangentially ) point into focus for me : why it is that movies like darkness , the 2002 spanish " thriller " with all the suspense of a pee wee herman monologue , and haute tension , france 's painfully bad 2005 attempt at horror , come over to america and fall flat . well , i knew the answer , but really , you 're all providing me with more evidence . you 've never seen a good horror film in your life , have you ? because that 's really the only way i can see justifying darkness , haute tension , or half light as marginal , much less good , movies . demi moore plays rachel carlson , an american author living in scotland with her husband brian ( henry ian cusick ) and their son thomas ( the wonderfully-named beans el-balawi , recently in the tv adaptation of beneath the skin ) . thomas suffers a household accident , which leads to rachel and brian splitting up . rachel 's friend sharon ( coupling 's kate isitt ) finds sharon a lovely , secluded place on the coast to hole up and try to write ( and why is it that dead kids always lead to parents going off somewhere secluded , where they 're bound to be tormented by guilt ? ) . rachel meets a number of fine locals , including angus mcculloch ( the mists of avalon 's hans matheson ) , keeper of an even more secluded lighthouse not far from her new place , with whom she feels an instant attraction . despite being free of the marriage bond , rachel 's not quite sure what to make of her handsome stranger.. .  ...and neither are we . there 's obviously supposed to be chemistry between these two characters , but it 's never realized . it 's probably off looking for the film 's suspense , which rosenberg reminds us we 're supposed to be feeling by inserting a few scenes that tread the ground of every suspense movie clich    in the entire book . once you 've figured out the movie 's big twists ( yes , there 's more than one , handled with all the delicacy afforded to , say , a road being repaved ) , which you will have done less than thirty minutes into the film , rosenberg attempts to hit you with another big twist at the end . there 's only one problem-- the movie 's climactic scene is so befuddling that any attempt at inserting another plot twist that leads to the film 's resolution does nothing but leave the viewer confused and unsatisfied . ( go look at the film boards in various places . there is one question that crops up over and over again . it relates to the utter inability of the climax to get its point across . )  it 's not often that i say darkness is better than another horror film . after all , darkness was about the most pointless exercise in mediocrity possible . but if you have died and gone to hell , and you have a choice of which of the two to watch on endless loop for the rest of eternity , darkness should be a no-brainer . yes , this one 's that bad .
i 've owned the laserdisc version of " new order story " for 5 years and watch parts of it at least once a week , so i thought having the dvd version would be an upgrade . not at all , it 's a cheap transfer from laserdisc . the dvd containing " a collection " has defects in it . i mainly bought it so i could have the full version of the promo for " the perfect kiss " , -which in " story " is almost ruined by bono 's horrible voice- but it turns out it has a huge skip in the dvd version . i did n't even care to test the rest of the disc and just returned it .
the editor decided that i do n't want to see how the plane crashes into wtc , or how people jump from windows , so , he cut pretty much all of that and who knows what else . instead , there is a plenty of news people 's talking into camera about where they were at the time and what they were thinking ( and why do i care ? ) , plus a bunch of stuff about anthrax to pad the little footage that was left .
this dvd is edited from the original version . this movie is hot , the cut dvd is not
seeing what 's become of the rock and roll legends i remember from when we were much younger , i found very depressing . i 'd rather remember them the way they were 40 yrs ago . even jerry lee looked like he was ready for the nursing home
absolute dog poop - with corn . so there is this joke that all the comedians know about , and there are a million ways to tell it , and they get really raunchy . there , that 's the movie . i saved you two hours . oh but there 's a kicker , the joke is n't funny and everyone knows it . yet , of course , some of the comedians tell it like it 's the funniest thing in the world - sarah silverman , gilbert godfried , bob sagat , and south park are definite highlights . and i love sarah silverman . however , the awful cinematography , horrific editing , and terrible production value of this film make impossible for me to fathom why people did n't burn down the theaters when they realized this film was n't getting any better . i would have at least demanded a refund , and $ 100/hr billed in 15 minute increments . i think sarah silverman saved the day again
so i 'm supposed to believe that the horrible dialogue , bad acting , and ridiculous plotting is on purpose just because mamet is a respected guy ? how about we call a dog a dog and just move on
this show is my all time favorite , however universal has gone and dicked it up by leaving out various sound effects and a teaser , and a wrong season premier intro ! dvd is meant to bring out the best in media , not the worst , how could they lose sound effects ? unbelievable ! just does n't seem possible.. . season 4 is no better.. .  universal please read this and re-release season 3 and 4 already , the fans are extremely pissed off !
this documentary is poorly produced , has terrible sound quality and stereotypical " life affirming " stories . there was nothing in here to support wal-mart , their business practices or their philosophy
first of all , i am a joy division and new order fan ; therefore , i tried to like this . really , i did . sadly , this film stinks . the focus is not on the bands themselves , but on the obnoxious character known as tony wilson . what a monster ! either it was the actor 's depiction or he does truly have a horrid personality in real life . maybe i 'm not british , but i did not find 24 hour party people to be very funny . only a few scenes made me grin . the randomness added very little to the overall quality of the film . in addition , the camera work was very jerky . looked like it was done by a novice ( and yes , i 'm one myself , having made two movies )  the only redeeming aspect has to be the scenes with joy division . too bad the members of this band are minor characters . i can only hope that the biopic of ian curtis currently in production will be much , much better
i 'm very surprised that this product has as high a rating as it does , i suppose most are simply glad the show is available on dvd . however , the transfer to dvd is absolutely horrible . on an opening night shot on disc 1 , there is so much junk on the film that one would think one was seeing lightning bugs -- inside the house ! the colors on these prints are n't even as good as what is shown on tvland . this show might be 30 years old , but they can not be using the best prints available . there is another irritating tip-off of the cheapness of this package -- the music on the closing credits is wrong -- or is this my imagination ? for those who are defending this package , the upcoming daniel boone dvd set is a good item to compare it with . that show aired in 1966 and the remastered print is fantastic . studios and re-issue companies can do a good job when they choose to . it 's a real shame that , in this age of big-screen tvs , this program will look so shoddy . it 's apparent that with such a popular show , they could have recouped the investment
first let me say that i thought angela 's ashes was an absolutely terrific book and frank mccourt fully deserved his pulitzer prize . this movie was a horrendous let down . no one involved with the film seemed to have a clue about how to depict real deprivation and poverty . everything was a hollywood version of suffering and misery , from emily watson 's pretty red coat standing in for the real angela 's gray rag to the beautifully lit irish streets and of course john " let me tell you how you 're supposed to feel right now " williams ' cloying , inappropriate music . the acting from the children was great . they were absolutely the best part of the film . of course , given the constraints of film and the average audience tolerance for unpleasantness such as oozing eyes , pimples and bad teeth all the kids were pleasing to look at , clear skinned and attractive . at least they could act ! emily watson was given little to do . robert carlyle was good although alan parker seemed determined to sanitize the ambiguities of mccourt 's father by only showing little episodes of drunkeness and thoughtlessness . parker tends to be an extremely literal , by-the-numbers director with little understanding of subtlety ( look what he did in the pink floyd 's " the wall " ) . this time he was clearly given a mandate by the hollywood bigwig producers not to make the film too " depressing " or " grim " so that audiences would accept it . the film ends up being a choppy , gentrified , soulless version of one of the best modern books ever written . really a shame and a waste of resources .
this is a made for tv movie and not the original film . do not waste your money on this re-make . buy the original that was released in 1967 and starred robert blake
highly acclaimed . that , i knew . i watched the first 30 minutes , which is 1/4 of the movie , before i decided to hang it up . new lady moves into a conservative french town and opens a chocolate shop . this upsets the local church , even before she begins unleashing secret desires and so forth with her sinful chocolate . okay . can you really carry 2 hours with this single plot ? nope . this one 's boring .
i saw this movie yesterday thinking it 'd be exciting . i sure am glad that i survived after watching this terrible excuse for a movie . there 's no story line , the acting is pathetic , whoever gave vin diesel the idea that he can act . like an earlier reviewer observes it 's about who 's dumber the guys who made this movie or the ones who gave it a good review
i ca n't give it any less than one star but what the heck , the girls were hot so there 's the one star . other than that i am literally dumber after watching this movie ! i swear to god ! i passed out after watching this film because i got so stupid i forgot to breathe ! they should stop beating around the bush and hire retards from the mental home to play the lead roles because lord knows they would have done a better job ! even if they just ran around the set yelling " 1,2,3 , potato salad , march ! " the dialogue would have been 1000 times better . message to the producer : give it up loser ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
i love chazz p. and i can see why he would want to give the other side of the castellano epic , but man is this movie boring . castellano has to be one of the most uninvolved mobsters ever to take the reins of a crime family . if you know the history of this guy , than you should agree , and if you do n't , read some books about him . as powerful as he was , he sure did n't know much about running a crime family as did his predecessors , which this film does n't portray . the film also has terrible actors portraying both sammy the bull and john gotti . an insult at that . if you like mafia movies and do n't care about the history of its real-life characters than by all means watch it . if you do , skip it , you 'd be better off reading a book
to violent for anyone ! this movie is horrible . the cast is good , but the plot stinks ! its just this family who have super powers . then this kid wanted to be mr. incredibles side kick . ( in a way ) mr . incredible says no so then he hates him . then the kid turns evil and kills people , and wants every body to like him . thats origanal . there are barely any jokes you laugh once every 20 minutes , and there is way to much violence . killing , guns , punching , bombs , and they say stupid words sometimes . i do not like the person who directed this film because he should not like violence . so i do not recommend this movie to anyone . especially the 2 disc special edition !
well what can i say about this movie ? well one thing is : it was n't what i 'd expected . those who 'd seen the movie before told me it was bore and had absolutely nothing to it but i still wanted to see it . i was wrong and they were right . the movie is about a zebra named marty who wants to go to ` the wild ' , bring in a lion called alex who is self obsessed , a hippo named gloria who is overprotective and a giraffe named melman who need psychiatric care . marty escapes the zoo to go on an overnight holiday while his friends overreact and try to ` help ' him , but four get pinned in manhattan as ferocious beasts and are shipped back to africa . along the way boat is hijacked by the penguins ( who are the cutest characters besides the two chimps ) and get stranded in madagascar , meeting a dumb bunch of lemurs . that 's basically the whole movie in a nutshell . the group fight , alex returns to his lion instincts and they get back on the boat . end of story . the entire look of the 3d animation was terrible as well . they should have continued with shrek 3 instead of making this movie . it 's pointless to watch . the most interesting thing in the entire dvd was the ` penguins christmas caper ' , which was n't the short movie itself , but the man who played patrick from spongebob squarepants is the polar bear . for those of you planning to buy this dvd , stay away . it 's a huge rip off . it 's just something to keep you waiting for shrek 3
being a huge fan of sandra bullock , i bought this movie thinking it would be fun and cute like her other work . nope , this movie is garbage . first thing i noticed was that the sound quality is extremely poor which goes along hand in hand with the poor camera angles and shoots . the acting is very bad and the story line is simply ridiculous . over all , it 's not a movie worth buying .
i have still not received this product and am being bounced from staff to staff by dhl global mail . this is a ridiculous and unacceptable situation . i will never use amazon again , i feel cheated
it is unfair to judge a children 's film by the same non-technical standards you would judge a film made for a more mature audience . that said , i had a difficult time figuring out the intended target audience for disney " s " a far off place " , an odd mix of " alaska " , " walkabout " , and " blue lagoon " . since each of these films had a different target audience ( children for " alaska " , adults for " walkabout " , and teens for " blue lagoon " ) , " a far off place " suffers from a poorly matched and confused mix of story elements , the attempt to appeal to multiple target audiences ultimately makes it unappealing to all audiences . despite some positive comments on this database , " a far off place " did not impress audiences at the time of its 1993 release and has generated little interest since . based on stories by south african writer laurens van der post , " a far off place " is the story of three teenagers : nonnie ( reece witherspoon as a girl raised on south african game preserve ) , harry ( ethan randall as a visiting american boy ) and sorel bok ( as their young bushman guide xhabbo ) who attempt to evade a gang of ivory poachers by fleeing into the kalahari desert . ethan randall is actually ethan embry from " ca n't hardy wait " . although recommended for ages eight and up , most younger viewers will be deeply disturbed by the early scenes , where the family 's idyllic life is ended by a night attack on their home by the poachers . the house is burned and the parents are murdered . and more mature viewers will be deeply disturbed by the next scene where nonnie turns into rambo and kills most of gang in a sequence credible only to a horrified eight-year old . at this point it begins to look like " walkabout " , a story of an australian girl , her little brother , and a young aborigine on his ritual journey to manhood . in a significant deviation from the book xhabbo 's wife does not accompany the group into the desert . " walkabout 's " more adult theme of interracial sexual awakening is replaced by a " blue lagoon " romance between the two white teenagers , a reflection of the film 's narrower values and more modest ambitions . the scenes shot in the desert are almost the equal of " alaska " for scenic beauty but " alaska " s " more realistic survival challenges are superior to the blend of survival skills and mystic powers that xhabbo demonstrates to his two companions during their journey . there is an element of " the gods must be crazy " in this clash of cultures but the film does not go very far ( bad pun intended ) with the concept . both " alaska " and " a far off place " insert the element of poacher violence into the journey , to the detriment of the basic story . 'walkabout " did not need this and found sufficient story material in the enormity of the survival experience . bok is excellent as the young bushman and randall/embry 's performance is solid if unexceptional . those interested in witherspoon 's early work would be better served checking out her great debut performance in " the man in the moon " and avoiding this career misstep . those looking for a children/family story should stick with " alaska " . then again , what do i know ? i 'm only a child
well , this was about as formulaically politically correct as a movie can get , unfortunately : the female teenage protagonist ( played by witherspoon , whose acting powers have increased dramatically since her stilted acting here ) acts masculine and heroic , the male teenage protagonist acts craven and flippant . at one ridiculous point , the girl runs around acting like a commando , a veritable one-gal army , blowing up the bad guys , while the boy hides in a cave sniveling . later , when the boy tries to assert himself by offering to carry the gal 's backpack as they cross a desert , the gal snaps at him , bella abzug-style , and walks quickly ahead , leaving him in the dust . clearly a modern radical feminist thing going on here , and what is most unfortunate is that this movie was made for a young audience and therefore is in keeping with the modern radical feminist propaganda which is brainwashing young women into unnaturally behaving like men . of course , in the real world , the result for such manly girls , once they become women , is that men do not choose them and they remain alone , and therefore become bitter--ironically and inevitably blaming men , of course . in this movie , the wimpy teenage guy falls for the brassy , masculine gal--but that 's why they call them movies . when are these post-modern writers , artists , and other culture-shapers with an agenda going to realize that when they tout modern radical feminism , they are touting something unnatural--men simply do not prefer masculine females . men want someone to complement them , not compete with them . men crave femininity in females , not feminism . wow , is there ever a difference in those two forms of comportment ! this poor teenage guy depicted in this movie , at least his character does progress a little bit : by the end of the movie , instead of craven and flippant , he graduates to something akin to a metrosexual-type with a wild-boy haircut , if that is even a step upward . but the plucky gal--she 's still the one in charge in this fictitious world of upside-down gender relations . uh , another problem with this movie--and there are many--is when the kids are going through the kalahari desert , something which should be , and for a time is here depicted as , a foreboding and life-threatening task . yet we see witherspoon in this desert frolicking with a dog ; and we see the boy 's flippancy and joviality emerge in a totally out-of-place manner , considering the dire situation they are in . the sense of urgency which had been built up is totally excreted away by these light-hearted , inane scenes . look , i dig disney kid movies--more realistic ones . you know , old style disney movies . you take " old yeller " for example . now there was a quality kid movie , and quite true to life . this movie was not . it had a plastic , spoiled-american-materialistic-teenybopper feel throughout . disney has gone down the tubes . in any number of ways , they 've been subverted by radical marxist agendas ( note : one more of these was the fact that an african bushman was allowed to evince a pagan ritual from his pc pagan religion--something called " tapping , " while the caucasians were of course not shown evincing any sign of their un-pc judeo-christian religion--this is bias , folks , leftwing , pc bias , same as the aforementioned feminist bilge ) . i am learning to run , not walk , away from disney stuff , and this movie was further cause for me to do so .
having watched great movies in the bible series such as joseph , david , abraham , jacob , moses and samson and delilah and other good ones pertaining to scriptures , i was looking forward to another fantastic and educative film . what a let down by this anachronism . how low can one go ! this is a disappointing and misleading movie that perverts the word of god . if you do not believe in god , have never read the bible , particularly genesis but have heard of noah from hearsay , perhaps this movie might be of some entertaining value , a mediocre one at that . if you are looking for a movie with an accurate account of noah 's ark , do n't aggravate yourself . avoid this movie like a plague .
this movie is not very realistic . the sets are great ! , but the story is a biblical snafu ! they had the chance to embellish the real story , without compromizing the bible 's account , but chose instead to incorporate incidents that were thousands of years later , which impeached any incredibility it might have had . i did n't like it much for that reason .
" the ring two " is a horror film that gets so bogged down in the minutiae of its storytelling that it simply forgets to be scary . naomi watts and david dreckman return as the mother and son who have recently fled to a remote section of oregon in an attempt to escape the murderous clutches of samara , the ghost of a young girl whom they encountered in the previous film . however , like any specter worth her salt , samara has managed to track the pair down and quickly begins her scheme of possessing the boy as a way of returning to the land of the living . this is an extraordinarily under-whelming thriller that is little more than a series of extremely mild shocks ( if you even want to call them that ) interrupted by long stretches of hopelessly dull exposition . the story itself makes very little sense , and the climax is so blas    and half-hearted that i could n't be sure the movie had actually ended until the credits started rolling by . " the ring two " has a few impressive special effects up its sleeve , but not nearly enough to relieve the tedium that afflicts so much of the movie . in a mere two installments , this series seems already to have run its course . if this " ring " comes a-callin ` , don ` t answer
if you like murder-mysteries ; you might like this . attractive leads perform an average script . technically , good costumes , good lighting , attractive sets . the story holds your attention . the detective is interesting , and his sleuthing has some interest . if you like a light whodunnit ; you may like this . as good as anything on tv today . i rated this 2-stars , compared to " road to avonlea , third season " mystery episode with christopher reeve , which i rate 4-stars . not as clever as the tv show " columbo " ; but the period setting may make up for this . this did not have what i was looking for , some adventure , more believability , more charm , and more cleverness . the sets are attractively " staged " ; rather than sets that take you there . has pleasant characters ; but not deep . some good humor personality with the servants . the appeal is for one who likes a light , whodunnit detective film , in a period setting ; without my great expectations . i remember " young sherlock holmes " as better ; though i saw it a long time ago .
i bought 2 barbie dvd and this is one of them . it 's dark and scary at the beginning and the story line is not that great compare with the other one i have ( mermaidia ) . it does n't attract my daughter like mermaidia and she does n't like it that much . do n't buy this . get the mermaidia one
my daughters are not barbie doll fans...but they do like the movies . so do i . all but this one . the pegasus were beautiful...but it stopped there . we thought barbie was too snotty and disrepectful in her manner of speaking . bring back the nice barbie ! her 'boyfriend ' was just as snotty . we did n't like the evil wenlock...and the way he preys on teenage daughters forcing them into marriage . in one scene wenlock throws a tray of food into one of his wives face . that was shocking and sad . our copy of this dvd went into the trash
could have been a truly interesting film , just plain simpleminded and annoying
they spend the first half of this movie saying how great the ultimate warrior was . the journey is awesome ! then all of the sudden , the paid wwe guys just began to bad-mouth the warrior . maybe he did have questionable judgment - but why are they trying to make us feel bad about someone we loved ? they take some very low blows . they say that the warrior was a bad wrestler . actually he seemed just fine to me when i was young , and i really ca n't distinguish one 's ability from the other . they just all gang up on him and make outragious allegations . vince says quickly that the reason why the ultimate disappeared for 3 years was because he failed a drug test . as soon as he says this , they fade to black then come back with a new issue . what drug use ? which drugs ? presumably they 're talking about steroids . but what about that high and mighty hulk hogan with his admitted drug use . let 's not talk about that - let 's just keep ganging up on the warrior . they completely ridicule him changing his name to the warrior . and they also just try to badmouth him so much . who cares that none of the wrestlers liked him ? i do n't ! he excited the heck out of me way more than any of the dorks who say bad things about him -including hulk . and oh yeah - they do n't even let the warrior defend himself . why did i have to find out from imdb.com that he was asked to appear but declined ? why do n't they address this ? this " docu " is more slanted than " fahrenheitt 911 " every wrestling and ultimate warrior fan will start out loving this docu then hating it . it just leaves you with a bitter taste in your mouth , tired of all of the whining and bitter trash talking .
if you love hip hop then do n't buy this video . it 's a mix of movements that are not hip hop
michael moore filmed this propaganda,partially financed by the united auto workers , to distract attention from the real reason gm was forced to shutter plants - the japanese auto invasion , made possible by gm 's unhealthy cost structure . the company was burdened with exorbitant uaw wages , something union friendly michael moore does his best to conceal . so roger smith becomes the reason for the plant closings . years of losses at gm have shown moore 's twisted arguments to be exactly what they were then - phoney uaw sponsored lies to shift attention away from the primary role played by the uaw in the death spiral of the automakers . moore and others pretend gm management had dropped the ball , but gm lost tens of thousands of engineers and salaried staff , let go long before any unionized line workers felt any pain . all of gm 's problems are the result of the lack of profits resulting from the uaw albatross - slow redesign cycles , lack of money for research , you name it . moore will never mention how the uaw has screwed the consumers for the past 70 years and how now that consumers have a choice , they find the better value in asian autos . nobody wants to pay a uaw worker to bolt on a fender while making more than their family doctor . the uaw has fixed labor prices for long enough . enough is enough and moore is shown to be the stooge of the unions with this preposterous piece of slanted fiction he laughingly calls a " documentary . "
this is a pretty good collection for the mickey beginner . i would n't purchase it however if you already have the walt disney treasures " mickey mouse in living color " series because all the shorts are on those dvds as well
those who describe this story as " cute " and joon as " quirky " are n't paying attention . for me , this movie was a trip through hell with a final destination of insanity . the writers slickly throw just enough whitewash on top to let most people ignore the darkness . yes , depp is great , given what he has to work with , but overall i am very sorry that i was subjected to this horribly stupid , insensitive movie
with great music and a setting that reminds you of " vampire hunter d " it sucks you into watching the series . the plot turns out to be terrible and the idea of where the wolves came from and where they are going is underdeveloped and disappointing . the animation is good , which is a must have for me , but it was n't enough to redeem the series
i only give it 2 stars for the shower scene with the twins . really bad acting and plot that makes little sense . trying to be like the original movie but falls way short . its just bad acting with stupid and mean characters . not worth it except for the brief shower scene .
i normally praise disney 's animated movies , but i 've got to draw the line somewhere . i ca n't believe the average review for this movie was 41/2 stars . i found the characters in this movie annoying , even more annoying than that suv commercial where that guy walks out of his house and parachutes off the cliff . i urge you to buy treasure planet , any disney pixar film,tarzan before this one
there are two main reasons why this superman film fails to fly inspite of the special effects . what singer and company have missed is the heart of superman - virtues . the ideal of the american way ( noticably absent ) is supposed to go hand in hand with truth and justice . donner made the mistake in the 70 's of having superman sleep with lois , and now singer adds insult to injury by having superman discover he has an illegitmate child that he does n't take responsibility for ( deadbeat dad ) . using his super powers to invade the privacy of lois in her home , drags superman down to the level of creepy ( peeping tom ) . the second issue concerns personality . routh and bosworth look nice but have no charm and no chemistry . these are the two ingredients that made reeves and kidder so endearing . a new director , writers , and cast is needed . until then , at least there 's superman 1 .
what looks like a good movie to watch quickly turns into disappointment . whilst you expect some plot to come together ( at least on first viewing ) - it is strung together to confuse - even to frustrate the viewer . i was given no warning about the really really bad quality . having a hd large display does not help either . the sound is annonying as is irritating . in fact i got a refund on the movie hire ! i do n't expect overboard special effect and cgi overlays . i expected the quality to be above a cheap cam recorder however . the plot is complicated and the noise in the background adds to the disorientation which is done on purpose . on the other note : the cheap and nasty props do not add anything to crediblility either . stay clear - but if you have the time and want to view the movie - settle back and expect a " student " movie from some high school college . this movie although good in concept fails . i would like some production house to take it on board - create the situation with some convinving special effects ( to help the storyline ) , better sound , widescreen and convincing props . it could have been a brilliant movie but is spoiled by bad quality and unconvinving props .
i was seriously considering purchasing this movie , but luckily i saw it at blockbuster one night and decided to rent it before i made up my mind . i think it was the smartest move i 've made in my entire life because this movie turned out to be , not only the worst lesbian movie , but probably one of the worst movies ever made ! the reviews i 've seen for this movie are way too generous i must say . believe me when i say that i am not a strict critic...i can be easily entertained by the corny ones . but this one could not be salvaged , and one star is much more than it deserves . the fact that is in black and white can be overlooked , but the bad acting , and pseudo-artistic scenes reminded me of a film made in middle school . unfortunately , my girlfriend and i were unable to get through the first 30 mins , so i am unable to rate this movie wholly . all i can say is please rent it at least
i was really looking forward to movie . my goal was to expand my understanding of this historical period . many of the scenes looked like they used old sets from the 50 's westerns and the lighting technique was disappointing , these alone did not turn me off from watching . my real gripe about the movie was the dialogue and the acting . within the first 10 minutes of the movie , a stage coach is robbed , my attention was drawn to the portrayals by the actors . they were not believable and the dialogue just sounded like something that came out of book for young readers . later , when alerted that the posse is nearly upon them , the other rider responds with such uncharacterist language for a male ruffian that i laughed . as the movie plodded forward , scene after scene left me wondering , how quickly was this thrown together and how come they did n't rehearse more . i felt my patience to endure several more hours an unfair punishment . i generally try to watch a movie entirely but frankly , i think it was an embarrassment and waste of time . maybe it got better ( that is why i gave it two stars ) but i find that doubtful . i am wondering if both tom berrenger and the other author missed to many classes of script writing 101 .
i have seen many pathetic films in my life . this topped them . did i rate one star ? sorry- i meant negative 11 stars . it was the absolute worst movie i have ever seen in my entire life . it was a total waste of three hours when i could have been sleeping . there was no point . the script and storyline were pathetic . the gore was overdone- too much blood , killing , and the like . it was totally historically inaccurate , and the civil war scenes were so grossly unrealistic that it was laughable . all civil war veterans are rolling over in their graves . any scene that was supposed to be touching was pathetic . one of the abolsute bombs was when clint eastwood fires off a canon twice with his cigar- yet he does not even load it- either time . and somehow , without even aiming the canon , he knocks his 'friend ' off his horse . the movie is a failure . f-a-i-l-u-r-e. crappy . junky . just plain dumb . stupid . pathetic . i am not going to waste any more words on it . just....whatever you do....save your money . do n't buy it . it 's not worth 50 cents
cinema-wise , you know you 're witnessing the beginning of the end when the best hollywood can come up with is a sequel to a remake ( it ` s not often that two crimes of unoriginality are committed in a single film ) . but that is exactly what " cheaper by the dozen 2 " turns out to be - and the result , quality-wise , is pretty much what one would expect . this is one of those alleged family comedies in which the adults ( the male adults at any rate ) are infinitely more immature in their attitude and behavior than the children they are raising . steve martin returns as the prolific father of twelve who is beginning to sense that his children , as they are growing older , no longer want to spend quality time together as a family . to rectify the situation , he takes them all on a vacation to a favorite lake resort - a move that threatens to turn into a full-scale disaster when the bakers find themselves embroiled in a fierce competition with a neighboring family of snooty overachievers led by eugene levy , a patriarch who runs his brood with so much spit-and-polish regimentation that he makes captain von trapp look like a touchy-feely pushover in comparison . one might be tempted to call this a distended version of a " brady bunch " episode and leave it at that , but even that show , for all its lack of sophistication , did n't portray the father as a total and irredeemable doofus with serious developmental issues and the emotional maturity of a bratty six-year-old . besides the daddy-is-a-dope stereotype , all " cheaper by the dozen 2 " has to offer is lame slapstick , a silly pre-pubescent " romeo and juliet " subplot , and push-button scenes of emotional uplift in which a crescendo of swelling violins serves as the cue for the tears to start flowing . the drearily unoriginal screenplay comes replete with the requisite dog-humping incidents and poop jokes , and not one but two scenes of an elderly handicapped gentleman rolling off into the lake in a wheelchair . any more of these films and planned parenthood wo n't have to mount a fundraising drive for years to come
after reading the novel by jane yolen with my 7th grade classes , i was eager to view the film version . i had heard conflicting views of the film- it 's great , it 's horrible , etc . after viewing it for myself , i must agree with those who gave it negative reviews . however , despite its lack-luster performance , the film did serve a purpose in the classroom . true , the film leaves something to be desired . they change multiple plot points with no explanation other than to just change them . editing was not a driving force because they could have easily made small changes to keep the film focused for a teenage audience while maintaining the strength behind the story . rivka becomes her cousin and other characters are neglected completely . major events in the rising action are left out , thus leaving the movie drab and disappointing . overall , very few of my students liked the film adaptation of jane yolen 's novel , which they found so riveting . on a brighter side , because of so many differences , viewing the film after reading the novel provided an excellent opportunity for students to practice comparison/contrast writing through t-charts and venn diagrams . it also allowed them to perform some higher level thinking and questioning skills . after reading the novel and viewing the film , most of my students agreed that the book was much better- something a reading teacher loves to hear !
this is a " goody-goody " ronald reagan propaganda style film . by that i mean that it tries to portray the us as the good guys being hit by the bad ones . it does n't say what dirty role the us cia had in birthing the whole horrible genie of fundamentalis islam , how it set up , equipped and nurtured not only bin laden and his al-qaeda , but a whole bunch of other loathsome islamic terror outfits now stalking the globe - like the islamic brotherhood and the taliban for instance : all just to defeat the ussr , and gain access to hydrocarbon rich regions , to fuel the greedy american consumerist lifestyle which us citizens take so much for granted . i am not a " conspiracy theorist " ; these people are usually an absurd breed , going off at the other extreme tangent . i live in peshawar , the hotbed of cia mischief in the 1980s and 90s ( and even now ) , and the area where i live - the university town - housed all the actors on this stage : the us officials and spies , their clubs , the afghan " mujahideen " leaders ' houses , etc . etc.. . i grew up seeing all this going on literally next door , and so would like to apprise my american friends of the unpleasant truth . the national geographic and the reader 's digest magazines are two long established icons of us media culture that have served as the unofficial ( and therefore hard to suspect ) mouthpieces of some of the most outrageous us propaganda drives... never trust their political commentaries , although their articles about polar bears and planets can be very nice. .
personally , i ca n't see this movie for dust . in fact , i find it extremely annoying . the only video worse than this one is " monty python and the holy grail . " yecch ! napoleon dynamite , no offense to the actor , literally puts me to sleep . i do n't mind his friend pedro , and i also do n't mind his brother ( the dude with the glasses ) or his grandmother , or even his irksome uncle , but napoleon himself is as dull as dishwater . if they 'd only take his character out , i 'd probably enjoy this movie a little better .
i was disapointd in this show . it was mad and release by warners ( marvel 's biggest rival and dc 's parent company ) , this new take on the x-men had them behave like horny teenage doofuses,and do n't get me started on the crappy writing . just like x2 was not the x-men , this show was also the same . it was in name only , and speaking as the only loyal marvel fan here , that says i all
this movie is just not scary . i 'm a huge horror movie fan and this movie has no tension in it , no edge of your seat fear . i liked the sequel " devil 's rejects " , but that is n't much of a " horror " movie either ( unless you think " from dusk til dawn " is scary ) . " 1,000 corpses " is about as scary as " hostel " . it should never be mentioned in the same breath as " texas chainsaw " , because other than trying to look like a gritty 70 's horror flick , it has nothing in common with " chainsaw " . it has a few moments , but they are ruined by cartoon-like scenarios . still zombie has potential , his follow up " reject 's " was a definite improvement . i did n't hate it , it 's just not a scary horror movie . nothing new , no tension , but entertaining in some scenes , so i 'm giving it 2 stars
in essence , this is a texas chainsaw remake , but here 's the difference , and why it 's far inferior . i do n't care one iota for the " victims . " i can barely tell the females apart . the guys are so obnoxious , i look forward to them dying . unlike texas chainsaw ( parts one and two , horror masterpieces ! ) , this movie shows the " psycho family " ( hmmm... kind of like texas chainsaw ? ) far too much . a little goes a long way , too much ? overkill ! many plot holes , and take away the music , there was some really bad acting . it gets two stars for the cool middle inserts in funky film style , and also the one great sequence where the cops are killed . but in general , rob zombie should not get writing credit for this . it 's texas chainsaw massacre , only nowhere near as good
i hate to trash on an american classic... but this was truly horrible . i thought my son would like this due to the flying car . it took hours of torture to get to that scene . horrible , horrible film . mindless , drawn-out banter , and weak story line . our copy eventually broke ( stepped on ? ) --- we felt sooo lucky to have it gone . " one star " seems like a generous rating
okay , the script is not the most imaginative i 've ever seen , but i like the actors ( especially ben 's best man ) so i was friendly with this movie for the most part . i did n't even mind the obvious holes in the plot , such as...why do these characters not have credit cards or cell phones ? or at least , why do n't they use them ? oh no , much more plausible that ben will have to strip dance in a gay bar for $ 150 to buy a car to drive to nc . i did n't even mind the fact that the whole " we 're married and my husband 's a doctor . " charade was so predictable . oh gee , he 's pretending to be a doctor and he 's on a tour bus with a bunch of elderly people . d'ya think someone might have a heart attack and " dr. holmes " might have to step up ? and uh , they 're pretending to be married and oh ! surprise there 's the best man and maid of honor ! d'ya think they 're gon na get busted ? what killed it for me was that ridiculous ending . it was obviously supposed to be a surprise ( and it was ) but there seemed to be no other reason for it than to pull a fast one on the audience . i felt cheated . i spent the entire movie getting emotionally involved with the relationship between sarah and ben , and i really cared about how they would handle things with the fiance and sarah 's little boy and all that . i cheerfully became disengaged from the relationship between ben and bridget , i totally believed neither one of them was ready to get married or right for each other . the film spent an inordinate amount of time showing me they 're not right for each other and that this wedding was not meant to happen . right up to the last moment , we think he 's breaking it off with bridget . instead , what the heck let 's just go ahead and get married after all . huh ? he left sarah sitting out there waiting for him in a hurricane ! ! ! after making her promise that she would still be there when he got back . this man obviously does n't have a clue what he wants in life , and i 'm expected to believe they lived happily ever after ? not only that , but what does it teach us about taking this commitment seriously ? it teaches us that if our instinct is telling us " do n't do it ! " and our genitals are yearning for someone else and even mother nature seems to be working hard to prevent this marriage , aw heck go on ahead and do it anyway . it 's just marriage . it 's romantic ! you could get lucky and live happily ever after ! it 's been my experience , when things are n't feeling just right as you approach that wedding , turn and run . the last thing you should do is close your eyes , grab your balls and take the leap
there is a pattern in hollywood when it comes to drama/revenge films such as eye for an eye . it is an extremely simple pattern that is regenerated time and time again because audiences like to not be surprised . they are prepared for the bad guy to die at the end , whilst the victim or top-billed actor/actress comes out as the hero at the end . it is meant to give us a sense of security and comfort , but for this critic it is getting old . eye for an eye is a perfect example of film that falls deep within that tired genre of film . from the opening credits of this film , you could count the steps that each actor was going to make all the way to the very end . the pauses could be guessed , the lines could have been written the night before , and the acting was nothing short of mediocrity at its best . it was guaranteed that the actors would be overly dramatic , the violins would always shrill around kiefer , and there would be horrendously underdeveloped plotlines that would lead nowhere . this is your typical revenge film with no excitement , no frills , nothing that would make it stand out from the rest . the late director john schlesinger played it safe with one of his final films , which will promise to bore and completely not satisfy you to the bitter end . where did eye for an eye go wrong ? i do n't think i need to count all the ways for you , but some of the bigger issues that i had with this feature was the complete unknown of the characters . i have major issues with stories that escape realism to allow the main character to seem more dramatic . what was sally field 's job ? i know that is a small detail , but it better highlights my complaint that our central family ( the mccanns ) were not as developed as i would have liked to have seen . i had no clue her daughter had a stutter until two seconds before her death , yet it seemed to be a bigger key element as the film progressed . ed harris literally walked through his character , proving that field 's husband could have been played by a plastic bag and still seen the same level of emotion . the only character worth watching , and was developed briefly , was kiefer . he was 100 % evil in this film and it kept this film geek worth watching until the very end . yet , we did n't even know that much about him either ( which upset me ) . schlesinger obviously knew the story that he was about to tell with eye for an eye very well , the actors i believe even knew the story and they probably did n't even need to read the script , and the story played it safe from the beginning , but it was n't what i wanted to see . i expected film like this to come out during the 80s , not in 1996 . it was pathetic to see name actors like ed harris , sally field , phillip baker hall , keith david , and kiefer sutherland walk through this film like it was a fly in the pan . nothing stood out in this film , nothing made me want to rewatch the brutality of it , and nothing made me feel excited about these actors . this was a literal " nothing " film . it lent nothing to the cinematic world except ( and i stress this a bit ) another peg in a very tired genre known as the " revenge thriller " . after watching this film i said to my wife that i thought sally field was completely overdramatic throughout the course of it , overplaying the small parts and completely exploding the bigger elements , which made me think of a high school drama production . it was amateur at best , but she said that is why directors use sally , because she is known for being overly dramatic . this is a pure example of a good thing gone badly . sally saw success with it once , but as she continues it only creates bad cinema . there were times during sally 's bigger speeches that i found myself laughing . i could n't help myself , but her focus on certain words and clich    reaction to others just seemed cardboard instead of lifelike . the same could be said for ed harris who obviously has discovered that he does n't have to play the outlaying father any further in films . he was completely wasted in this film . was there any emotion with him ? i did n't see any . then there was the pitiful contribution by hall and david that begin with intrigue , but were dropped faster than a big ole sack of potatoes . also , did mantegna take a class on how to be a one-dimensional clich    ? urg , his portrayal of the police office was a disgrace to those that genuinely play one-dimensional police officers . again , the only actor worth watching was kiefer because he not only spoke with evil , but demonstrated that he was capable of anything vile . it was his sole performance that made this film decent to watch to the end . if i have to talk about the story i think i am just going to go mad myself . field over dramatized the entire film , thus creating uncertainty amongst the viewer . did kiefer get a bad image because he was bad or because field wanted to see him as evil ? that could have been a great avenue for this film to travel , but alas , ole safe schlesinger did n't take us down that darker path . i needed more to develop what hall and david were doing at the support groups , but it seemed like that story was dropped rather quickly as the ending needed to be wrapped up gently in a comfort blanket for viewers . this was yet another dark avenue that was not explored . i felt as if i saw these dark avenues with the director and the cast , yet we chose to stay on the lighted path . that , coupled with the poor acting , just created a film that did n't catch my attention and fully contributed nothing to the cinematic world . overall , in case it was n't obvious , this was n't a good movie at all . in fact , i could go through the rest of my life without thinking of this movie again . i thought only horror movies had the stated scream rules and somehow could stick to the same tired pattern over and over again , but with eye for an eye it became obvious that it the " revenge thrill " fell into that same pattern . the only trouble is that horror films actually have fun with that repetitive structure , this film did not . sally field was horrible and should really consider a strong independent film to bring her back to the spotlight , while everyone else was forgettable . the only fun part was watching jack bauer play the epitome of evil . watch this film for kiefer , but nothing else . skip it ! grade : * out of * * * *
this is a surprisingly poor movie . although it has some well-known actors , and a notable director , the material was just presented badly and predictably - like a lousy late night tv-movie with profanity inserted to liven it up . the movie makes a simplified joke of the legal system and its sterotypical failings ( though legitimate in many cases ) . it also glosses over the grieving process of the family , ignores the normal safety warnings to the remaining child , overdoes kiefer sutherland 's character flaws ( which are considerable nevertheless ) , and generally oversimplifies everything into a neat package to which you already know the ending because of the spoiler title . in one particularly-bad scene , after taking martial arts classes and other measures to prepare herself mentally and physically , sally 's character simply stares open-mouthed and dumbfounded at keifer 's character when they meet on the street and he talks to her . i do n't know what i missed that the 4- and 5-star reviewers like so much . i only see wide-spread mediocrity . i would only recommend this for fans of keifer . " ssssssorry " , sally , not your best role or movie . ditto ed harris , whose other movies i generally like .
subtitled guy 's mom is sick . the guy is also depressed . meets a ex-hustler on beach . they kiss , fight , make-up , over and over . ( most of the movie ) they break up . boy meets hustler 's ex and they play with dog on beach . the end
i saw this one in the theater after a friend of a friend convinced me to see it with him ( he was seeing it for a second time . ) after the first ten minutes , i wanted to leave . if you like formulaic and predictable movies that attempt to convince dumb american youth from small , hick towns that they actually have a future beyond their local wal-mart or becoming mince-meat in iraq , then this movie is for you ! however , if you like movies that actually challenge you to think , do n't waste your time with this one
this terrible movie has singing ! bad singing , and lots of it ! overacted , trite , and boring ! all those good reviews , i thought it would be campy and cool , but it 's not !
i absolutely abhor this film . want to know why ? because it labled 'valley of the dolls ' and everything jacqueline susann ever wrote into 'great campy fun' . now i do n't know this for certain , but i do n't think jacqueline susann wanted people to see her books as cheesy comedies . i think she wanted people to take her work seriously , and with this awfully made film , no one did . to others , the film might be so bad it 's funny , but to devoted fans of the book it 's just depressing . the movie was made in 1967 , a year after the book was published and you can see that jacqueline susann was ahead of her time , because the film is poorly adapted and very censored . you know you have a problem when the book would receive an r rating if transferred onto the screen , but the movie is only rated pg . besides the sex scenes , language , pill popping and other thematic elements that are left out , important details to the plot are also missing . anne 's hatred of lawrenceville , helen lawson 's screen time , jennifer 's complicated and somewhat absuive relationship with tony , allen and gino cooper , henry 's character development , jennifer 's relationship with the senator ( and the reason she committs suicide ) , the tragic ending , etc are all either missing or are shortened down . i do n't care if the movie would have been almost three hours long , i think if they had stuck close enough to the book , then everything would have been fine . what a shame . and please do n't mention the casting of actors . save for patty duke , i thought everyone else did a horrible job . some of the actors did n't even look the physical part ( in the book anne is actually a blonde , helen lawson has dark hair and jennifer is curvy ) . the thing that really gets me though is why has this film never been remade ? it 's almost forty years later , and i think that this story definately deserves to be given justice and have a proper film adaptation . how about kate bosworth as anne welles , scarlett johansson as jennifer north , keira knightly as neely o'hara , joaquin phoenix as lyon burke , and liza minnelli as helen lawson ? well i doubt that will ever happen , so in the meantime i recommend reading the book instead , and taking it seriously the way jacqueline susann had intended it to be
nicky cage was not very good in this cinematic decomplishment , as he turns in a horrible acting job in this dull and boring movi
then why not take some responsibility as a parent and encourage the kids to sing something else ? the songs are fairly cloying adaptations of the originals , which arguably were n't that bad ( " what a girl wants " and " get this party started " were fairly tame to begin with ) . just encourage the little ones to listen to classical music if you fear the outside world will corrupt their minds
this is an intriguing movie that compels the viewer to search for the film 's deeping meaning . i am sure that i missed much of that meaning . however , one aspect of it is painful clear . the crux of this movie centers on the premise that seemingly innocent women can be sexually exploited and over time they were come to accept and thrive on that exploitation . i found that premise disturbing and unrealistic . also , it left me with the fear that women hating men could use that premise to justify their abuse of the opposite sex . if so , this movie could contribute , in a small way , to the perpetuation of the subjugation of women or at least the fantasy thereof . watch this movie if you must , but be critical of its assumptions about male/female relationships .
simply put : the movie is boring . clich    upon clich    is confirmed and story lines never come together . it seems as if the director was unsure whether to make a movie or a documentary . the main plot is very thin ( a cia agent is ordered to kill an oil prince , gets caught and then warns the prince ( why ? ) ) and therefore some elements were added to make the movie more interesting . so , a kid dies , which results in the " natural " response of the father : freely advising the person indirectly responsible for his son 's death . the lawyer has a drunk " friend " and keeps him around , why , no one knows . some kids become suicide terrorists and blow up a ship . all in all , this is one of the worst movies i have seen in quite a while . i was neither entertained nor intellectually challenged . i neither laughed nor cried , i did not gain an understanding nor was i compelled to learn more or take up a cause . it meant nothing to me , which in my eyes is the worst one can say about a movie . save your money , save your time , choose another movie .
the premise - that one could change specific events in ones ' past through psychic concentration - could have been the foundation for a fascinating thriller . i do n't condemn the film 's corollary either : that each change produces new , unforseeable tragedies . it 's the way the story is told - its ham-fisted dialogue and plot , its forced obscenity at every turn - that reveals its teen sensibilities . it is therefore fitting that the director 's preferred ending is included here . it is the perfect catharsis for teens who " ...wish i was never born !
you only need to read the book by whitley strieber to know how truly disappointing this movie is .
since we know there is another version of " burn " out there,i would suggest you wait for it and check rotten tomatoes.com and get an idea of its quality.you can not judge the quality of this film by the pan and scan,poorly coordinated color transfer that sony has issued.brando told larry king it was his favorite film ; not if he saw this package
read the amazon editorial review , they are tiptoeing around saying this movie does n't really work . modern language , ideas , and sensibilities make the whole thing feel like a contrived stage play . and it seems to be mostly on stage sets ... there is n't much of venice in here , so do n't rent it for that reason . ( notice i said rent ... )  the script is weak . the setup for the lead character 's transition to life as a courtesan is abbreviated and unconvincing . there are too many horrible moments for this to be romantic . the story has so much more potential . the only reason to see this movie is to check out catherine mccormack . rufus sewell is always good as well . otherwise the casting is absurd . fred ward and oliver platt stand out as being miscast . jacqueline bisset fails to persuade here
there is a certain new-fangled school of screenwriting that thinks that if you put a bunch of characters on screen and have them make no sense of one another but sound as if theyre being profound , then they are . the prime example of this in recent years is the abominable " crash " , but at least that was ( somewhat ) assuaged by strong performances . this -- arguably the worst " mainstream " motion picture of 2005 -- is redeemed by nothing . an excruciatingly long 2 hours , and as much as i ( usually ) enjoy george clooney , i might never forgive him for this drek
just rented this dvd and was quite surprised . normally , i 'm a big george clooney and matt damon fan . however , in this film , their talents were underutilized and did not make up for the poor script , editing , and direction which made this film quite dull to watch . while the idea behind the movie is good , it could have been more entertaing , dramatic , or suspensful . as another reviewer remarked , i was quite tempted to shut it off after 45 minutes and watch something else . but , i did suffer through to the end , where the film just sort of ends and leaves viewers hanging. .
this is billed as a thriller but there are hardly any thrills . it would have benefitted from some judicious cutting to make it a little leaner . the shaky camera work detracts from some decent scenery . the politics of the film contain no subtlety or shades of gray ; i can almost see a couple of college sophomores hitting the bong and sitting down to hash out the script :  bong-hitting liberal student who has no clue about the real world # 1 : ...and then she discovers the evil corporation has been testing.. . bhlswhncatrw # 2 : ( interrupts ) " evil corporation " ? why are you being redundant ? the only plus for my wife and i was the acting , which was great . fiennes was especially good , underplaying his character in the early parts of the film , resulting in a character with depth and nuance . i only wish the rest of the film was worthy of the performances contained within it
in the early 1990 's this movie was definitely made for that era . just look at the clothing and hair . high top fades etc . graffiti bridge was definitely unique . it should have been released on cable t.v . instead of the theater . it was more of a musical then a actual movie . prince somehow has his own ways of doing things in his own world . and he may not care about record sales or what people think of what he puts out , but it makes even the most loyal fans question what he is doing . the talent he has is amazing but he 's become just a mediocur artist . this lack luster film may be remembered a hundred years from now . but as of now it 's just what you call a get up and walk out film . i 'm a prince fanatic , a die hard fan , but man the potential this guy has to be a mega star of our time he fails to meet . you haft to make people believe in you and really reach them and relate . if only prince could relate to what people are feeling now and what they want . prince somehow fell behind because the youth of this generation moved on while he stayed stagnet . i think he shut the world out and it just went on turning . record sales may not matter to him , but fans you must keep loyal . graffiti bridge is a film in my collection and i just look at it as my collection but nothing more . it 's a film that makes you think . it 's spiritual and there are some warm moments . now purple rain is something not to be missed . i recommend that one . enjoy
oh man , this is really ( ... ) ! ! ! i rent this dvd,i really , really glad , i rented it did n't buy this crap ! i thought this series of ghost stories come from j-horrors . would be real shocking and scary,gory . that 's what u expected from j-horror ! ! ..it was looks like our twilligt zone series was made for tv have silly special effects..kind of slow pasted stories little silly suspense here and there..just lame ! was n't scary at all ! . . definitely skip this , it just wasting time and money , i was wondering another review from " thom " did he really saw this movie or someone told him about it ? ..he gave this movie 5 stars ? ? ? ? ? lol ! ! u trippin dude ! ! .b
i purchased this dvd a while ago - fyi - a documentary of the anaconda was in the case and not the movie . i went to the web site to complain and my profile could not be found . here , years later , when i 'm finally placing another through amazon they found my account and noted that i purchased meet john doe . i guess it 's a little late to complain now
i recently purchased this dvd and was beyond disappointed with it . i actually ended up fast forwarding just to get through it . i expected a true documentary with maybe a few interviews with people who were there , with the firemen , or anyone at all but the video is mostly silent . i can hear the fire fighters radios but most of it is so staticky it 's hard to make out . the film has a few comments by the person taping it but that 's it . the film also pretty much stays focused on just a couple of areas of rubble . i found nothing at all in this film that brought any emotion to me other than boredom . i own several other documentaries that i watch over and over as i do n't want to forget the feelings i felt on 911 but this film is lacking greatly in bringing any kind of human element to this horror that was inflicted on our country . this dvd was a huge waste of both my time and money .
like other reviewers , i found meetthe parents mildly amusing and this sequel was in the 3 for $ 25 bin at hollywood so i figured " why not ? " well here 's why not . it presents the main character 's parents as crude , clueless buffoons , and having no social judgement whatsoever , but it seems the writers want the audience to think of them as cool and hip . and for some odd reason they live in a house that resembles the castle on fantasy island . i 'm surprised they did n't include a sex with a midget scene . nobody would want their daughter to marry into this family let alone a right wing former cia agent , who was set up as an object of ridicule . oh , and they had to be jewish too . streisand and hoffman should be ashamed of themselves portraying their own people in such an unflattering way . { " our people do n't shoot ducks , dear " ) do former cia agents make enough money to live in mansions and buy a custom built rv that would cost at least $ 250 k ? the toilet humor and profanity would n't have made it into " dumb and dumber " nothing reedeming or funny here . fuhgeddaboutit
i 'll cut to the meta-chase since plot and story have already been well outlined in previous reviews.. . the basic message of this film seems to be that state controlled " education " is worthy of resurrection and total dictatorship is the way to achieve it . though the latter point is probably true , the former is questionable indeed . why try and save an obviously moribund and mindless system of government indoctrination from its own demise ? do n't blame the kids , you have only to look at the state of the world to see the utter failure that so-called educated people have already created everywhere , with world fascism now its ultimate fruitage , and the kids at some level know it...clearly we urgently need a new vision of education altogether , but this film only asks us to glorify what has already died.. .
yes , this is a supernatural psycological thriller... but far from a good one as far as i 'm concerned . i love these kinds of stories and i went to see this film with a lot of excitement... first because it has a interesting subject . second because it has a great actor . i thought denzel washington would never associate himself with a bad script... but i was wrong . but denzel is always top notch . the rest is n't . by now you already know the story . a good detective... a killer who happens to me a demon who happens to pass from person to person just by touch... the hunt... blah blah blah... . the script is idiot from page one . the killer ( as we will see as the story develops ) travels by simple touch . so... excuse me... why does n't the killer passes to a guard as he is going to be executed ? ? ? i mean.. . the guy is sooo powerful ( and mobile ) that i find it unbelievable that he gets to be executed in the first place . but... ok... let 's give the screenwriters a break . somewhere in the middle of the film , the demon enters a cat . ok... so he can enter all kinds of animals . fine . later on , the main character learns that in order to defeat the demon , he must kill his body in a place where there is nobody around . his brilliant idea : the forest . full of animals . was i the only one who did not know the ending before it came ? ? ? ? want more ? in an interesting twist , the protagonist kills an innocent man and later on... his own brother . and no one will believe the truth ! how is he gon na get out of such a mess ? ? ? in the world of storytelling , there are only two ways of getting out of such an impossibly difficult situation : either the screenwriter is brilliant and finds a believable way to save his character from the master mess built by the screenwriter himself - so he should know ! ( and then we get some sort of positive ending despite everything... ) or something deep inside the protagonist fails and he loses the battle against evil ( despite the fact that there was a way out ) . first line of solution : die hard , the fugitive . second line of solution : s7ven , chinatown . we have none of that here . instead we have an evil god against a simple man ( great starter for drama , right ? ) ...but the man gets weaker and weaker and weaker... and the demon gets stronger and stronger... to the point where we get the fact that the demon is invincible long before he actually wins . and the great turnaround never comes . obviously we all hope he will be defeated... and that 's why i kept myself seated all through the film... because if there was a way out... it would be brilliant . if the character dropped the towel... it would be thought provoking to say the least . but no... the ending was easy and predictable . the screenwriter could not achieve one of the two possible lines of solutions . he wrote the first thing that came to his mind and hid himself under " the story ends bad " label . without any depth . every villain has a weak point . it is up to the hero to explore it ( may he loose or win ) . the only problem the hero faces here is a stupid lack of data . we have the data the moment the demon enters a cat . that 's why we know how 's gon na end . what about the girl who helps denzel ? what about his nephew ? should n't they be part of the ending too ? do n't come with the " this is an open-ending " kind of talk ! do i sense a smell of desire for a sequel ? quick ! gas masks ! ! ! ! or... as a.c.doyle would write : " quick , dr. watson , the needle ! "  despite a stupid screenplay . denzel is always great .
sit down under a tree , give it a big hug , fire up you bong and go to sleep . that 's what i was waiting for freeman to do all movie . it 's a shame that special effects that were so ground breaking were waisted on this sci-fi hippie flick . i 'm surprised that freeman 's suit was n't tie-dyed . keep your money say no to drugs !
i bought this thinking that this would be fun and a decent workout , i tried it a few times but just couldnt get in to it . it go 's a bit fast but i know i could get used to it , but they have very big steps and they lung into it and i think it would be better if they work up to it i kept finding myself rewinding it to do the step corretly i dont realy strive for perfection i just want to do it some what right . there are better ones out there than this , but i think i am going to try it again cuz it wasnt so bad that i am going to quit it
i saw this movie for the first time , and i found out that it is very very violent . and i laughed at some good parts , but the scene where amy hits the wildlife keeper on the head with a frying pan for trying to cut the baby geese 's wing is not what you want your kids to see . i think that this movie should be taken off the market , but this type of film has no place in the lives of young children .
the dvd is really a deception . all the experts invited are the ones that support gnostic theory . i was hoping that i can see a balanced view related to this subject . instead , i only see the point of view of the pro dan brown 's experts . i think we should invite the famous evangelists , theologists , and scholars from the protestant , cathodic and liberal to discuss the issue . the dvd does not even discuss why the gnostic theory was rejected in the first century .
sat down and saw this one on televion . only good service was that now i know buying the dvd would be a waste of money . what was actually achieved by the british is portrayed as an american achievement . slanders the u-boat men portraying them as heartless marauders . other than allied propoganda pieces , there are no incidents of u-boats machinegunning people in lifeboats . the movie itself i have little respect . basicly plotless and unrealistic . action scenes unbelievable . characters two dimensional . this film awful .
period dramas are , by definition , delicate commodities : they 're balanced on that , ahem , " razor 's edge " between high brow and just plain fussiness . i think " howard 's end " is a case of a robust novel buried in tea time and english lace . milliners , set designers and helena bonham carter 's hair stylist had their job cut out for them on this one
the movie is good except this version has been editted and cut out sceens , very disapointtin
this is not a good movie ! bad acting , story , and picture ! i was hoping this would be the first anime of the 8man after dvd i had but alass it was not . pass on this one unless u have 2 have it
i really enjoy both nathan lane & matthew brodderick . i 'm a marginal fan of will ferrell ( in this movie , i thought he was * way * over the top ) . and it seems , nothing in this movie/musical really gels . i knew nathan lane sings really well , and was actually pleasantly surprised at matthew brodericks singing voice . not pitchy at all - good voice . but the plot was lame & slow . the songs did n't flow well . and , i belived it was too much " stage " and not enough of a movie . and , i did n't really find it that " dark " ( even though that 's how this movie was advertised ) . mild satire maybe , but nothing near dark . it 's more accurately described as bland ! frankly , nothing in it worked for me . it was a big disappointment . if you 're * really * into musicals , then you might like it just for the singing - that 's the only reason i stuck with it for the first 45 minutes . maybe my grandparents would like it.. . i do n't know . i 'm somewhat confused by the positive reviews here . but i just had to shut it off - there was nothing advancing the plot or the characters , so i just did n't care how it ended . 1 star for the plot , 1.5 stars for the screenplay , 2 stars for the singing
the biggest draw for me in anime is an engaging plotline that really makes you think in new directions . witch hunter robin was recommended to me by a fellow lover of the more serious type of anime . i did n't like it ; i found the plotline to be predictable and forced with a 'so-that 's-it ? ' ending i hated . the animation is top quality with lots of dark tones and the music is appropriately spooky . good visuals do n't make up for bad story though . this serious drama geared is towards adults , and not children . if you like dramatic build-up that delivers , humor , or romantic comedy give this a pass
hi folks ,  do n't get your pants in a bunch at the low review...its not for the movie..its for the appallingly bad dvd . grainy and soft...i ca n't believe they could n't produce a finer representation of a multi award winning and in general beloved piece of work by all concerned . this is n't even vhs quality...but then artisan is n't known for quality.. . its cheap enough to get anyway and throw away when a real quality version is released .
i made the mistake of watching it after seeing how many stars ( 4 ) it received from other viewers . the plot was butchered , the characters twisted , the story ruined , a pure agony . marilla is fat and ugly . was n't it supposed to be rachel lynde 's character ? matthew is sly and conniving and very outspoken . what happened to endearing shy matthew ? rachel lynde had been merged with mrs. barry , dianna 's mother , and hence mrs. rachel barry ( oh brother ) . dianna is a petit blond and not a dimpled raven black haired damsel , who gets married behind the scenes without her bosom friend who was sent to queens at 18 as a punishment . anne and gilbert are secret lovers brutally separated by marilla who is crossed with gilbert 's father for stealing matthew 's sweetheart many years ago . get the picture ? this movie has no merits as related to the book . it might have some as a stand-alone creation but i have n't found any . i wasted nearly an hour and a half of my life and was bitterly disappointed , irritated and nauseated . the creators of this movie were definitely not kindred spirits ! do yourself a favor , if you really like the anne books do n't watch this movie . oh , and i do wish peter jackson ( lord of the rings ) will fall in love with the books and make proper and accurate movies out of them . do you hear me peter ?
i 'll be right up front and admit that i do not own this dvd . i hesitated writing a review for it because of that fact . but then i realized that if you 're reviewing a dvd , 90 % of the review must be based on the movie itself , and having saw the movie when it was released , and having seen it again on the various cable channels , i felt i could write a respectable reveiw . frankly , the movie barely approaches a " b-movie " status . it 's only claim to fame is that it was the first major hollywood motion picture that did not portray homosexuals in a bad light . the plot is rather unbelievable , naming the fact that all three main characters are leaders in their field.... successful author , high-ranking network producer , top-rate doctor . nobody has a profession , or is in a position , with which the audience can relate . the dialog is forced and , at times , rather cliche . acting is acceptable , though supporting cast members are rather amateurish . direction is functional , at best . one glaring problem is the tendency for the movie to suddenly switch from drama to documentary . after or before key scenes , the camera cuts to a monologue from one of the main characters . the effect is startling , does n't advance the story , and only serves to distract the viewers and lessen the already-weak emotional impact of the film . to its credit , the actors did whole-heartedly portray gay characters and gay love scenes . at the time , gay characters were never portrayed in a positive light from the media , and it was a great risk to do so here . there were no previous movie experiences of this topic that the director and actors were able to draw on , and they did the best they could . it was a very ambitious project and was supposed to be ground-breaking and revolutionary , but the weaknesses in the film never raised it high enough to truly make much of a difference in society . this is absolutely proven by the fact that brokeback mountain , released about two decades later , had to work very hard to break the same stereotypes that making love previously attempted to break . the difference is that brokeback mountain was a true work of art impeccable in its execution and actually broke ground and stereotypes , and making love all but disappeared in the annals of time . if you 're a collector of good film , this really would n't be part of your collection . to add into a collection of films showing early portrayals of homosexuals and homosexual relationships , it would be very appropriate . sadly , it really is good for only that one reason , as part of a collection of gay films throughout the years
this series might be considered a classic if watched by a 12-year-old , but adults will see though the indistinct plot and characters . most of the plot 's famous " unpleasantness " is just tacked on to the main story , and is of no significance . apart from putting several of the characters though lots of physical abuses , nothing much gets accomplished thought the series . the main female character clocks about 100 words of dialog across the entire series , so do n't bother waiting for any meaningful information from her . the male lead has the typical task of pointing out all the flaws in the alternate world he 's been transported to , inbetween having the stuffing beaten out of him . the most arbitrary abuses are handed out to a young woman , who 's included in the story for no reason except to be abused- you can almost hear the writers saying , " i got it ! let 's rape a little girl , that 'll make it real ! yeah , yeah , i like it ! " having served her purpose , the character then vanishes until being plopped back in near the end of the series , so a little more misery can be dumped on her . all the characters suffer from lack of depth and motivation . the releative standout would be the villian , who suffers from bipolarism , and alternates between terror , anger , delight , and misery , somtimes all within the same scene . too bad that was about all he did in the show . well , that 's about enough . if you have an appetite for " kid saves alternate universe " themed anime , then you may like this . but i found it lifeless and massively overrated
alexander is portrayed as a neurotic and tortured individual who is shoved into power and conquest by his mother and turned into a monster by lust for authority . the character in this movie appears to have very little in common with the ambitious and thoughtful young man described by aristotle . watching this movie you get the feeling that alexander and his men were a gang of sexually confused young boys who conquered the ancient world pretty much by accident . there is far too much emphasis here on the non-essential , and every conflict in this story is a contrived account of alexander 's strained relationships with his mother , father , friends and his own identity . if you 're looking for a narrative on the epic story of the most important figure of ancient greece , look elsewhere . this is the story of insignificant things in the life of a man who happened to be significant .
how do you spell 'sucks ' ? easy - a-l-e-x-a-n-d-e-r ! i loved stone 's jfk , but this.. . words fail me , but i 'll try to find a few . okay , the pros ? angelina jolie . i 've never been a big fan of hers , but , boy , was she the hottest woman alive in this movie ! more pros ? hmmm . certainly not the action sequences which were muddled and hard to follow . certainly not the weird irish accents the lead characters adopted . certainly not the story . this is just one of those films you believe can be so bad and that something cool is gon na happen the instant you hit the off button , so it stays your finger . my advice ? hit that button ! and i wo n't even mention the blonde wig !
great movie . the problem is in the medium of delivery . there are 2 dvds in the package . each dvd contains approximately 1/2 of the movie . the audience/customer would be better served if the entire movie was on one dvd . in addition , the 2nd dvd is defective . the scene where alexander 's father is assasinated consists of some normal footage , many lengthy 'still ' pictures , no picture at all for a period of time , and a short period that looked like satelite feed was breaking -- all on a dvd that 's supposed to be flawless
the first half hour of this 90 minute movie is actually quite good . in fact , it is enthralling and has an interesting twist in that we do n't know the real fact behind whether a young woman was violated by her boyfriend while unconscious . according to the rumor ( the rumor being a school experiment conducted by three roommates ) she was , however , but we the audience do n't know that . however , the young woman is quick to think she has been raped . why there is no attempt at a physical exam , is unexplained , especially since the young woman involved has the reputation of being a professional virgin , however it turns out she is n't , so that 's why the movie lasts longer than 30 minutes . fortunately , we 're not dealing with unwanted pregnancies , either , so this does n't turn into a soap opera . however , we do have the dreamboat " hero " who dreams up the rumor about her being raped , and who exhibits unlikeable traits throughout . but that 's true of the three leads - the roommates are all unlikeable , being insufferably full of themselves . the last half of the film , 'dreamboat ' takes the turn as lead character , and it 's his story we 're following , whereas his female roommate had the first half of the film , and basically it 's her introduction to the audience of all the characters . turns out 'dreamboat ' and the young woman victim have a history together ; which means issues they have to work out , and everyone else ( in a way , the entire student body and its faculty and local law enforcement ) is sucked into their story and mutual thirst for truth , though the characters do n't have the same truth in mind - it 's about vengeance ; not justice . and vengeance when it 's not the comic book variety , is n't fun for an audience , it 's just distasteful . in other words , the man and woman should have been shut up together in a room so they could have worked it out for themselves , and left the rest of us alone . so from a brilliant first half-hour - and btw how does the roommate penniless art student have the dollars for all that tech equipment ? - we degenerate into a constantly weaving pattern of lies and deceptions that seems more pointless than clever . there is merely too much story , so it becomes ridiculous . a basically good premise is ruined . if you are a fan of any of the stars involved , it might be worth viewing , if only once , but the film as a whole will probably leave a vile taste in your mouth . perhaps that 's the ultimate message on a film about the dangers of spreading gossip , or in this case deliberate lies , is that what goes around comes around , and also it will leave you feeling sick to your stomach . i almost recommend you watch the first 30-45 min then quit midway , but anyone will watch all the way thru at least once , just to be sure where this is headed
this movie is one of the 3 ~ worst ~ movies i 've ever seen . these 98 minutes seemed more like 6 hours . and for chrissake - he 's not an american
this tepid,disappointing sequel is far better than beyond the re-animator but dose n't equal a good sequel to the excellent original . dr.herbert west and his friend dan re-animate dead bodies and when dan 's girlfriend is dying she is re-animated just like bride of frankenstein . the gore effects are good including the crawling eyeball but the movie becomes tedious and more predictable as it goes along . the new director brian yuzna does a good job taking over stuart gordon but this movie fails to entertain and make watchable that this looks like a sci/fi channel movie that would debut on tv and the movie is just disappointing compared to the first with a new cast ( except jeffrey combs and bruce abbott ) ,lower production values and lower budget,and tepid to atrocious acting . if you seen the first your not missing much but for some reason you can recommend this instead of beyond the re-animator .
there is one thing i finally grasped upon watching 'the 40 year old virgin ' , however . i came to the realization that hollywood has to remake movies now over and over and over again because the films that try to be unique ( 'the 40 year old virgin ' ) are so awful that studio heads need to go elsewhere for their ideas . of course , they 're laughing all the way to the bank because the brain dead inside and outside of the continental united states will be for , and laugh at , anything . this film is popular because steve carrell makes the same faces and has the same delivery that he did/does on 'the office ' , and people just love those mannerisms ( ricky gervals is better in the same role , by the way...but that 's neither here nor there ) . it certainly could n't be because it 's funny . the general concept of a 40 year old virgin has promise . that concept added with the most boiled down middle school potty jokes is not . that concept added to a girl who wants to take him home but is too drunk to drive , yet she does it anyway and runs into dozens of objects is not . that concept added with a cross eyed asian woman waxing his hairy chest while they show extreme close up 's of carrells large nose as he screams vulgarities into the lens is not . that concept added with 60 year old middle eastern salesmen using every sexual metaphor out loud is not . you get the drift . maybe the boat left and i was n't on the boat . maybe i 'm not 12 years old anymore and am amused by jokes you used to hear outside at recess playing tether ball and eating chocodiles . if you like juvenile humor , watch something like 'better off dead ' or 'caddyshack' . watch a movie that does n't have to try so hard to write something vulgar to get a laugh . sincerely ,  bill cosb
one of the most overrated comedy shows ever . basically the calibre of a high school talent show . in a way it reminds me of tom goes to the mayor , seemingly fitting into a comedy niche i do n't understand which is more about being weird than being clever , but it seems like it 's even more about being dull than being weird . i 've heard improv described as being not about trying to think of something funny to say but just saying whatever comes into your head . i think these guys took that a bit too much to heart . maybe the fans see some subtle naunces i 'm missing , but to me it seems like i could have written most of this material with little effort .
this movie would get 5 stars if it were not carressing with one hand - portraying the gospel of john beautifully through the movie - and slapping yahushua/jesus and serious scholars in the face with the other hand . the so-called " scholarly " comments , for example about how the gospel was written 200 years after the events , are by and large intellectually dishonest and quite simply inaccurate . even the lowliest of bible scholars , if honest , will realize this . it is very sad to see people making a buck off the bible , while trying to tear it down at the same time . the worst examples of scripture put downs are in the 3rd dvd . i gave the movie to a relative without that add on
..i recently purchased the first " house " movie , i remember watching it as a kid , it was apparently alot scarier during my adolesence , anyways the second one came with it for free , and i must say it was garbage , i did not have the patience to sit thru this crap , i now use this dvd disc as a cup coaster.peace
i was a fan of house ( the first of the series ) and so purchased the combo dvd set of house and house 2 . i watched both movies with a friend recently and we decided that while house is pretty good , house 2 is definitely the kind of movie you waste an hour and a half on . it is really quite dumb , but some of the creatures ( i.e . " catter-dog " as i like to call him ) are kind of fun to see . i would suggest skipping the second house unless you just want to watch a movie to see how dumb a sequel can really be ; -
the beginning is very well done , then the only interesting parts are the cat-and-mouse between jude law and ed harris . the rest of the film is bad , i 'd say . luckily , i recorded it from tv . it is now erased . ( by the way , one of the amazon reviewers who also disliked the film wrote that bob hoskins is american . he 's from england .
this was the most obnoxious time waster i have ever witnessed . i kept waiting for the monty python troup to show up . the acting was horrid . what was with the rocks and urinating on the door ? ? i found myself rooting for grendel . of the 33 people in the theater , 10 got up and left half way through . this was a story of great heros , not neurotic children . too bad gerard butler 's career has come to this . i hope the beowulf saga ends here and no attempt is made to do a sequel as discussed in the director interview . i would have been ashamed to put my name on this piece of work
for a topic this edgy , this is an incredibly dull film . the actors are good enough , mind you . but they can only do so much , because the real problem with this film is the script . for the first twenty minutes or so of screen time , the viewer is led through a series of confusing and rather disconnected scenes involving the perpetually discontented natalie and the nice young man who turns out to be her younger brother . ( you * might * not pick up on that fact at first , since there are minimal references to it in the first third of the film--certainly the two * look * nothing alike . ) finally the main part of the plot begins , with natalie just as discontented , despite being married to a wealthy and quirky-but-ultimately-nice guy ( alan rickman , for whose sake i watched this film at all--not worth it ) , and with her brother seemingly happy with his life , but somehow still willing to be drawn into a sexual relationship with his sister . from that point , things spiral--no , that 's too dynamic a word to describe it-- * mosey * out of control , with the fickle sister trying to break off the affair , the poor brother ( the only particularly sympathetic character in the film ) becoming obsessed with the relationship , and the worried hubby 's suspicions growing ( although not in the right direction ) . there 's so much here that * could * have been fascinating and compelling , but is n't , on any level . the plot just wanders aimlessly through an only semi-believable situation , scattering out the occasional pebble of human misery with its slogging feet . this video seems to have disappeared from most rental shops--mercifully for the public--but i certainly would n't recommend resorting to buying it .
i was n't impressed by this film . first of all , i could never " buy " that saskia reeves and clive owen were a brother and sister . nothing in their mannerisms or physical appearances would lead you to believe that they are related . nor does the backstory provided by the film give any credibility to their supposed brother-sister relationship . they might as well have been unrelated lovers having a difficult relationship due to their massive immaturity and character problems , because that 's how the relationship came across . personally , outside of the button-pushing topic of incest , i found this movie dull and sometimes tawdry . clive owen looked and acted like a low-grade truculent lawrence harvey , and saskia reeves was simply annoying ( like her character , a weak , hopeless drifter from job to job and man to man . ) the only actors who showed any real feeling were alan rickman as the husband , and karl johnson as clive owen 's aids-stricken boss . karl johnson has the best scene in the film : he goes to a meeting with sores around his mouth and in a wheelchair , obviously suffering from aids , and this very fact intimidates the guy he 's gone to meet . the man keeps trying to subtly jerk his uneaten lunch away from any contact with the karl johnson character , and in the end karl johnson seizes the guy 's sandwich and bites it , then offers the other guy a bite , pushing the sandwich into his face , basically...it 's a scene that crackles with his anger & pain at being trapped by this illness , which is going to kill him , while this corrupt and self-important man is able to function normally . but aside from that wake-up call , the film dragged , and by the time clive owen 's character was shouting in the climatic scene his realization that he 's been used by his " sister " to inflate her sense of self-importance , i was long gone , with my head nodding . much ado about nothing , frankly . one star for the soundtrack ; one star for the performances of alan rickman ( what little he has to work with , he shines ) and karl johnson . die-hard clive owen fans such as myself ; eeeh , pass on this .
this dvd is quite expensive but yields little to justify the cost . the film lacks any real drama and becomes terribly boring after the first ten or so minutes . the acting is hopeless...really , really bad ! although there are many " soldiers " involved in the battle scenes , it 's all pretty unconvincing , considering the carnage of the real conflict . in all honesty , as much as i enjoy movies of the civil war , i 'd like to return this for a refund . alas , that 's a prospect that has,indeed , gone with the wind . thumbs down to this one
stick with ted turners " gettysburg " , what can i honestly say about this work of fluff . nothing
first off , i am a huge pixar fan . in november in '95 i took my company to see toy story and within 6 months of that showing i got rid of most of the employees that did n't like the film . i 've seen every pixar film at least 5o times . nuff said . anyway , i liked the film cars.. but not as much as other pixar flicks.. its still good. . however , the dvd is underwhelming : a ) no commentary b ) horrible deleted scenes c ) not much in extras . the route 66 mini-documentary is ok though. . this dvd is about as bad as the first release of a bug 's life.. another skimpy release on dvd. . finally , they did n't include a tribute to joe ranft.. that 's a huge crime in itself .
these dvd 's are a joke . if you want the original full length movies on dvd go on ebay . you will find versions copied from laserdisc . they are in widescreen , digital quality , original audio and full length . they are superior to the old vhs copies and much better then these new dvd 's . viva la revolution........ .
this movie is laughable today . it 's very dated , and it shows . it 's not worth your time . the acting is so-so , but felt forced ( like william shatner style ) . the storyline is okay . by today 's standards , it appears like a low budget flick
well , my title says it all . there is nothing special or amazing about this movie . i do n't like the three main actors , and the ending was just laughable . sorry , but it was a stupid movie
you , me and dupree is a formula film , a template designed for teenage guys who feel the need for potty mouth , noisy , crude guy things movies . there have been a lot of these films of late ( all spinoffs of the wedding crasher image ) and one wonders if there is a saturation point . relating the story is rather pointless as it is a one-line joke ( ? ) . dupree ( owen wilson playing owen wilson ) is the best man at his buddy matt dillon 's wedding to kate hudson ( the you and me ) and subsequently moves in with them , causing all manner of mayhem and bad taste and faux pas and grim situations ( think toilet problems etc ) . and that is it . michael douglas was brought in to play a flat role as kate hudson 's father who objects to her marriage blah blah blah . ask directors anthony and joe russo for the rest . we know that hudson , dillon and douglas have much better roles to offer ( wilson seems to have found his niche ) , and the only reason films like this keep getting made is because they make money ( for some reason ) at the box office . the film is silly , tacky , tired and should only be rented if the shelves in the video store are otherwise empty... grady harp , november 06
here we have what has to be one of the most mind bogglingly boring movies ever made ! i could n't believe what i was watching ! moreover,i am aghast that this film garnered some acclaim and that some reviewers on these pages even saw fit to award this dreck with an unbelievable four and five star rating . what is going on ? is it me or them that has totally lost the plot of what movies are supposed to be all about ? am i naive to think that movies should first and foremost entertain ? where oh where was the entertainment in this lame effort of a film with its unsteady shaky comera work,hamfisted confusing screenplay lacking energy and inventiveness and the cloying performance of modern cinema 's most tedious and overrated sleep inducing actor ralph fiennes ? how i long for the good old days when we had great movies with great actors from great writers and great directors and which achieved what they set out to do - entertain.sadly with the emergence of such a travesty as " the constant gardener " it appears that we unfortunate " real " film lovers are in for a dismal viewing future .
this movie is a rehash of the first , but it is a crappy , unconvincing , emotionally uninspiring movie . let me guess what part 3 will be about : a guy who looks at video or pictures goes back in time , does not alter that timeline the way he wants ( i.e . always worst case scenario ) and ends up killing himself in the end for the sake of everyone else
after seeing the real show in l.a. , my girlfriend and i were really looking forward to the dvd . and after last night 's viewing , i went to bed kinda creeped out and actually felt a little guilty that i did n't like the whole thing that much . i 'm relieved to see that other fans just could n't handle all the audience shots either . this dvd tries so hard to define paul 's place in our lives and his impact on the world through his music that it ends up blowing it for those of us who already know , feel , and live it . they tried to document his music and its impact instead of just filming it . if you 're from mars and this is your first day on earth , you might appreciate the way the dvd attempts to explain the relevance of paul 's work . if you 've been on this planet for awhile , chances are you 're already up to speed and just want to see the band and hear the music
this really isnt a bad movie if you havent read the book , if you have read the book then think of this as another story based on the same subject . i understand that a book to movie will leave certain things out , and i accept that , but to completely change the ending is not excusable . what was wrong with the way the book ended ? like i said if you havent read the book you will like this movie although they do solve these very complex puzzles after a glance at them ( even though they hide a very very valuable secret that will change the world ) . if you havent read the book or seen the movie do yourself a favor and pick up a copy , its a better story and its cheaper if bought in the paperback , if you dont have time to read it then get it on audio disk or tape
first off , i am a huge pixar fan . in november in '95 i took my company to see toy story and within 6 months of that showing i got rid of most of the employees that did n't like the film . i 've seen every pixar film at least 5o times . nuff said . anyway , i liked the film cars.. but not as much as other pixar flicks.. its still good. . however , the dvd is underwhelming : a ) no commentary b ) horrible deleted scenes c ) not much in extras . the route 66 mini-documentary is ok though. . this dvd is about as bad as the first release of a bug 's life.. another skimpy release on dvd. . finally , they did n't include a tribute to joe ranft.. that 's a huge crime in itself .
i consider myself a huge pixar fan . this is easily the most insipid pixar movie ever . pixar ran out of pixie dust while making this one . i have read the rave reviews and am scratching my head trying to figure what it was that they like about this movie . pixar , if you are listening , please , please , dont embarass yourself by dishing out this sort of c-grade stuff . i expect more from you
this really isnt a bad movie if you havent read the book , if you have read the book then think of this as another story based on the same subject . i understand that a book to movie will leave certain things out , and i accept that , but to completely change the ending is not excusable . what was wrong with the way the book ended ? like i said if you havent read the book you will like this movie although they do solve these very complex puzzles after a glance at them ( even though they hide a very very valuable secret that will change the world ) . if you havent read the book or seen the movie do yourself a favor and pick up a copy , its a better story and its cheaper if bought in the paperback , if you dont have time to read it then get it on audio disk or tape
the details are all fine if you do n't know the middle east - but are not well researched and inconsistent . i wo n't bore you with the list . all the big picture takeaway is that the middle east and big oil are a complicated business with many parties that have a big stake . tell us something new . the overall storyline does not have much else going for it - i was expecting more intrigue , a more synthesized story line . a disappointment .
if you have read ( and enjoyed ) any of the x-men , save your $ , buy the graphic novel of the original dark phoenix saga , and pretend this movie was n't made . if you want to see some special effects & are n't that hung up on character development , i 'd still just rent it
saw this movie at the actual premier in nyc and met sturla gunnerson and i told him exactly how i felt . gerard butler needed a bigger horse . i expected so much more out of this film and felt empty handed leaving the theater . sarah polleys language was uncalled for in the film . they could have written better lines . the fade in , fade out was like a child filming with a video camera . the film was funny at times and mixed with gore . like eating sweet and sour . being a gerard butler fan i was distressed after watching this film . why did he do this ? gerry butler is an incredibly talented actor and made the most out of the poor lines and bad pony riding scenes . this unfortunately will not be one of his great films he has done in the past like the jury , please or the phantom of the opera . i expect mr. butler to be past these b films and know he does have much better stuff in the works...than goodness . all in all the film was terrible . the scenery was captivating and breathless . i at times found myself saying wow , but it was about the story of beowulf & grendel and it did not meet my expectations that i have read even in the easiest translations . all i can say is mr. butler your an incredible talent , becareful what you choose . movies like this can paved the way to a downward spiral . i know mr. butler is indeed better than this .
the basic premise of this movie could be quite interesting - how does a man trained as a 'killing-machine ' integrate back into society . yes , it 's been done before but still holds promise . the plot was adequate . the acting was believable - no complaints there . i particularly enjoyed sean pertwee as 'mace' . and jason isaacs has long been a favorite actor . but what ruined the movie for me was the science . i 'm not a fanatic - i have no problems with ftl travel or spaceships 'banking ' on turns or loud explosions in space in movies . and i realize that movies are not 'real' . but i 've never seen more 'bad ' science in any one movie . my son and i watched this together and it turned into a contest seeing who could catch more bloopers . i could go on and on detailing the scientific and logic errors in this movie - but it would take me all night . it spoiled the whole movie for me
i am a big fan of kurt russell but this movie sucks . and as forrest gump said , " thats all i have to say about that .
growing up , i absolutely loved the turtles but this dvd stinks . the only plus is that i can have the original episodes in convenient dvd form rather than track down a bunch of old vhs tapes . this dvd is no different from the season one and season three dvd 's . they all have spelling errors and title errors and each one seems to have been produce in a half-a $ $ fashion just to capitalize on the new turtle 's sucess . which by the way the new turtles are much better than the old ones . on the season three dvd the package refers to " bebop " as bebob , nice editing job . i guess it was to hard to get that one right . also all three of the dvd 's are bare bones with no special features . the price does however reflect the crappy job the studio did on this most of these dvd 's can be purchased for around 10 bucks . i just wish that peter laird had the rights to the old show so that it could have been done some justice on dvd
unfortunatly this dvd set is defective . on disc 1 episode 3 the picture just freezes and then loops back to the opening scene . i sent one back to amazon then got a replacement and had to send that one back as well . so i thought maybe the ones at the store might not be defective so i bought a copy at target and it 's the same problem ! i 've written to anchor bay twice and they have n't bothered to reply . this situation really angers me because i love this season but am not going to waste money on a defective product . do n't buy this dvd until the problem is resolved ! ! ! !
i got this movie on sale a couple years ago . it looked pretty good , but you know how most of that goes . i really lke movies like scream , i thought it would be like that , but nope . this movie was a hundred percent perdictable . i knew everything that was gon na happen in this movie . from the first seen you can tell it 's gon na suck . * spoiler * the first seen has a guy walking down a dorm hallway , when he hears a door open and close and goes to check it out . the lights flicker ( wow how original ) and a person... in a really , really stupid mask shows up and kills him with an ax . this is what happens throughout the entire movie . do n't waste your time or money . if you really want to see it i would suggest renting it... not worth more than 3.00 anytime
i guess i expected more out of this movie but i confess i was mildly disappointed in it . at first , the movie seems to be having a hard time making up its mind whether to be a comedy or a drama and the resulting mish mash is a bit unsettling . still , it was a great cast ; dean martin was particularly adept at westerns , much more so than frank sinatra , who pretty much plays frank sinatra in this one . it is fun to see the two of them compete for the ladies , in this case , anita ekberg and ursula andress . the bad guys are well represented by victor buono and charles bronson . a fun movie but not particularly memorable .
beware the reviews that say this is an underrated classic and masterpiece and all that . was real disappointed by 9th gate . this film is tepid , there is none of the satanic intensity/ambiance that you find in 'rosemary 's baby ' it 's too hollywood , surprisingly , considering the maverick presence of depp/polanski . film opens well , with a suicide and depp 's opportunistic character who seems to straddle the moral fence , but it never creates the proper mood or atmosphere . exorcist 3 , which i was equally disappointed in , at least was more satanic . i wo n't spoil anything for those who do want to see it , but the showdown scene between depp and those he is purusing is awkward and poorly directed . emmanuelle seigner comes across more like a hippy chick than a demona . and the 'showdown with the devil ' is a letdown to say the least . this film could have been great but polanski dropped the ball , considering he was the producer/director/co-screenwriter , and the film fails in all three areas . it 's not horrible , so i give it 2 stars . but do n't buy this film , rent it only . buy angel heart instead
ok , basquiat , at age 19- see the actual person . period ( so wonderfully played by wright in movie " basquiat " ) what a major trainwreck of film this is.should have stayed where it was buried . sorry , wo n't waste my time to list all the many , very many reasons , already wasted my money .
i recently discovered this set available on dvd and was very excited , since i 've been a fan of david suchet , agatha christie and hercule poirot for a long time . i was really looking forward to viewing these , however the poor quality of the image was apparent to me in the first scene and it did n't get better . the image quality is actually worse than what i 've seen on aired on television via cable . the picture appears to be composed of thousands of tiny vertical lines , which are easily discernable and difficult to ignore . i 'm amazed acorn would release such a great series in such a low quality package and then charge so much for it . i will definitely not buy any other titles by acorn media
the first set was very entertaining--a spy/crime caper spoof with dashes of comic brilliance provided by moore and curtis--set ii is another kettle of fish altogether . the second set is strictly played for laughs--there is little or no character development and the plots and dialogue run rather thin . frankly , i hoped for more . for those who wish to obtain a true collector 's set of this highly entertaining series , would do better to purchase the network dvd megaset special edition of the persuaders , now available thru amazonuk with some delighful extras including bumpers , promotional materials , episode commentaries , tv spot interviews , title sequences , and hour-long interviews with director , robert baker , tony curtis , and roger moore . tony curtis ' unabashed comments regarding the production team , guest-star joan collins 's antics on the set , and his marijuana bust en route to london for the taping of the first episode , are absolutely priceless in this network dvd set . surprisingly , the acute observer will notice that some of the episodes in the second box of the a&e set are written by none other than terry nation--who would go on to pen a bigger and more serious series survivors in the uk four years later-when will that be available in the us ?
this is a documentary about adhd-not half japanese . most of the so-called critics ca n't remember a dambed thing except for how great they are for recognizing the greatness of jad while continuously ranting about their major label conspiracy theories . penn jillette even goes so far as to brag about how he conned a homless person out of jad 's material and then threatened jad with physical violence if he ever talked to the guy . if you 're interested in mental illness and sleazy people like penn jillette stroking themselves then by all means watch this . if you 're interested in a great american rock band then just buy the albums and listen .
( 1 ) scarlett o'hara is the least likable " heroine " i 've ever seen . she has no redeeming qualities . ( 2 ) we 're supposed to sympathize with the south and feel nostalgia for the good old days when white folks could own black folks ? ( 3 ) this movie is way too long and dull . ( 4 ) i 'm glad they burned atlanta to the ground . ( 5 ) there was nothing honorable or respectable about the old south and the plantation way of the life . the " gentlemen " were nothing but racists who thought they were aristocrats because blacks did all their work for them . ( 6 ) i 'd rather watch " mandingo " than this racist garbage any day of the week
a poorly-conceived , poorly put together mess . do n't bother
let me start by saying if you are considering purchase of this film , make your own decision as to if you will purchase it . this is simply my opinion of the film . this movie has horrible fight scenes that do n't appear to be martial arts at all . basically , van damme is in another film which does not capitalize on his martial arts abilities , and forces him into a stiff choreographed position . they found some buff guys , okay , big deal . they put them in a film , and say that they are super soldiers with extra ordinary skills . these guys do n't have that . vin diesel has far better choreography by himself . i have said this about other films and i will say it about this one as well . the cast & crew benefited from the production of this film , so it doesnt affect them . they go home happy believing they did a good job . you , the consumer , you go and see it on the shelf and recognize a star on the cover and consider buying it . wrong move as for this film . you will waste money that could have been put into your retirement , or used to buy your children school paper as they educate themselves . save that money and put it where it belongs . this is not worth your cash
this is a very slow movie and it seems more like a documental about war , geopolitics and weapons trade . there is almost no dialogues
i am confused - does anyone know who owns this dvd whether this chinese film the road home is in french audio only for this sony dvd ? it 's not in mandarin , cantonese or any other chinese dialect ? the answer will determine whether i buy it or not .
maybe i 'm spoiled by big-budget sci-fi films , but i thought this movie kind of stunk . it felt and looked like a tv movie and was n't scary , at all . the best/funniest part was how no one could remember the one lady 's name or face , and everyone described her the same way-- " the one with the glasses . " " oh , her--have n't seen her . " lol
okay , this movie is a complete waste of time for even the most diehard college basketball fans . nick nolte does a fine job acting like bob knight coaching ucla , or in this case , the fictional western univ . that is until the 'real ' bob knight coaches indiana against nolte 's fictional team in the climactic game at the end . i was a student at iu when nolte was going to every indiana home game in order to study how a real college basketball coach acts . at the time indiana was number 1 in the nation so nolte got a lot of attention for his role . however , the acting by shaq , hardaway , and matt nover was absolutely horrid ! the plot centers around a legendary b-ball court ( nolte as a knight rip-off right down to the sweater ) who is turned to cheating by those nasty alumni and boosters . he takes his dirty team through the season and plays number 1 indiana at the end . the real bob knight shows up with a cast of former iu b-ball legends and one duke legend in bobby hurley . anyway , after beating the squeaky clean indiana team nolte rats out the alums and boosters for their recruiting violations . other than nolte nobody gives a really solid performance . mary mcdonnell is good but she 's hardly in the movie . bob cousy plays the ad and he does an okay job for a guy who is n't even an actor . hardaway is terrible and matt nover is just plain horrible . the only part really worth watching is the final game between indiana and shaq 's team . it does a good job of taking you inside the huddle as you actually see and hear knight diagram plays and nolte does the same . however , it just turns into a highlight reel of shaq dunking . if you want to see a good b-ball movie just watch hoosiers again . also , i 'd like to be on whatever mind altering drugs the people who gave this movie 5 stars were taking .
this is not a collection of the superbowls , played from start to finish , as some of the reviewers would lead you to believe . i got this for my father so he could watch the 49ers tromp all over the broncos over and over again ( since they certainly have n't been up to much lately ! ) . unfortunately , all we got was a collection of highlights , with so many " up close and personal " shots , that it was almost nauseating to watch on a bigger screen tv . an expensive disappointment , surely
dubbed and renamed . see the original swordsman ii instead
wuthering heights the novel grabs you at the first page and drags you through passion , betrayal , madness , despair , greed , hatred , and revenge . it 's not necessarily a pleasant read , but always an engrossing one . emily bronte 's characters jump off the page and will continue to haunt you long after you 've finished the book . modern day moviemakers have had a notoriously bad time translating any of the bronte sisters ' works into film and this is no exception . the characters are representations in name only and fail to capture any of the true spirit behind this amazing book . juliet binoche and ralph fiennes are two of the best actors working in film today , but this movie is a definite low point for both . as heathcliff and catherine , fiennes and binoche seem to have failed to grasp the depth or the passions of the characters and their performances are flat and bland . binoche 's personality is too grounded and mature for the wild and carefree cathy so she compensates with endless giggling that got on my nerves . fiennes comes across as greasy and sullen instead of a tormented and complex soul ; he simply does not have the charisma or the depth to play such a demanding role . the other characters are likewise lacking in realism , only janet mcteer fares well , she is fabulous as ellen dean . even if the acting were better , the story does not capture the essence of the book . everything moves too quickly , the film jumps around frequently and large plot holes are left either unexplained or are patched quickly with a few brusque words . sinead o'conner 's appearance as emily bronte to bookend the film is contrived and unnecessary . this film was very obviously made on a budget and the sets and costumes show it . the wigs are dreadful and the costumes are for the most part , ugly and unflattering . fiennes actually looks potbellied in some of his vests ! maybe someday someone will make a film that does this remarkable book justice . this is n't it
alias must the most boring and dumbest show on tv in years . the acting is lame and everyone is always looking down and try to act . the story is boring and always so typical james bond . do n't waste your money and time on this crappy non-funny piece of crap .
i 'm not sure what everyone else watched , maybe i was expecting to much after reading these other reviews , but i was more than just a little disappointed . the women are attractive that is for sure , but that 's the only thing this movie has going for it . the sex footage was over before is started . at the most they lasted about 30 seconds . i 'm not looking for hard-core porn , but this was far from what i was looking for . my suggestion is 'buyer-be-aware '
20 years ago , there was a terrible accident in the mine on valentine 's day . the following year one of the miners , harry warden , takes a terrible revange on those responsible for the accident . since that day , there is no celebration of valentine 's day in the little town valentine 's buff . until now ( that is 1981 ) . but harry warden seems to have returned to stop the celebration . the music as music is quite good , but it does n't lead the film in any direction , so it 's not helping . the story is recycled , which is good , but could have been much more minimalistic . why not just have the party and let the miner kill the kids ? and trying to put a twist to the story by " explaining " things is seldom very helpful . the murderar places human hearts in valentine boxes which is distasteful but not really scary . a variation on the holiday theme , that could have been a bit more focused .
are you kidding me ! ? this movie is beyond all redemption . sean conery is a disgrace to himself , running around in a red diaper with pirate boots on . wtf ! what 's with all the naked women in this thing ? why do they have to be naked ? they 're hideous looking in the face and body . my god , my eyes ! if this is the product of the " love " generation and what they found to be entertaining and mindfully stimulating , no wonder our society is crazy . i just ca n't get over how profoundly corny and simple the plot and effects are , it 's downright insulting to the human brain . whoever wrote this and was crazy enough to finance it , should be killed and then studied so we do n't have another idiot of this caliber spawned
this is the worst version of 'wuthering heights ' i have ever seen . please , if you are a fan of emily bronte 's classic , do n't waste your time on this movie . i do n't know how anyone could try out for a part in a movie without reading the book it was based off of first . ( none of the actors read the novel . ) instead , try seeing the 1939 or 1992 version , they are worth your time and money
i first saw the movie poster and was n't particlularly inspired by the idea of cows going after an evil cow rustler . but then i heard composer alan menken ( who had worked on beauty & the beast and aladdin ) was attached and this made me rethink my position . then unfortunately the trailer made me rethink my position back to what it was before . still , i went into the movie theater ready to give " home on the range " a chance.. .  ...and fell asleep . i found the soundtrack uninspired and the story incredibly weak . i admit the animation is fine ( but not spectacular ) and some of the jokes are funny but they are very few and far between . apparently " home on the range " was meant to be released before " brother bear " but because of story issues it was delayed . i do n't think it should have been made in the first place . it has also ruined the work laid out by " brother bear " for a new disney renaissance . i think whoever said yes to this movie should be fired , because not only is it terrible , but it ended mainstream 2-d animation for disney , a massive loss to the entertainment industry . the dvd has an audio commentary ( with rather overconfident directors if you ask me considering this movie is a disaster ) . there is also a behind the scenes featurette , games , art review and music video- more than this movie that never should have happened deserves .
i 'm a fan of audrey hepburn and this movie relys heavily - too heavily on her charm . and unfortunately , it is some of her worst acting work , posey , sing-song , and superficial . now , if you 've read her bio , and know what was going on with her and holden , that could explain it , but still , this film is very static . like most heburn films , a highlight is her clothes , her style , her self . this film self-consciously relys on this when the script itself could simply have been better . there are some very fun cameos by big performers that raise moments here . this film would have benefited greatly by a better comic actress in the lead . jayne mansfield could have been a hoot in this , thelma ritter too , in a very different way , somebody with less style and more off beat snap , crackle , and pop . ( thelma ritter and william holden paired in a romantic comedy.. . i 'm all ready laughing ! ) before i hit this too harshly , this film was intended to be a trifle , the kind of movie that has bright colors and light plot for a hot summer day that sizzles . for that , it is adequate . the remake , alex and emma suffers very much from the same problems . they actually improved the script , and gave the leading lady room to make some very wacky choices , but both films seem to have suffered from " settling for a star " when a less mainstream , more zany actress was needed . ok , this does n't stink...it has audrey , but it certainly does n't sizzle
actually not going to be kind........... what a load of rubbish
i have four kids , boys and girls , ages 3 to 8 . we all love hot wheels , world race . we previewed the first acceleracer movie , and were very disappointed ! i agree that perhaps it is targeted to some older kids , but that leaves a void for the younger ones . why do the characters have huge , unnatural feet and arms ( not to mention lani 's breast augmentation ) ? lani now looks like a streetwalker , taro ( my favorite ) like a cheap hood , and what happened to marky ? the themes have turned dark , the behavior ( street racing , violence , nastiness ) provides an incredibly poor example . a movie that was very safe and innocuous has turned into a minefield for my children . i disagree with some reviewers that the kids " do n't pay attention " to those parts...we will not let our kids watch this trash ! my kids and their parents are mystified at why such a good thing was allowed to go so far down . we told them it is rated pg ( i agree with that reviewer ) and they might watch it when they are older . parents beware--do not trust materials marked for children to necessarily be appropriate
funniest movie i 've ever watched.i think i busted a rib laughing .
i returned this as i found out it was either letterbox or wide screen format , i only buy or want tapes or dvds that fill the entire tv screen , otherwise i dont buy the
making it no reason to even consider getting this filler filled p.o.s
i was told this was hilarious . cheech and chong and so many others . not only were theye barely there , i must have missed the funny part . i wish i 'd missed the whole movie . do n't bother
i am a bbc devotee and officionado and purchased this dvd sight unseen because it seemed to ooze of excellent epic bbc storytelling and visual feasting . however , i was only partially correct . it is excellently produced and beautiful to behold but the story is depressing and even a bit silly . i left the film feeling robbed , disappointed , sad , and a bit unfulfilled . i viewed it only once and then sold it on e-bay at a cut-rate price . do yourself a favor and save your time and money
what a disappointment ! every time it gets hot , it cuts straight to the end . the movie is entirely foreplay ! !
while i have not purchased this box set i have seen many of the episiodes several times as i am a fan of spongebob allthough he and patrick can be a bit pathetic at times . for example , in " the idiot box " when they order a tv just to play in the box . anywhyey as someone has said in there reviews some dummy snipped out " just one " bit of the episiode " just one bite " which is my personal favorite spongebob episiode because of the music as well as the humor . you all know it so there 's no need for explanation . i think it 's so pathetic that certain scene 's in cartoons have to be snipped out
this film was not what i expected . it was so plain . i was about ready to turn it off . others may like it though .
i bought this movie without seeing it first and have now watch it at least two times through . some chapters , i watch several more times . this movie has three things against it . first , i was very disappointed with the number of product placements in this movie . it takes alot away from the whole movie . second , it has too much of the same stuff that can be seen in any recently released wm movie . same people doing the same exact things . third , the sound track was way below par . i 'm still a warren miller fan and the movie does have some good ski footage . but , i do n't think the wm bunch went out of their way to make this a good ski movie .
do n't bother wasting your money if you think you are upgrading like i did . the earlier artisan release is still much better than this special edition . the image is better and also the sound . i do n't know what lions gate thought they were doing , but remastered ? no . i compared both several times before writing this even though i only had to compare once . might as well wait for a hd dvd to come out , this is a waste unless you want the additional features
an average customer review of almost 4 stars ? have you people all gone mad or worse still have amnesia ? jason supposedly went to hell yeah ? then why is still in one piece . this time round , the government realise there 's nothing they can do to stop jason and have him captured . he is cryogenically frozen so he can come to no harm . unfortunatley , he and a doctor stay that way for over 400 years and reside in space ! yes space ! the budget for this movie was impressive and the special effects are indeed good . there may be more elaborate death scenes and a high body count but it 's just not enough ! this sequel sounds more like a star trek episode and completely ignores or escapes the true origins of a good friday the 13th flick . supposedly , a twelfth friday the 13th movie is being made ( if you count the excellent freddy vs jason ) . while freddy vs jason was indeed impressive , there is absolutely no way either killer can survive a film on their own anymore
i am a recovering alcoholic with 19 years of continuous sobriety . " my name is bill w " is a visual textbook i use to introduce new sponsees to the concept of aa . a very helpful indoctrinating tool for the newcomer
the plot of the story was ruined by the immorality and language . this could have been a beautiful story if sexual immorality and profane language had been eliminated . it is possible to have something beautiful and clean where when you finish you feel that you have experienced something encouraging and uplifting . dying young and the plot of sickness and someone caring is beautiful . falling in love is beautiful but it is degraded by stooping to immorality . i threw it in the trash as i would not share it with those that i love
i own over 250 dvds , with a huge mixture of types . this is the worst movie for this year i 've seen so far . what a waste of my time . go ahead and see it , but i do n't recommend it
let me break it down for you in a nutshell , people . it 's a murder mystery in which the film 's protaganist thinks she knows who the killer is . but , she has her doubts . but she saw a tatto of a spade on the guy 's arm . he has the same thing . but what does she do ? she has sex with him . sex , sex , and more sex . if you suspect somebody of being a killer than why on earth would you have sex with him ? plus , 50 % of the movie is just plain old sex and sex talk . i do n't think this was a perfectly planned movie , to tell you the truth . final verdict : it 's easily forgetable and needs to go right before it starts
alright : take a step back , and tell me there is n't something decidedly wrong , even militantly spooky , about the american southwest . you know what i 'm talking about ? no ? let me clarify , then . we 're driving , me & thee , across some barren stretch of ancient arizona moonscape , and we 've hit upon what i call the magic hour : when the day is laying down its sword in honor of old man night , and the setting sun is really firing up all those sleeping reds and oranges and deep , feral yellows , up on the rocks , the hills , the cliffs , the crags , the bluffs . can you see it ? can you hear the coyotes keening and wailing and hi-yi-kee-yi-ing away back up in some box canyon , where those black-rooted stunty trees wave their straggly , evil , twisted arms towards an absentee heaven ? we still think of america as a young country , and maybe that 's just our innocence talking . because this land is just as ancient as any trod by the african or chinese , and ca n't you just smell the terrible old blood-secrets buried down under the earth when you 're out on the high desert ? sure . as the town of desperation 's former sheriff ( former , in that he 's going through something of a---ah , midlife crisis ) would say , gosh , yes . the guts and sheer , pulpy , bloody visceral glory of stephen king 's novel " desperation " rides that seam of ancient , buried , hulking horror like a 40-something housewife saddling up the mechanical bull at gilley 's , and that 's half its charm---which is why i was expecting so much with mick garris 's cinematic version , and , no doubt , why i was just so damned disappointed . the setup , the build , the execution---everything about " desperation " cuts thematically close to the territory king marked with his bad-doggie tale " cujo " . remember " cujo " ? something ancient and unspeakably evil , and deeply stupid and hungry---something nasty lies all coiled-up in a dark cave.until cujo---big , bumbling , naive , benevolent---comes lumbering into its domain . and gets eaten . devoured . turned into a shambling , rabid hulk of its former lovable slobbery self , transformed into a ravenous engine of death with one single design : to spread carnage , red and raw and toothy , across the trembling land . now , just as the arc and trajectory of the bullet is n't all that mindful of its casing , so too the unsleeping ancient evils of cujo and desperation are n't too picky about their corporeal hosts . whether it 's a 300-pound dog or a 300-pound lawman , the only real concern is where to pile the bodies . or so you 'd think . sadly , " desperation " is a tiny little bang , and a ton of whimper : 15 minutes of shivery brilliance , and what feels like about 8 hours of unbridled dullness . that bristling tale of ancient , sleeping , hungry evil---tak ripped out of his slumber with the explosion of the charges in the rattlesnake pit , and his unquenchable desire to eat his way out into the guts of the little town of desperation---all of the novel 's frantic hardscrabble fight against a mounting , relentless evil is wasted by mick garris 's listless , uninspired direction . it 's as if garris burned up his budget hiring ron perlman to run the numbers as collie entragian , and then outsourced the rest of the flick to bangalore . hell , they even dragoon some worn-out mountain lion to take a chunk out of flabby old charles durning 's patooshka , and even that does n't jack up the excite-o-meter on this miserable thing . not that i 'm complaining about perlman : this sad little flick bumps and grinds and gets its crawling kingsnake groove-on * only * when entragian is on the screen , and perlman is the perfect choice as the lawman who goes all economy on us and squeezes both good cop * and * bad cop into one body , then goes on to downsize his jurisdiction . with extreme prejudice . tak ! " desperation " has its 15 minutes of brilliance with that fatal traffic stop : everything is just about note perfect . those lying , impossibly high wild-blue western skies ; the trooper lurching out of his cruiser , that gary cooper drawl just crackling out over the silence of the high desert , the spike of dread at the curt command to step out of the car succeeded by a queasy flood of relief when---thank god ! ---it 's just a busted-tail-light . it 's here , in the seconds before " desperation " lurches forward zombie-style into b-grade horror , that the movie succeeds , that it creeps and crawls the way the book did . it is here that the film conjures up the loneliness of the vast stretches , the realization---something most american suburbanites go to their graves without knowing---that there are wild spaces on this crazy planet where you could be murdered and buried without anyone knowing how , or why . while the coyotes howl , the scorpions scuttle and clatter , the black widows stalk and spin and move itchingly towards their prey . gosh , yes . js
so i thought i only saw pieces of the abc presentation of desperation . on tv i thought i missed the chapter about the first family , david 's family , and how they came to be in the town jail . it turns out i did n't miss anything , that 's the way it was filmed . when i heard the film was available on dvd and " r " rated , too , i vowed to rent it and see the movie as it was designed to be seen . curses , gore , adult scares and , perhaps a booby ! one would n't expect anything but the most watered down presentation on abc but the " r " rated version , oh boy ! the dvd , rated " r " , was exactly the same presentation word for word and scene for scene with the only difference being the exclusion of commercials . i 'm going to say , and prove me wrong , that the " r " rating was slapped on the dvd to intice people to rent it to see the original adult version . what a sneaky rip-off . how can they do that ? overall , the movie was not great . the ending was completely tacked on and i got a little tired of the sermonizing . the performances were ok , with the exception of ron perlman 's performance . he was outstanding . i know amazon sells this dvd but they also sell the book and the book is much more satisfying . it 's hard to believe the same guy that wrote the movie also wrote the book . i 'm sure everybody made lots of money on this project but i 'd like my money back
this review might contain some spoilers....i was disappointed with this anime . after all the reviews i read i was expecting alot more . it was slow in some parts and granted you knew somehow she would have to die considering her contract with a demon chrono she just all of a sudden gets a stigmata and it is pretty much over . there was some humor but all in all i would not waste money on it . infact , i took my collection down to the local half price books and sold it the day after i purchased it
boring , boring , boring . what a " let down " ! it 's dated and just not good . it was torture sitting through this . want a good ss video , go with what 's the name of that song or the 25th annivesary celebration . they are great from beginning to end
the voice over sounds like the guy from the hoky motivational videos everyone had to watch in high school . this is an overly-sentimental piece of sh * t. some , and only some , of the visuals are really incredible ( the tow-in scenes ) ..the rest is a feel-good , surfers-are-awesome waste of time . i love to surf...for my own reasons . it 's not because i need to feel like a part of a big " community " . for authentic , thought-provoking surf films , check out " thicker than water " , " brokedown melody " and " september sessions " . save " step into liquid " for the people who fall all over themselves for the next predictable hollywood offering
we bought several different potty training videos and this was , unexpectedly , the worst . the reason : it lacks focus . it comes off as more of a production made by people who never had kids , or at least do n't remember what potty training is all about . it goes back and forth between elmo and short film and animated clips that focus on independence and doing things for yourself . but it does n't really hold a 2 year old 's interest and the song lyrics and such are overly complicated for a child of that age . my older daughter , who 's potty trained for years now , watched it more than my son who grew bored really fast . if you are going for entertainment , get this dvd , but if you want your little one to start giving up diapers , go with potty power
this experience was totally unsatisfactory ! ! ! i received a notice that the product had been shipped ; it included a very long number to trace the shipment . it was promised for february 6th , but did not arrive . on february 16th you wrote me that the shipment was never made . now which is it ? did you have it , and misplace it in the process , or did you lie when you said it was already send out ? i have had otherwise good results in my purchases from amazon , but this is a real mess-up . i wrote to ask how to reorder , and this is the only response since then . is there anything you can do to change this problem. ? do you reprint reviews of your service
sorry but this movie certainly showed a horrific side of the old west . sure there were some noble men and victimized young chinese girls , but they were way outnumbered by the rotten men and women depicted in the movie . i do not find very graphic violence , nudity , and rape on the top of my must watch list . i skipped to the ending on the second disk
one of the worst films of a generation . many talented comedic ( dave thomas - colleen camp ) were wasted in this decrepit piece of digital doggeral .
who in the hell gave this movie the green-light ? god-awful performances and such immature jokes that only a child can laugh at... this may perhaps be the worst movie ever created . and i 'm the kind of person that appreciates anything... but this... this is just pure , 100 % crap . this will most likely be the only time i will ever say " i want my two hours back " and mean it . and i only watched this movie for marnette patterson , but even she could n't save this movie
peter sellers as well as peter o'toole and all the beautiful women : capucine , romy schneider , etc , make ot his movie an extraordinary satire of the 60 's . was really that world that mad ? of course ! you could n't stand life without a psychonalist . thus , the film reflects precisey that . the lack of self-confidence , the incapacity of accepting the values of that decade , till -happy ending , of course- o'toole and schneider get married and lived happily everafter . and everybody has surpassed their personal crises . good for the movie . the humour is just wonderful . i recommend it most enthusiasticall
the year : 1965 . the cast : peter sellers . peter o'toole . woody allen . ursula andress . the soundtrack : burt bacharach . tom jones . dionne warwick . manfred mann . the movie : believe it or not -- terrible . really... as in unwatchable ( other than the relatively entertaining animated opening credits . ) painfully unfunny slapstick routines , actors seemingly reading their lines off of cue cards , and no plot to speak of . not even fun to watch for 60 's camp value like the party or casino royale.. . i had to turn it off at about the halfway mark . grade : incomplete  safest bet : get the soundtrack , skip the movie.. .
i am a big fan of woody allen and i presume that i will eventually get around to seeing all of his movies . prior to viewing " what 's new pussycat ? " , i would have presumed that i would enjoy each and every movie . however , " what 's new pussycat ? " has shown me that even woody allen can make a disaster movie . what is wrong with this movie is just about everything . the acting can only do so much with an impossibly awful script and a director who seems to want to magnify the faults rather than cover them up . we start with a man whose problem is that he must seduce every acttractive woman he sees . peter o'toole won the rights to play this character and he is surrounded by beautiful women . he proceeds to make it all seem so boringly ridiculous . he calls all his femine friends " pussycat " which gets old after a while . he constantly displays a bewildered expression coupled with a rather interested/disinterested approach toward his playmates . he seeks the help of a sexually challenged psychiatrist played by peter sellers . sellers does his best with what little he has to work with . he has the dr. strangelove accent down pretty good and he is constantly on the make but the humor that emerges is so weak as to be embarassing at times . woody allen wrote the script , which is the most shocking disappointment of the whole picture . i once heard a comedian remark that a good comic writer can give you 10 new jokes of which you can use 3 . with woody allen , the comedian said , you can use all 10 . in " what 's new pussycat ? " , i wish there had been at least three good jokes . this overlong look into the problems that o'toole 's character suffers from eventually attempts to save itself with a sort of bennie hill-style slapstick . i take that back ; there 's no justifiable reason to besmirch the good name of bennie hill by associating it with this turkey . anyway , the movie ends in a chateau with a sort of musical beds involving all of o'toole 's mistresses . an incomprehensible brouhaha ensues and the revelers escape to a neighboring go-kart track . ( presumeably all fashional french chateaus have a conveniently adjacent go-kart track ) . this enables the movie to sink so low that it boggles the mind . after all , we have some top talent in allen , sellers and o'toole and we see them spontaneously go go-kart-riding off into the sunset ( or the side of a building , or a mud puddle , or something meant to be funny ) . i was glad to be done with the movie . woody allen is a great talent . peter sellers was a great talent . peter o'toole was a great talent . watch them in their other productions but spare yourself the one movie that each one of them should not have made
i am still awaiting receiving dora the explorer meets diego.......i have ordered it twice once before christmas and kept updating my order to ship when received and then i ordered it later and canceled the original order because it looked like it was available and then i got a delay again.......if you have any update on when this will be in and shipped i would really like to know......everything else that i have odered and has come from toys r us through amazon i have been very pleaase with....... .
throughly dismisses all jazz after 1960 , including fusion , free jazz , and everything thereafter . marsalis actually calls cecil taylor 's music " self-indulgent bullsh * * " apparently taylor was not allowed to rebut this during the film . how was that allowed to air on the supposedly intellectual ( but more likely agenda-driven ) on pbs , i will never understand . if you think swing is the only valid form of jazz , you will love this series . if you think coltrane is a god , you get five minutes ' summary . so lets see here : 15 hours on louis armstrong and duke , 5 minutes on coletrane , and a total didmissal of everything after duke 's death . reminds me of the republisuck 's " fair and balanced " nonsense . pbs , this is your wake-up call . stop trying to rewrite history - jazz ai n't in a museum . just ask the artists ( most of whom are alive ) whom burns left out . metheny , you out there
i had to watch it in my 8th grade pe class and it is very informative and somewhat graphic . it shows the scariness of it and makes you eat for one thing ! you wont ever forget it
do n't bother trying to watch this terrible mini series . it is a six hour bore , an unbelievable love triangle between three people who have absolutely no chemistry for each other . there is no heat in this story , no real passion , no real romance . it is a dry , boring , drawn out , and uninspired as they come . the writing is atrocious , and while the actors should be given credit for not choking on the swill they have for dialogue , they are completely unbelievable . the story is utterly predictable , though it goes off on pointless tangents and ignores potentially interesting subplots , and the only thing surprising is that anybody ever thought it would be a good idea to make this drivel . it does n't even meet the expected level of technical proficiency , with terrible editing , pathetic sound , and blatant continuity problems . take those six hours of your life and use them for something more worthwhile . the bbc has made many better mini series , and pretty much any one of them would be preferable
next to a night at the roxbury ( another will ferrell zero ) this is the worst movie i 've ever seen . so maudlin and it dragged on and on and on . it could actually make the viewer pray for death to end the torture so i guess it has some authenticity . brad pitt 's particularly bad - one facial expression ( blank ) and a painful monotone delivery . i think he got some award aptly represented by a carved wooden statue of keanu reeves . mr. brangelina jolie looks awful next to a brilliant thespian like anthony hopkins . bottom line : this movie stinks and so ( ironically ) does pitt
&quot ; metropolis&quot ; ,fritz lang 's 1927 silent masterpiece,is one of the most important films ever made and also a great one ! but over the years,this film has been reedited,recut,and shortened which ruins the exact vision of an extrordinary filmmaker.since its stay on the public domain shelf,the prints and image quality have over the years been poor.i do not recommend the following versions : 1.the goodtimes video release has poor image quality and even worse,no musical score ! 2.the now-notorious madacy dvd , which is about 5 times as worse as the goodtimes video release,contains horrible,blurry image quality,freeze-frame opening titles,and an annoying musical score ! just recently,tcm ( turner classic movies ) has broadcast the brand-new,beautifully restored 2002 restoration of &quot ; metropolis&quot ; which i taped off of and trust me,it 's well worth it ! buy the kino restored version on either vhs or dvd,but do not buy the horrible public domain versions which can definitely rip you off ! a terrific film and thanks to kino for making this restored version a definite must-see ! i also recommend the 1984 rerelease by giorgio moroder ( which is now unfortunately out-of-print ) and buy the soundtrack to go with it
can someone please tell me where to get the re-mastered dvd version of this film with chinese audio and english subtitles ? the recent hong kong legends release is crazy : chinese audio , or english audio , but no english subtitles ! i have the original chinese language/english subtitled ( the subtitles are imbedded ) version of this movie on a universe vcd and , based on the merits of its available chinese audio/english subtitles alone , it is a better movie--by magnitudes--than the one ( s ) commercially available to the ( hapless ) u.s. market . the english dubbing on this dvd , even though well synchronized with the actors ' lips , takes so much away from the film nevertheless , especially its " chinese-ness , " which is a major reason i enjoy this movie genre . take , for example , the scene where our hero first returns to jing woo school after learning of his master 's death and sees first senior fight a challenge match with a visiting master . after handily defeating the challenger , first senior actually saves face for the beaten master which the english soundtrack completely ( and deplorably ) misses . also , at the very end of the u.s. release film , chen says he is going back to his japanese girlfriend . in the original , hong kong release , he actually goes off to fight the japanese with the resistance movement . between these two examples , there are many such , gross audio mis-cues ; enough , at least , to take three stars away from an otherwise five-star martial arts film : the best of jet li 's filmography , and perhaps the best of the " modern " martial arts genre , period . the same criticism holds true for jet li 's the tai chi master ( released in the u.s. as the english-dubbed twin warriors ) . it 's an english soundtrack superimposed over a chinese movie , often stripping the film of its unique cultural content/identity/nuance , forcing the film through an american " knock-down-shoot-'em-up " template and reducing the potential for mental ( as opposed to strictly visceral ) enjoyment to a pitiful minimum . we end up with a film typically devoid of humor , character development and silver screen " intimacy , " a film precariously out of balance with , and far flung from , its careful directorial intent . if you value the full content--visible and audible--of chinese martial arts films , but lack facility in the host language , then the next best thing is a well-subtitled , original language version . and this release clearly is not that--by a long , long , long shot .
if you read between the lines on all these glowing reviews , you will find out that this is a ridiculous movie with some good ( not great ) acting . jessica lange basically does an impression of marilyn monroe with a southern accent . well not all of the time , since her accent seems to come and go . the amount of effort that you will spend trying to suspend your disbelief will negate any good qualities this movie has . skip it unless you really , really , really love jessica lange . by the way , if this movie is set in the early sixties , why does the daughter have a peace sign on her bedroom wall ? this is the same daughter that finds a grenade in a drawer and promptly pulls the pin and tosses it to her boyfriend ! puh-lease
this video is boring . too much talking and too little talking from the muppet characters . might be suited more for an older child but mine is 13 months so there has to be constant colorful characters for her to be interested
of course the criterion collection has wonderful extras and a great transfer . the problem is the film itself . preston sturges made some genuinely profound films such as the lady eve , unfaithfully yours , and hail the conquering hero that are rich and complex experiences . but sullivan 's travels is simplistic , pretentious , and false . as the film 's characters themselves point out , poverty is only intersting to the rich , whose view of it is distorted . odd-faced character actors in dingy sets make a rich man 's view of poverty and not at all related to the real thing . sturges was one of the most highly-paid men in america , so his view of the subject matter is ( like characters say in the film ) based on cliche . the climax with its chain-gang laughing at a cartoon , is pretty dopey and a fairly unconvincing argument for comedy . sturges would do better to point to how comedy in his best films allows him to examine self-deception , angry love , role playing and a host of other themes--in other words how humor gets into the darkest and most ambigous areas of human life that " serious " drama can not so easily reach . this film is exactly the kind of film that sullivan wants to make--which is why it is so overearnest and uninteresting . if you want to see the genious of preston sturges , watch any of his other films ( even harold diddlebock ) in their entirety . after the first 10 minutes a simplemindedness takes over sullivan 's travels that make makes it a dispiriting film .
i love stargate , and give the movie 5 stars . i own a vhs copy , and have watched it many times . with that said this " ultimate edition " is not ultimate at all . there are no real special features . the documentary is a cheesy one that explores if there is a real stargate , but there are no...no...behind the scenes/making of star gate insights at all . this documentary has nothing to do with the cast/crew/design/production of the movie . this does not , by any means , make this dvd ultimate . this dvd edition is n't ultimate at all , but extremely mediocre . the only special feature on this disk is a producer/director audio commentary that can run during the movie . that 's it . really . no kidding
this movie was so stupid , everyone listens to nina when she is clearly messing with their lives . they are stupid enough to believe her , and well i do n't even know what else happens cause i saved myself and changed the channel
what a disappointing purchase this was ! i have never purchased a dvd set that was this bad in quality without it being pirated . actually , i 've seen vhs copies with better audio/video quality . if i had not purchased the set from amazon itself i would have thought , i did get a cheap bootleg . the sound is a bit flat , which i could deal get over , but the picture quality is just horrendous ! all of the episodes are grainy , pixilated , and some even blur a bit . there are whole episodes where the show is so dark you can hardly tell what is going on . it 's a waste of money to buy dvd 's like this . shame on fox for releasing them this bad ! as for the show itself , well , it would be kind to say it was okay . in truth , it is not that great . i wonder how the show made it to season two at all . the acting was bad , the dialog was atrocious , the stories were subpar ; i could go on , but i think you get the idea . usually , a shows first season is the best or at the least good enough to make you want to see the next run , but not this one . in short , do not buy this set even if you are a fan . you can tape reruns on the fx channel in better quality !
his girl friday is an ok movie about newspaper reporters in the early part of the 20th century . i think it was supposed to be funny , and it may have been at the time , but most of the dialog was lost on me
the simple truth is , this movie is boring . yes , it has a really long ( not to say interminable ) rape scene in it , and yes , some guy gets his head smashed in with a fire extinguisher . but so what ? it 's still boring . we just sort of drift around from moment to moment , through what seem to be virtually unscripted scenes , backwards through the " story , " which has pretty much no focus or ultimate impact . then it 's over and you get to do something more interesting , like shine the silverware . do n't get me wrong , i like dark and disturbing films ( texas chainsaw massacre , anyone ? ) , but i prefer them to at least be interesting and involving . i 'd take anything david cronenberg ever made over this , and i 'm including the early stuff
warning : spoilers . opening scene is quite shocking . some graphic effects . there is more male nudity and male genitalia than female . there is only one quick...very quick female genitalia shot near the beginning , or " end " of the movie . since the movie begins with the " ending scene " and ends with the " opening scene " . the rape scene is violent , with graphic language . obviously actual penetration is achieved ( anal ) ...but none shown . not even a good boob shot . you " of course " see the male genitalia ( big deal ) ! movie is revenge driven...and that seems to be about it . does n't have a great script...may be good to the french...but , not to us standards . movie is in french with english subtitles .
pass on this one . the original was ok , but if you want great music , great dancing , awesome sets , truly celtic--even with the huge ego of michael flatley , who is , by the way an extraordinary talent , buy his show " feet of flames " totally toe-tapping awesome . this will be no disappointment like the so called " best of riverdance " it has no spanish dance , no spirituals , no hip-hop , no russian dance . all well and good for many . but feet of flames is totally irish & celtic , whichever you want to call it . emma killingbeck scots&irish to the cor
peter segal 's " anger management " is a film with nothing going for it . it is best described as boring , annoying , and devoid of laughs . mild-mannered dave buznik ( adam sandler ) is sent to anger management counseling after an unfortunate misunderstanding . he immediately develops a problematic relationship with buddy rydell ( jack nicholson ) , the self-help expert leading the sessions . as the two men spend more and more time together , buznik starts to wonder if his counselor is the one who should be undergoing counseling . " anger management " just does not get as much mileage out of its premise as it would like . it is essentially a one-joke film that wears out its welcome very quickly . sandler and nicholson are saddled with a script that fails to produce even a snicker . furthermore , the parade of cameos throughout the film add nothing to the story and just feel like a lame attempt to squeeze in as many recognizable faces as possible into the proceedings . truth be told , " anger management " is one of those projects that was green-lighted because of the talent involved and not because of its quality .
i really hate how all these exercise videos are repackaged and called something different . it 's damn confusing . at any rate , just be aware that if you buy " sleek physique " ( also called " slim physique " in different packaging ! ) from karen voight you are getting to same stuff from this dvd . shame
in the annals of criterion this has to be one of their most bloated , pointless offerings . this film is just ridiculously bad , not fun , just kind of depressing to see so much wasted effort on such a pathetic script . if you really want to watch 1960s willis o'brien-inspired stop motion animation watch anything by harryhausen and call it good . equinox works only as a curiosity or mystery scince theater 3000 fodder . if you want to see great low-budget southern california filmaking , watch " halloween "
i like air supply songs . this dvd is a big disappointment . sound quality could have been better
movie has a lot of cursing , and nudity as well . i was very disappointed because i thought the reviews made it sound like i could show it to high school students
robert groden suggests that the zapruder film of the kennedy assassination has been tampered with to cover up the real killers of kennedy . in my opinion , his " evidence " is shaky at best . groden has made a lucrative living off of proposing alternative theories of who " really " shot kennedy , and here he is in 2003 suggesting that there was a conspiracy to kill kennedy despite overwhelming evidence to the contrary presented by abc , cbs , and many books . groden needs to finally realize that the kennedy assassination has been solved definitively , and his continuation of conspiracy theories is clearly his lame and pathetic attempt to keep his money cash-cow alive . do n't draw a conclusion based on this dvd ! look at other sources listed below and then draw your conclusion :  1 . abc 's peter jennings presentation of the kennedy assassination ( available on amazon.com ) clearly shows that oswald was the one and only killer of jfk . 2 . cbs 's dan rather 's special program on the kennedy assassination ( available on cbs website ) also suggests that the preponderence of the evidence points to oswald as the lone killer . 3 . the book " case closed " , by gerald posner . he uses the physical evidence collected in dallas , logic , and his ability to see through the fallicies of the conspiracies to show that lee oswald is the lone assassin . 4 . the book " marina and lee " , by priscilla johnson mcmillian . this book shows that oswald was certainly capable of the assassination , and the circumstances of his life point to the conclusion that he killed kennedy . my advice is to watch this dvd first , and then look at the sources i list above , and then make an intelligent conclusion . if you are like me , you will see that groden really has nothing solid to stand on . jim " konedog " konedog , kennedy assassination stuudent
this is not about riverdance . this is about what this disc did to murder it . i popped it in , expecting to seemy favorite dance scenes ( while conveiniently skipping the singing ) , when all of a sudden i 'm at the finale . all i could say was " wtf ? ! " , " wth ? ! " , or words to that effect . this " superbit " edition cuts out half -- half -- of the scenes this performance had to offer , including ( but certainly notlimited to ) riverdance and trading taps . not only that , but ( unless the " high def " only works for high-end tvs ) the video quality is equal to my old vhs copy . i sincerely hope this problem only occurs on my copy , but i suggest to get a refund webpage ready , because the atrocious product i received royally screws this great perform up the ---
please do not waste your time or money on this much-hyped piece of trash . not only is harvey walden unconvincing in his role as drill sargeant , he lacks passion as is evident by the body language and expressions of the exercisers in the video . unlike other excercise gurus , he does not exercise with you , instead he stands on the sidelines and barks out commands . the production quality is very low budget . it looks like it was shot using a camcorder . the set is bland and melancholy , and there is no music ! all you hear is the loud marching of the feet of the exercisers , who display no enthusiasm at all . and , i for one , ca n't blame them . i only hope they got paid for what must have been an extremely painful project for them . i was never more bored in my life . walden 's cuing is off , and furthermore , it is difficult to follow an excercise instructor who does not do the moves with you . that 's just crazy . what was he thinking ? i have no words to describe how awful this video is . i wish i could give it 0 stars . do n't waste your money . please ! ! ! ! the other reviewers must be new to exercise because i ca n't understand how they could n't see that this video lacks what an experienced exerciser would expect . if you want a high-powered , energizing , effective calorie burning workout you will not like this video at all . you will be sorely disappointed for sure . instead try kathy smith 's peak fat burning or any one of her step workouts
the only thing worse than seeing this movie is the fact that it plays automatically all over again when it 's over . this is a glorified music video of horrible music . jim carey should not be on the cover of this movie either , as he is in about 15 to 20 % of the whole thing . they should have had whoever the musical artist was . i honestly do n't even know the plot of this movie , and i 'm not kidding . i laughed so hard out loud ... when i had to read the back of the dvd case to remember what it was supposed to be about . the sound ? they interlaced two songs ( one in your right speaker , one in your left ) that do n't even match . if you want an idea for a good movie , read the back of this dvd case , and follow that plot , as the director sure steered clear of it . alan thicke .. . i thought i knew ye ! oh , and i gave it one star only because i could n't find the " give me my money back " option . * * * edit * * * it 's currently selling at $ .16 in the used section . that says something right there . it 's almost tempting to buy to give to people . i go to a university out in okc , and we 've passed it around the dorm telling everyone " it 's the best movie ever ! it 's so funny ! " blah blah blah ... then , they get mad after they lose an hour of their life , but have no problem passing it around to others and doing the same to them
the acting was stiff and vapid , the filming was grainy and amateurish , the story was non-existent . a good rx for insomnia , this forgettable piece of rubbish has only one redeeming quality : seeing young jim carey trying to make the most of a boring script and insipid role
poor lindsay lohan - it seems between bad choices in films and even worse choices in real life , she may be about to destroy her career before it even takes off . as an actress , she is falling into some very rough waters where she is expected to carry films on her shoulders before she has even had a chance to mature in her craft . as a child actress , she was a natural fit for her spate of disney appearances , with freaky friday her crowning achievment . however , as a young adult , the pressure is much higher , as is the bar of success . and movies like this are not helping . but to be fair , one can not place the blame on ms. lohan . the fact is , she has already had a turn in a non-disney role which paid off exquisitely . mean girls offered us the first glimpse of lindsay in a post-disney world . the timing was on , the interaction with the cast was superb , and everything just fell into place . but then again , that film also benefitted from a knockout script by a knockout writer ( tina fey ) . just my luck has none of these things going for it . perhaps ironically , ms. lohan 's latest vehicle is quite an unlucky choice for her . we have a promising premise in the concept of a boy and girl with opposing luck . lohan is lucky , chris pine is not . inevitably through the courses of movie magic , we know that the two will end up trading places ( much like eddie murphy and dan akroyd once did in . . . what was the name of that movie again ? ) the only mystery for the viewer is whether this will occur through a wise old asian or a wise old gypsy . ( spoiler - it 's the gypsy ! ok , i know , i should n't be giving these things away ! ) like i said , we all know this is going to happen . what we did n't know was that it was going to take thirty-five minutes to get there ! so , we kill one full third of the movie being bombarded with example after example of lohan 's good luck and pine 's bad luck . by the time they make the switch , i had already lost interest and was planning my lunch . after the predictable bout of sudden bad luck , lohan learns that an ill-timed kiss with mr. pine was what caused the change of fortune . problem is , the kiss was at a masquerade party , and she does n't know whom she kissed . what follows is perhaps the film 's only somewhat enjoyable sequence as lohan tracks down and ambushes 20 strangers with sudden and embarassingly public kisses trying to get her luck back . sadly , this brief bright spot ends too quickly , and it is back to the formula as lohan and pine meet and fall in love anyway , not knowing that they are the ones who caused each other 's luck to change . if predictable hook-ups make you happy , you might find some charm in this final third of the film - that is if you can overlook the sudden need for lohan 's best friend to become a song-writer in what was obviously a " what do we do with the final act ? " tacked-on storyline with positively no set-up beforehand . the problem with this film is that it comes across as very " slapped-together " ( to borrow from mad tv , it was " just made in ten days ) . is the director to blame ? while donald petrie has a few hits to his name ( miss congenialty , grumpy old men , and mystic pizza ) he also has more than a few duds ( the associate , welcome to mooseport , my favorite martian ) . or perhaps it is the writing team ? to date , the two credited writers have yet to muster up a single true hit , and one gets the sense that a more competent writing team would have taken a better direction with the plot and have not wasted the obvious talent that ms. lohan does in fact possess . personally , i would have liked to have seen the producers take a risk and make lohan a much more loathsome character to begin with than she is . her character comes off as too nice to hate , and yet too shallow to root for . whoever is to blame , this is clearly a sub-par effort at best , and one i hope lindsay ( or her casting agent ) will learn from . with four movies coming down the pike , she still has a shot at transitioning into a much more serious career . i like that she has taken smaller ensemble roles recently ( such as prairie home companion and bobby ) . a very smart play on her part . let 's hope she can steer clear of just my luck roles for awhile
i liked this movie but i also did n't like it . the story line was very predictable . i saw a similar movie of true movies . the acting was fairly good . it does go to show how ignorant people are when it comes to rape.after watching this movie i realise why many rapes go unreported
every once in a while someone comes up with a movie and makes the terrible assumption that as long as they put a well known actor/actress in it that everything will turn out good . blue steel is one of those movies . jamie lee curtis plays a rookie cop who is being held responsible for civilian casualties ( or should i say murders ) which she did not commit . sounds like an interesting plot , right ? it would be had the script not been so poorly written . the supporting actors give such a bland/typical performance that not even jamie lee could have saved the dialogue . aside from the acting , the film does not give the action packed performance that it promises . some scenes are quite dull and as you are watching you wonder half way through the movie when the cop ( jamie lee ) is going to finally kill the psychopath whose been after her . so why do i give blue steel an extra star ? well , i 'll just say that if you are a fan of jamie lee curtis you might want to watch this if it comes on television . just do n't pay over $ 3 to rent it and certainly do n't buy it
this is just like an updated b movie from the sixties and i enjoyed it . it 's real comic book stuff . the effects are not bad , the pace hardly flags and the cast seem to be enjoying themselves so it 's easy viewing . i enjoyed this more than big budget films such as evolution or jurassic park 3 . but i think the absence of big names will put people off , not that it matters because the cast here do a fine job . and if big names do n't matter to you then you could do a lot worse than watch this
i love adam sandler . well , i used to love him , before he made eight crazy nights . not only was this cartoon not funny , it was downright trash . i would not recommend this " feature " to anyone . " eight crazy nights " was short on story , long on time , and wearing on patience . i kept watching in hopes that this cartoon would redeem itself ; i needed some justification for wasting the 2 hours of my life that i will never get back . needless to say , i stuck it out until the credits , and now i have to live with the facts that i : 1 . ) watched the movie ; and 2 . ) i 'll never get that time back . so now i sit here , typing away a review i doubt anyone will read , wasting more of my precious life on that ridiculous movie ! humbug ! watch " ishtar , " you 'll get more out of it . oh , and i only awarded one star because amazon insists you give everything at least one star . i did this under protest .
death tunnel began with promise . early in the movie we were treated to some unique visuals , wonderful music , and a good feel . them the actors opened their mouths and death tunnel fell apart . death tunnel is the story of 5 college girls who , seeking an initiation into a party clique , are picked into a hazing ceremony which leads them to an old hospital where white plague victims were slaughtered . the building holds much more than they suspect , including angry ( and dull ! ) ghosts . from here the madness ensues and the blood flows . death tunnel drags after the first 30 minutes , and holds few frights . the story gets dull once the girls are trapped , for nothing really happens other than 45 minutes of filming tricks . during this time we are tortured with an abundance of horrible acting ; some of the worst in an horror film i have seen this year . the acting leaves you scratching your head , wondering how any film studio will give a director/producer $ 2 million to make death tunnel and allow them to squander the money on junk talent . and in the end , that is what kills death tunnel : pitiful acting . the acting is scary , the movie is n't . run away from this stinker . run very , very far away and do n't look back . total score ( out of 100 ) = 18  11 ( out of 50 ) . enjoyment . a rating based on my overall enjoyment of the film . 0 ( out of 10 ) . acting . how good was the acting ? 2 ( out of 10 ) . immersion . did the movie suck me into the story ? 5 ( out of 10 ) . intangibles . special effects . movie pace . is the movie forgettable , or something you will talk about and remember for weeks ? years ? 0 ( out of 10 ) . must see . is this movie worth seeing/renting ? 0 ( out of 10 ) . must buy . is this movie a must buy/purchase
to enjoy citizen kane , you have to be able to answer the question above . i just hate almost everything about this film . i think it 's easy to create a hype how such a terrible film look great and deep . many people will fall for it . but it 's very hard to make a truly great film !
this is not a movie , in a classic sense . this is a set of interviews of dj 's &amp ; promoters . i 'm fine with that however the djs that participates are not the best representations of the electronic industry . where is paul oakenfold , paul van dyk , sasha , digweed , dave seaman , deep dish , dj dan... and countless other famous dj 's ? i understand that the budget might have been too small to invite one of those dj 's mentioned above for an interview or so ...but in this movie there are lots of dj 's that are not that well representative of an industry that 's becomming smaller and smaller . for your money 's worth , buy a breakbeat dance video where you will be more entretained than a documental wan na be. .
first off , let me say that this is a great collection of really bad sci-fi movies . the selection spans several sub-genres of the classic sci-fi age . you 've got gamera movies , hercules movies , outer space movies . the whole gamut . unfortunately , the sound is very bad and the movies are not closed captioned . as an individual with a hearing problem , the soundtrack was almost indecipherable due to the constant hum that permeates most of the transfers . the video is also problematic , but no where near as bad as the sound
bearing in mind that the 50 movie pack line is what it is , no-frills packages of public-domain films , i have to say that sci fi classics is not up to the level of mystery classics and horror classics , which i also own . i 've watched everything in the mystery and horror sets , and , while the latter is padded with flicks that properly belong in the former , i did n't feel cheated by either . moreover , some of the films included , such as detour , impact , bluebeard , and too late for tears , actually are classics of a sort , deserving of repeated viewings . only about 36 of the 50 films included in sci fi classics remotely qualify as science fiction or even as " sci fi " -- and the only " classics " among them are famous ( or infamous ) anti-masterpieces on the order of robot monster , teenagers from outer space , mesa of lost women , and santa claus conquers the martians ; the balance comprises sword-and-sandal strongman epics , e.g. , hercules and the tyrant of babylon , and jungle epics , e.g. , white pongo , queen of the amazons , and clyde beatty 's lost jungle . if you simply must have copies of low-budget programmers such as unknown world , horrors of spider island , and the incredible petrified world on hand for those occasions when the day the earth stood still does n't ring your chimes , you 'll like this package . otherwise , beware
kiefer sutherland stars in ` dead heat ' a crime drama in which the star of hit tv series ` 24 ' can show more tender side of the character than he is often associated with . he plays pally , 35-year-old boston cop who is forced to retire because of the heart problem , and his acting is very good . overall , however , there is not much that i can recommend in ` dead heat ' except some nice touch in showing the characters . the film tries to include as many things as possible , but few of them really materialize . the story looks rather like a familiar one . because of his early retirement , pally starts to drink , and even thinks of committing suicide . his relationship with his estranged wife charlotte ( rhada mitchell ) is not going well and he is not happy to know that she is now going out with someone else . but charlotte is also nice and caring , so she persuades pally 's brother ray ( anthony lapaglia ) to visit him . ray , who is accused of not being a law-abiding citizen by his too earnest brother , has a good plan to make money easily , and offers it to pally . it is about buying a racehorse cheap , he says , and it is an easy job because he happens to know that the horse , which has not win any races recently , is actually misdiagnosed , only suffering from a polyp a small operation can remove . when everything is going well , things get suddenly complicated because of a gambling-addicted jockey tony ( lothaire bluteau ) . from here , the story snowballs into blackmail , caper and even murder , but the film 's overall tone is always light , not taking itself very seriously . unfortunately , for all their effective acting from sutherland , lapaglia , mitchell , and bluteau , the weak and unsure direction totally fails to give momentum to the otherwise unremarkable film . it is not funny when it tries to make us funny , and it is not romantic when it tries to be romantic . feeble direction simply misses several good opportunities to make good use of the jockey 's sullen little daughter sam ( kay panabaker , her feature debut ) , who could have been a little surprise ( or gem ) in this unconvincing plot . it is true that kiefer sutherland shows in ` dead heat ' another side of acting talent , which is less eccentric and intense than most of the roles he had played , or he would play . that is good news , and the only good news here
delmer daves ' mediocre direction of the sequel to the equally pathetic film " the robe " starring richard burton . a totally contrived film that demonstrates no competence in either screenplay , direction , acting , or historical accuracy of any sort . avoid at all costs unless you 're expecting to see it as a comedy . compared to kubrik 's incredible direction for 'spartacus ' a few years later , the gladiatorial scenes in this film are second rate . even the low budget film 'barabas ' with anthony quinn had better direction than this worthless film . the screenplay is contrived , the script is worthless , and the acting utterly shallow from everyone on this film : at least 'the robe ' had richard burton . victor mature continues to act as if he just came out of a cocktail lounge after a few martinis too many . jay robinson continues his idiotic and ridiculous performance of caligula as if the character were a retarded bufoon instead of the diabolical genius of cruelty and perversion ( see hurt 's performance in the bbc 's 'i , claudius ' to see how a good actor handles this character . ) in short , reading the new testament or going to a church sermon is far more entertaining and historically faithful than watching this garbage film . just the fact that victor 'manure ' is in this film says it all . ignore this pathetic film and watch 'spartacus ' , 'barabas ' , or even the fantasized 'gladiator ' for some good gladiatorial films . as for biblical films , 'ben hur ' , 'the ten commandments ' or 'quo vadis ' are films that are worth watching much more than this putrid hollywood junk .
yeeouch ! think " i spit on your grave " with a very good art director . " audition " for the lolita set . if you feel kevin bacon got off too easy in " the woodsman , " or you enjoy sitting through entire " law and order : svu " marathons on tnt , this film has something for you . everyone else be advised to stay far , far away
why is this movie a classic ? the plot line was nonexistent , and the characters were completely unlikeable.the implication that annie hall was a lesbian did n't make any sense ! woody allen 's character was completely freeky and there was not a single purpose for him being there . come to think of it , there was no purpose for this movie ! ! ! ! ! ! so save yourself and never watch this film
" over done " is the best way to describe this over-the-top attempt to view gang life from the eye of a " stolen " video camera .
controversy courted the release of this film and people went to see it for the actual depictions of sex between the actors , thinking somehow it would be pornographic or titillating . but this film showed two desperate , middle-aged strangers ( with all their flaws abundantly clear ) meeting once a week for no-strings-attached encounters . the fact that the audience sees graphic moments adds only to the " desperate " , tawdry , pathetic feel of their relationship . naturally , one of the two of them becomes too curious and wants to know more about the other partner , one of the greatest pitfalls in the dangerous pursuit of anonymous encounters : sooner or later , anonymity is not good enough anymore .
believe dooby 's one ( zero ) star review . not even worth a free rental . not worth your precious time . you have been warned
i bought this dvd based on the review of it on the dvd drive in web site . either the person who reviewed it has never seen an exploitation movie before , or was not old enough to view one in the first place . he made it sound like the most graphic and disturbing prison movie ever . you would have thought it compared to the 'ilsa ' movies the way this guy went on about it . i 'm not sure what movie he saw , but it was n't this one . when the most extreme scene in the movie involves a person being shot at falling over bloodlessly like an old western , you have to wonder why exactly it merited an " unrated " version . i guess it 's worth it if you want to see naked women dancing around in a circle , but it you want to see a gritty violent movie , buy something else
ernest borgnine would be spinning in his grave if he were dead . there is absolutely nothing funny about this movie ! the actors should be embarrassed ! i could only stomach 25 minutes of viewing and it was about as funny as a viewing in a mortuary . i ca n't believe i paid $ 9.99 for this dvd . what a fool i was . learn from my mistake
the reason the original " iron chef " was such an awesome show was entirely due to the bad translation and over the top voice acting . therefore , without these elements , it becomes a pathetic charade of the original program . i was , at one time , a hardcore cult fan of " iron chef " because of the hilarious voice overs and true , foreign zest of chairman kaga and the gang . i really did n't care much for the cooking or whatever food was being prepared . the real heart of the show was the voiceovers and the mad , zesty zeal with which the japanese chefs went over something as inane as cooking . i loved " iron chef " in much the same way as i loved the original " mystery science theater 3000 . " they were both quirky tv cult shows that gave a certain sense of community among their hardcore fans . this new show really does n't cut it in any way , shape , or form . i 'm not being unpatriotic or anything , i 'm just saying why this new show is so weak . also , i noticed that once the translators of the original show started figuring out the show was a huge hit , they ruined their own voiceacting by being all self concious . the original few seasons of the first " iron chef " are where it 's at ! once again , i do n't watch this show for the cooking , i watch it for the odd , bizarre translations and cheesy voiceacting
do not confuse this with the real thing . i found teh vhs of this for $ 1 at a store near me . i was interested so i got it . i watch iron chef on the food network evey night , and this dosent even begin to hold a candle to it ! the one commentator is a failed comedian , and the other is a culinary half wit ! i never heard more ussless facts in a 90min span b4 in my life . the chefs in the first baattle were , for lack of a better term dissrespectful , i mean come on how are you gon na have a cell phone on you and answer it during a cooking battle ? ! ? they kept cutting away from the cooking to show interview clips with the chefs . the cooks were pretty good , they had a decent talent but we didnt get to see as much of it here as you do on the real show . there flour reporter keeps bugging them thru out the whole thing , asking questionspassed down from the dumb announcer.they kept tryign to play shatner off as a culinary genius but come on we all know that he is nothing but a medeocore actor....out side of star trek or wat ever he was on . the only you see shatner is when he is talking about clearly prewritten statements that sound kinda incoherant lol . all in all i give this 2 stars , and that purely gose ot the merit of the chefs , not to the shows them selfs . unless your a shatner fanatic , or sone won thats just kinnda like " its cooking , i 'll watch it " but be warned . its not as good as it could be . glad i only spen $ 1 on it bc its truely not worth more
you know , shrek 2 is the embarassment of american culture . what 's wrong with it you ask ? let 's see... too much slapstick humor , too many movie references , or parodies , and an unforgiving act of making fun of or parodying classic disney characters ! ! ! that 's just unbelievable , dreamworks ! disney animation has revolutionized the animation industry , and you just make fun of them . that 's a real shame . you should be thanking disney for all what animation offers nowadays . disney classics have heart , humor , and a beautiful story . shrek 2 lacks that . shrek 2 deserves to be taken away from everybody and stored in a government facility , never to be seen again ! !
when the lead character acts like she 's sleepwalking through the entire film , that 's distracting ! when just about anyone from my high school 's drama class could do a much better job while brushing their teeth , then it 's time to open up the wallet , and hire better talent . once you get past the special affects , all which use cheesy models , this godforsaken movie is boring as sin , or , should i say mud ! beside being preposterous , for example , the meteroid , or whatever , only hits a dam in its first strike , this pitiful film is also delusional ! remember the scene where the head of fema risks his life to save someone who is obviously in danger of being wiped out by fire . as hurricane katrinia proves , there is no such thing as a bureaucratic , administrator hero ! instead , this movie comes off as a piece of not-so-subtle federal government propaganda not worthy of a moment of your time
this dvd was horrible . i did n't know what to expect... but after the first 10 minutes i was thinking... is this it ? ! what 's going on ? where are they ? what am i watching ? after awhile i clued in that there would be no story and virtually no dialog or commentary... nothing . they do n't even tell you where they are ? ! it 's basically a 45 minute music video . and the music , although i like it , does n't fit with the footage at all . i really do n't understand the point of this project . i watched the first 20 minutes uninterrupted and then started fast forwarding . total waste of time and money . and i am a jack johnson fan
during a missing persons investigation , a cop [ samuel l. jackson ] gets kidnapped by a gang of thieves . meanwhile , an elaborate bank robbery is about to go down . of course , samuel does great as always , but the script and especially the very slow pace brings it down . what sounded like a good movie turned out to be a dissapointment . far from being the worst movie you can rent , but , it 's just not as good as it sounds . maybe next time , they wo n't take all day to get started
i started liking this movie , i thought the pinball metaphor and wild characters and lifes a cartoon shiz could have worked out , if it werent for the fact that bakshi is thinly disguising himself and his own frustration as being an unoriginal " underground " cartoonist who caught on to the scene too late...if you like the depressing , gritty , wild , fastpaced style of this movie , check out the original master robert crumb , toward whom bakshi is obviously seething with jealousy and riding anxiously on the coattails of...this is crap in noncomformity , and dont say i " didnt get it " , i just think hes being hugely self-indulgent and this whole thing is an homage gone awry , lacking the wit , psychedelia , and pornographic brillinace that crumb could create so effortlessly .
this film is one of the worst i 've ever seen . amatuerish in dialogue , acting , plot direction etc etc....sure it 's bubblegum for late at night but it 's really breathtakingly awful
i found this dvd to be very slow . there is only one workout on the tape and it is only 20 minutes long . most of this time is spent talking , not streching
this is the kind of morbid/vulger trash that warner brothers does now . with them it 's a show that is full of sex , graphic content , and a life style that is really damging to one 's mental and physical health . this show and it 's studio are no better then disney and their desperate housewives show that treats women like call girls . it 's all represents a hollywood that is out of control and completely gone off the edge . i condem them both
this director mistakes lame attempts at surrealism for art . artsy-fartsy disjointed and meaningless scenes leave the viewer benumbed and wondering what this movie is about . speaking russian is no help in discovering the point of this wan effort .
this has got to be the biggest stinker in denzel 's long movie career , just after the oscar winning philadelphia , he went on to star in this cult sci fi movie based on machines outsmarting mankind in a virtual reality game , russel crowe also stars in this very , and i mean very bad movie . but hey , if you 're a sci fi fan , watch this , but do n't expect high rated acting from any of the two big stars . on account , this movie did n't make any sufficent funds at the box office and was later labeled by the hollywood critic , the only movie with two lead star to not hit the box office . this low budget sleepy movie is n't worth watching , if you love sci fi , that outakes the life of machines aginst the human race , pick up a true 5 star hollywood material like , 'a.i ' , 'terminator ' 'i ' , 'ii ' , 'iii ' or will smith 's new movie , 'i , robot '
where to start with this bad movie ? as if the plot matters ( it does n't ) , the movie is about a woman and her sister who use hubbie 's computer to access chat rooms , etc , and witness online killings , and of course , see the killer in a sort of " eyes of laura mars " style . the two lead males are played by non-actor musicians roger daltrey and huey lewis . lead females are played by former actresses natassia kinsky and nicolette sheridan . the killer is played by a still-unknown actor . major problems :  1 . talking computers ( " electronic chronometer activated " ) . 2 . people talking to computers as they type . 3 . never making a typo even when typing at an awkward angle and not looking at the keys ( while talking to someone else ) . 4 . easy access to talking encrypted computer by using a microphone that you have to be an inch away from to use . and the computer selects only some of the words you say , as needed . 5 . really bad acting . 6 . un-sexy eroticism . 7 . over-technologized thoughout . it might seem tempting to " save " 5 bucks , but you 're wasting the other five dollars .
i am referring to the laser light dvd edition of this film , which promises the best digital transfer of the film . that is great , but they used the worst print anyone could concieve to transfer ! i taped this off of television awhile back and decided to buy a dvd version and this is 100 times worse than the version i taped myself on the slowest speed off of late night tv ! in reading other reviews it appears that there is a much better vhs version and i would recommend that over this . do not be fooled like i was with the fine condition of welles ' &quot ; the trial&quot ; by laser light or the pipe smoking picture packaging of this . this version of arkardin is a total waste of money
i thought this video was really going to encourage my toddler to use his potty but it did n't . this video has good songs and characters but it only has two short scenes where a puppet is using the potty . i was expecting a scene where the child can be taken step by step on how to use the potty . this video did n't do it , so i 'm still in the search of a video that really enphasizes potty trainning . todlers need visuals and actions , the bear on this video does more talking than actual actions
the award winning documentary freestyle , looks like something fresh , creative , and new from the exterior . i was psyched to purchase this dvd the minute i heard about it . what a let down ! first of all , how did freestyle achieve all of the acclaim and all of these film festival awards , secondly who picked it as a winner ? probably some cornball who is n't familiar with the culture or good off the dome mcing ? this documentary tries really hard to connect to the audience and present the validity of rhyming off the dome but falls completely flat . the film is n't balanced enough to a certain degree . what you basically have is nothing more than a bunch of tree huggin backpackers spitting nothing but junk and 10 syllable words off the top of their heads for a majority of the film . do n't get me wrong there are some credible scenes in freestyle with mos def , biggie , black thought , j.u.i.c.e , and the last poets....but not enough . freestyle tries to come off as some profound documentary but sheds very little light to the subject and the questions that many hip-hop heads have asked for years . why was n't the current trend of fake freestyles ( writtens coming off as freestyles ) addressed more ? why were n't more credible mc 's exposed and quality underground mc 's presented ? why is there a section entitled " written/freestyles " , what kind of oxymoron is that ? it makes no sense . why is there a section on freestyle djing ? ? ? what ? ? ? ! ! ! ? is n't that called turntabalism ? ? ? it seems as if they 're fishing for more topics that ultimately do n't have much of a direct relation to rhyming off the top . is there a freestyle graffiti section too ? ? ? freestlye continuously fails and derails itself off track from the key subject , the art of freestyling . at times it tries to be a hip hop 101 dvd . most of the people who will be purchasing the dvd are already familiar with hip hop 's roots in the south bronx . where is the quality freestyling at ? ultimately , " freestyle " is over-saturated with un-proven , extremely weak , amateur mc 's who need to focus more on spitting quality off the dome freestyles . they cover supernatural 's sorry a $ $ for almost half of the entire dvd , which is very unfortunate . i admire his creativity , but he sounds terrible . it 's no wonder why he ca n't get signed . he thinks his doo-doo does n't stink , because he 's studied the dictionary to help expand his vocabulary for freestyling , but yet he ca n't take the time to concentrate on getting out of the broom closet that he lives in . i thought that this film could have benefited from more footage of proven vets who can truly freestyle such as kool keith , tribe , big daddy kane , krs-1 , snoop , kurrupt , common , safir , likwit crew , redman , or anyone from hieroglyphics . these aforementioned artists can " really " freestyle . that would have faired much better than watching these tofu eatin , incense burnin , soy milk drinkin , poetry night geeks struggle to put words together . the eminem rap olympics footage from 1997 would have been great too . ultimately , if you are somewhat/vaguely familiar with hip-hop culture or a new fan of the underground scene , then you will love freestyle . if you consider your self a long-time fan of hip hop culture and familiar with the topic of freestyle rhyming then you will be somewhat disappointed , just like i was . if you want a quality hip hop dvd purchase check out " the mc " , " scratch " or " hip hop immortals " take my word for it . i 'm rating this with 2.5 stars mainly for the rare footage of artists such as kool moe dee , bahamadia , biggie smalls , the roots , craig g , and kool herc
fyi- this is the " retail-friendly " edited version of guys gone wild : heatstroke to show less raunchy material , making it acceptable at mainstream retailers . be sure to get " heatstroke " instead if you want the full uncensored version of this title
totally disappointed..whole series is a joke...should be call guys act stupid...amature editing and directing .
okay , i own a britney album or two . but the girl really let herself go... she should have stayed in school , instead of the mickey mouse club . or at least beauty school... or something , then she might have known that the hair she has now is hideous . i know i 'm not the only one who thinks she 's turing into trailer trash.. except , she 's got money . that hair ? her clothes ? and lets face it guys , she was putting on weight way before she got pregnant. . fashion senses aside.. she 's really more idiotic , that chaotic.. she 's got this princess in distress act that only her die hard fans ca n't see through. . i saw her in concert once , yeh i admit it . paid for me and a friend to go . was gon na go see the onyx hotel tour too , just because. . but when i saw it on showtime , i was so glad she canceled the tour and i got my money back . her vocals were horrible , and it was so bad when mtv picked it up and they were obviously doctored.. she has absolutely no talent whatsoever.. and her vision is incredibly lacking.. . her bland personality and complete naiivity and idiotic behavior makes itself evident in this show that is n't even bareable for a minute.. . i 'd rather drag myself through glitter , or madonna 's latest tour doc than sit through a single episode of idiotic . i 'm not a jessica simpson fan really. . but newlyweds was hillarious , i loved that show.. go for that instead of chaotic if you 're looking for something like that.. .  no doubt , however , if you are a britney fan... you 'll end up with this anyway.. the whole brainless lot of you . ( at least mariah fans can say their girl can sing.. and at least madonna fans can say their lady knows how to put on a fantastic show.. britney.. well , she used to be pretty .
this late keaton material - when the actor desperately needed funds - is so asinine and unoriginal you will writhe along with keaton rolling in his grave at this release . the cover art was so deceptive that i bought into the dvd collection being some obscure works from the silent era . nope . the producers of this release went to painstaking steps to conceal the nature of this material . it comes from keaton 's last gasp on the screen : skits so insanely stupid you will pity both keaton and yourself for buying this crap
i did n't find this dvd too bad to watch , but i would n't watch it again . it had tons of good artists but i dont wan na have to sit down and watch a whole bunch of interviews . i think this dvd needed a lot more action of rappers on the streets or somethin , just my opinion
i love asian movies . i like them because they tend to be more cerebral and less politically correct than the garbage coming out of hollywood these days . 2047 however , was the first asian movie that i failed to finish becaase of the sheer boredom of the plot . do n't get me wrong , the main actor ( clark gable look-alike ) is an excellent actor and the babes were gorgeous , but the movie itself imo is overrated . you can argue " art " all you want but if you like an endless stream of a playboy making girls sad it may be for you ( not my bag at all ) . i kept hoping the movie was over at several points only to realize..oh my god it 's not over ! boring
what 's all the fuss about . ms. hepburn does n't act . our leading man is plodding and mumbles half the time . eddie albert 's restraint is utterly-unbelievable . any two-bit paparazzi worth their weight in tin would have turned in those pictures for millions ! what is peck left with ? a long life of knowing he 's got a girl friend he ca n't touch , see , or speak with . i find this movie depressing . hepburn chooses the stifling life of a princess for the " honor " , instead of following the man she loves and running down that empty corridor screaming out his name as he walks out at the end , having chucked the whole royal kit-and-kabootle for her man . peck choose poverty instead of instant journalistic fame ? albert takes one for his buddy and is now stuck doing endless pin-up photos in his dank drab loft ? i mean really people . would you like to live with the staff at the palace ? endless " league of nations " speeches , and all the time wondering what the man of your dreams is doing ? i 'm sure she 'd face the fate of lady di trying to escape her monotonous life . and to think she may even risk marrying someone like prince charles , a stiff approved of by her entourage . depressing . peck is forever seeing what could have been as no one believes a word of what he says when he finally comes out with the truth on his deathbed . and the only source he has is the former pin-up photographer down the hall in the rest home , the one who constantly mutters at the ceiling , " my photos coulda been a contenda " while taking pictures of nurses with his 1950 pinhole camera , the one without film they let him keep for patient management sake . depressing . we should have heard a " wait " as peck walks out of the last frame . audrey running , her tiara falling to the marble floor , shoes flying off , holding her dress as the entire press corp chases after the both of them . they jump into the river again . eddie , knowing she 'd break , waits in a scooter and off they go into the roman sunset for a true roman holiday . but nooooooooooo.... .
this is without question the worst movie ever made . it makes " plan 9 from outer space " look like " 2001 " . roger ebert must be a genius . no one could " accidentally " make a movie this bad . i guess it 's a comedy - that is if you find the contents of a toilet funny
five gen-x yuppies ( yup , they 're old enough to be that now ) reunite for the funeral of one of their friends . what ensues is a parody of the big chill , complete with bad 80s music . then mysterious bugs that disintegrate in bright light start infesting them one by one , turning them into murderous zombies . so far , so eccentric , and the satire is sometimes very funny . the fx are so bargain-basement , however , and the plotting so loose , that the film loses direction and winds uup just going through the motions in the last half-hour after a rather promising set-up . zach galligan must have been really hungry for work when he chose to do this movie . the menu is basic , and the only extras are trailers for infested , anaconda , and the creature features series . i like the wit . now if only a bit more attention had been paid to the horror plot , and we might have something here
this product is way outdated for todays advanced technology . it is appropriate for crt tv 's but not for lcd 's . very disappointed ! !
i like sandler . i could n't even finish watching it . i purchased it , and actually took it out of the dvd player and broke it in half . the general public should be able to sue the actors and distributors when stuff like this is foisted upon us . truly horrible , not funny , taped together . they must have spent fifteen bucks filming this abortion
'the sword and the sorcerer ' released in '82 is a mixed bag of positive and negative . the negative : the production values are marginal , the picture quality overall dark and grainy . the dialogue does n't fair any better , it 's also dull and uninspired . as for the storyline , well i found it extremely uneven with some parts of the movie excruciatingly slow and others quite good . the positive : lee horsley is surprisingly engaging as the vagabound , warrior prince talon and kathleen beller is breathtaking as princess alana , she 's never looked better . the film is worth at least one watch just to see kathleen in her prime . there are also numerous other very lovely ladies ( such as anna bjorn ) in this production that will keep all the young male viewers interest peaked . cast includes ; richard moll , george maharis , richard lynch , simon mccorkindale and robert tessier , one of the great tough guys in film
except for the presence of kevin bacon , whom i like a lot , this would have been a real loser . there were so many things wrong . directed by paul glaser with no surprises , no depth of character , a too heavy-handed hollywood scenario . you knew what was coming a mile away . there was good cinematography and music , and kevin bacon is always appealing , but that 's the best i can say . oh , and the nun . she was pretty good too . the lead black man was also engaging ; the problem was really the script . too pat , and too many unbelievable things that screamed " hollywood " . like when the village burned down . they were ready to just up and leave where they 'd lived for generations . as if it takes generations to rebuild their houses . and there were no signs of the burned buildings during the basketball game . and bacon was supposed to climb this incredible mountain , get cut in the groin , then play basketball , all on a rotten knee . please
lately im getting bored with most of the movies that come out , ot it 's me that im losing the charm for watching movies... and it more into the first one.. .  i bought this one , 'cause i thought it was gon na be great . good critics , good reviews . i finally watched it . and i thought it was some slasher film . some kinda that... and i was totally wrong... some witch movie that i hated.. .  i could rate it less , but well i 'll give it a second chance tonight
i hate to be the dissenting voice here , but the boost is one of the most hilariously bad , cliched and over-the-top pictures i 've seen in a long while . it 's so silly it unintentionally wanders into john waters territory several times . the thing is , james woods acts like he 's on coke before his character starts doing coke , so when he actually starts the coke binge , the movie enters a hyperreal realm of ridiculousness . still , it has its moments , such as sean young falling down a flight of stairs and having a miscarriage , or woods explaining that cocaine " just takes your natural energy and amplifies it " . a good title would be " national lampoon 's cautionary cocaine tale of the 1980s "
this movie does a very good job of portaying an alcoholic that has not yet found the program of alcoholics anonymous . the aa meetings in this movie are packed with self centered selfish and restless , irrtable and discontented people who meet to share their misery . real aa meetings offer experience , strength and hope , and the solution to how an alcoholic can live happy lives without alcohol
when given good stories tobe hooper can be a good director.to bad this one is n't a very good story . this mess came out at the heigth of the " slasher " movie frenzy . but not wanting to be just a slasher movie they try to give us a monster also . the theme of 4 kids who,now hold on here,think it would be fun to spend the night in the funhouse at a traveling carnival . before you can say " please kill me " the " thing " is picking them off one by one . with only 4 teens in the funhouse you would think maybe some fleshing out of the teens would happen , but no , they just go for the tease scares and even at 90 mins . this bore last to long
antonio banderas plays a rich coffee magnate who is so stupid you ca n't believe he ever got wealthy when he 's running around giving money freely to a woman ( angelina jolie ) who lied to him from the moment they met . she did n't want him to be blinded by a pretty girl , so she sent a photo of the girl he was actually supposed to marry . well , we never get to see the pretty girl , because jolie must have killed her too . the only reason this woman is " hot " is because she 'll take her clothes off and have sex with anybody ( if you 've seen gia , you 'll know what i mean ) . neither she or banderas ( who is n't a very good actor either and seems intent on overembellishing his accent ) have any chemistry , and you wonder what he keeps forgiving her for when he catches up to her . my guess ? the age old weakness most straight guys have for bad girls in bed , and all the sex in this movie gets old fast . it 's so stupid , because nobody has interludes like that unless they 're shooting a blue movie . the only blue here is the shade you will turn by the boredom with the weak plot . you can see right through this silly waste of two hours you 'll never get back : this adaptation from waltz into darkness was remade especially for the purpose of exploiting two celebrities with highly sensual images and nothing more . this movie is as bad as showgirls and one star less than beyond the valley of the dolls , because at least beyond is badly funny in an entertaining way . not only is their relationship devoid of any true sense of love , but you also get this overwhelming desire to see creepy , unconvincing billy ( played horribly by thomas jane ) get the girl . billy ? what a stupid name for a bad guy , but i guess it would n't make a difference even if his name was ralph or percival . early on in the movie , the so-called beauty julia/bonnie/i forget what else--wants to see a really bad theater group , and a friend of theirs comments on what a cheap mellowdrama is being presented . my thoughts about original sin exactly . the plot is stupid , and the dialogue is so bad it 's over the top . in the end , the movie makes absolutely no sense , and you wish you would get a payoff , but you do n't . the rat poison does n't do its job , and neither does the executioner . all i really am sure of is that , with all the rape scenes that jolie 's horrible character seems to enjoy and her portrayal of a woman who 's asking for it constantly , that women should find this movie grossly offensive and degrading to our gender , and i 'm not even a feminist ! as for studmuffin banderas ? he really has no business in front of a camera because his acting scope is on par with the little boy who was in problem child with john ritter . however , he is a good director ( crazy in alabama ) . heed my advice and avoid original sin ; the two hours you waste on it will be unforgivable .
can someone please tell me where to get the re-mastered dvd version of this film with chinese audio and english subtitles ? the recent hong kong legends release is crazy : chinese audio , or english audio , but no english subtitles ! i have the original chinese language/english subtitled ( the subtitles are imbedded ) version of this movie on a universe vcd and , based on the merits of its available chinese audio/english subtitles alone , it is a better movie--by magnitudes--than the one ( s ) commercially available to the ( hapless ) u.s. market . the english dubbing on this dvd , even though well synchronized with the actors ' lips , takes so much away from the film nevertheless , especially its " chinese-ness , " which is a major reason i enjoy this movie genre . take , for example , the scene where our hero first returns to jing woo school after learning of his master 's death and sees first senior fight a challenge match with a visiting master . after handily defeating the challenger , first senior actually saves face for the beaten master which the english soundtrack completely ( and deplorably ) misses . also , at the very end of the u.s. release film , chen says he is going back to his japanese girlfriend . in the original , hong kong release , he actually goes off to fight the japanese with the resistance movement . between these two examples , there are many such , gross audio mis-cues ; enough , at least , to take three stars away from an otherwise five-star martial arts film : the best of jet li 's filmography , and perhaps the best of the " modern " martial arts genre , period . the same criticism holds true for jet li 's the tai chi master ( released in the u.s. as the english-dubbed twin warriors ) . it 's an english soundtrack superimposed over a chinese movie , often stripping the film of its unique cultural content/identity/nuance , forcing the film through an american " knock-down-shoot-'em-up " template and reducing the potential for mental ( as opposed to strictly visceral ) enjoyment to a pitiful minimum . we end up with a film typically devoid of humor , character development and silver screen " intimacy , " a film precariously out of balance with , and far flung from , its careful directorial intent . if you value the full content--visible and audible--of chinese martial arts films , but lack facility in the host language , then the next best thing is a well-subtitled , original language version . and this release clearly is not that--by a long , long , long shot .
this film itself deserves 4 stars at least . im givin this s * * * a one cause its a f * * * * * bootleg . i tried to play it in 3 different dvd players to include an x-box and it would not play . then when i finally got it to play , it looks like one of those copies that got transfered from tape to disk and it looks and sounds like s * * * . if your into purchasing s * * * like that then i guess this is for you . i advise you to cop this movie somewhere else
i just finished re-reading the book ; it is a masterpiece . i wish i could say the same for the bbc series . for one , the musical score is either absent or irritating . so much of what is compeling in the book goes on inside of the characters . how about voice-overs or something else ( music ? ) ? let the audience in on the torment and conflict of raskolnikov ( the main character ) and interplay of the characters that is so powerful in the book . what i saw was an acceptable theatrical production on film . i 've written much more but it 's unfortunately been truncated . simply read the book instead or view this and know that this pales before the book . this is a dreary protrayal .
i thought that this movie would be pretty interesting . the previews for it made it seem like it was funny . i however found it very boring in parts and sort of stupid . the charactors were either over the top or fall asleep dull with very little middle ground . also the running time was too long , it says it was just a little over 2 hours , but to me it felt like much more
this is [ ... ] . i suppose anybody who 'd hire adam sandler and/or tea leone lacks the ability to create anything that we who are descended from cro magnon man could watch . i lasted 20 minutes . the " jokes " are older than me , and they were n't funny when they were born . there is a world that exists nowhere except in american tv and film . it 's an ugly place where nobody acts human , preferring to cling to stale stereotypes . a place where writers without talent set their stories . a place they grew up watching on american tv and in films , thus perpetuating the vicious cycle . this film is set in that world . no human being has ever been to this place , because it only exists in the minds of hacks . from the writer and director who brought us broadcast news , which i reviewed recently . it , too , was in the pretend world , but that was okay because it was a film about a tv show and it had a bit of wit and perception . this has none of either . it 's a damn shame this is the only way cloris leachman can get work .
when danny devito 's plays larry garfield he is like taxi 's louie de palma of wall street
teenagers plan a mock crime for kicks on the same day criminals knock off a bank for real and their paths cross . i can understand implying that two ex-cons have or had a homosexual relationship but to lace an entire movie with cheap double-entendre and to stoop so low as to give a lead male character a female first name is a trifle ridiculous ( ok , director we 'get it ' all men are secretly gay ! you made your point , move on ! ) i ca n't even imagine that a person of same gender orientation could possibly find this film the least bit interesting much less stimulating . ( for an intelligent crime caper with a same-sex subplot see &quot ; bound&quot ; ) since this movie is supposed to take place in wisconsin they give the locals a southern accent . an absolute bore
people that love this series are misguided at best...it sucks . i mean completely stinks . i will be putting set on ebay . i love the avengers , the prisoner...and especially ! ! ! secret agent and danger man . this stuff is brit tv at it 's finest . i also like monty python and the chronicles of narnia...so a brit-hater i 'm not . this series has the most horrific acting , garbage visuals , missing story lines , etc
this is a terrible missues of one of asimovs greatest novels . the relevance to the novel is only marginal . will smith is ( as usual ) doing a terrible job at being an action hero . he should have stayed with the sit-coms
date movie should be shown non-stop to all captured al qaeda prisoners - only mass-murdering terrorists deserve the kind of cruel and unusual punishment this film dishes out from start to finish . let me be perfectly clear about this : date movie may be the worst movie ever made ; it 's certainly the worst comedy ever even conceived of . you may cry , you may scream , you may even go insane at the infinite stupidity of this film , but you will not laugh or grin or even smirk at the abysmal antics on display here - not once . it does n't matter if you get any of the jokes or recognize all of the films and other things being spoofed because this movie thoroughly blows chunks . the only thing i got out of this movie was an awful headache . if you ask me , everyone associated with this film should be banned from the entertainment industry for at least ten years - if not for life . had the first fish who ever crawled out of the water known that millions of years of evolution would give birth to date movie , he would have stayed in the ocean . whatever happened to that sweet and charming girl we came to know during the first couple of years of buffy the vampire slayer ? why and how did it ever come to this : alyson hannigan humiliating herself in such raunchy , tasteless , unoriginal drivel ? she can still light up the screen with that smile of hers , and she certainly put a lot into her performance , but i 'm embarrassed for her here . she plays an overweight , very disgusting waitress from a mixed family ( boy , is it mixed ) who is desperate to find her prince charming . after convincing hitch ( tony cox ) to help her find love , she 's given a complete overhaul ( literally ) , plunked down into a reality dating show , and actually finds a man . we watch them go through the dating stage , the meet the in-laws stage , and the wedding stage , encountering a number of obstacles to their future happiness . really , though , the story is unimportant ; all the script cares about are stereotypes , clich    s , toilet humor , and things that make you go yuck . there 's no joke too hackneyed , no visual too disgusting , and no dialogue too stupid to throw in the mix . i 'm generally a fan of dumb comedies and ridiculous spoofs , but this mess does n't even qualify for the genre . date movie is so utterly atrocious that you ca n't even laugh at it . it 's a complete and utter failure in every way possible
date movie is from two of the six writers of scary movie , apparently they chose the two worst because the movie fails to generate laughter . a few chuckles here and there but that 's all . date movie is a spoof of romantic comedies . simply that idea sounds good right ? the writers had alot to work with , but they failed miserably . alyson hannigan plays the main character , julia jones . personally , not a big fan of her comedy . now , eddie griffin , jennifer coolidge and fred willard can be quite hilarious but none of that is portrayed in this flop . this might be enjoyed by some , but only a few . for me , a big comedy fan , it was pretty bad in general . i actually watched it at the theaters and , my friends , it was the biggest waste of ten dollars in my life ! it is now out on dvd and someone will have to pay me to watch it again...ok maybe not pay me but at least pay for the movie . one measly star *
do n't get me wrong : i 'm a fierce anti-communist . but the stupidity of this movie is just unbearable . all the american clichs about russians and ussr are reunited here , and it should be studied at school as an example of gross caricature . the ridiculous russian language imitations , the dissenters presented as " freedom soldiers " , whereas a child knows today they never used violence as a mean to achieve their goals , the jews presented as traitors ( the scientist 's wife looks like ethel rosenberg ) the idea of stealing so easily such a weapon , the reaction of secretary general ( and not premier ) , to send another firefox , whereas he could just use this incident to accuse the united states of stealing.. . if you should see an intelligent cold war movie , check out white nights ( it 's a shame it is n't on dvd yet ) or the 7th protocol , far more intelligent than this gross , highly unprobable childish parody . the chase " star wars like " scene is way too long and looks dated today . clint eastwood , shame on you
i have seen other pokemon movies , but this was the worst . the plot was bad and it did not have that many pokemon as i thought.and mew does not fit in the story when it is about lucario
watching this movie , i am struck by how effectively they can take one of the most interesting and exciting stories possible , and make it drag out on the screen . the disappointment at the pacing of such great subject matter holds no bounds . watching this moving is almost embarassing knowing how good this could and should be , and how poor direction , and what seems like a script which does injustice to pacing and drama can wreck what should be greatness . i wo n't even go into historical inaccuracies , or the completely ridiculous cover art showing a modern beretta as the pistol sidearm 40 years too early . makes me wonder if this movie was crafted with apathy towards the subject , the audience and history instead of respect
every minute characters in this series try to remind you of some plot point as if you 're a short-attention span coach potatoe . ehhh , ah yes , you are . well , watch this and your life will pass by quicklier than already does . two or three nice ideas , the rest is very superficial and underutilized . probably there was an exec there that keeped destroying the good work of other people . what i would do with a tenth of the budget of this misfire !
some juvenile delinquent girl gets in trouble with the cops , she 's sent to gymnastics camp ( she used to be a sickeningly famous gymnast before she became a worthless slacker ) . she thinks everything and everyone is really really stupid , she does nothing but argue with everyone all the time , it 's all her parents fault of course because she 's perfect , her dialogue consists of nothing but smart-aleck remarks that she says in that " oh so cute " way that fans of lizzie mcguire may find clever...good grief . this is just beyond unwatchable . even worse is the fact that the lead actress is 24 years old , and yet her and everyone else in the whole movie act like a bunch of narcissistic 12 year olds ; it just grates on your nerves until you 're about ready to shove the dvd through the paper shredder .
i saw this on tv the other night and had to switch channels halfway . worst film ever , i dont care if this did'nt help you , this film p ! ssed me off so much that i had to write a hateful review . how is it meant to be entertainin
i am a yoga instructor and i bought this dvd hoping to gain insights to teach to beginning students . this dvd is not a real yoga session and the word yoga should not even be in the title ! what i did see was a woman who was very flexible , quite possibly a dancer , doing a workout routine that incorporated some yoga movements . in most of the movements she taught , this instructor was hyperextended and moving in very fast repetitive motion . pass this one up !
i remember taking a minute of my time to watch this dung when it premiered a couple years back , and lets just say i find watching something download more than this . i swear i hate preps the most in this country . yesterday i was at the mall going to the ( unspecified phone company ) lot to cancel my vonage service ( vonage... sucks... a-s-s... do not listen to what they say on tv ! i ca n't begin to describe how horrible vonage is ! ) , but to get there i had to venture through the worst part of the mall . as i carried the phone bill , i crept past the k-swiss windows without a peep . i then leaped from fake palm tree to fake palm tree infront of the abercrombie & fitch store , which was infested with teen girls and their sell-out boy friends that think wearing pink is " hot " . i then slid down a railing and fell a couple feet short of the jamba juice stand . i picked myself up with my remaining strength and threw the smoke bomb i had in my pocket infront me , thus disappearing from the mindless zombies drinking their elixir with the ever-horrendous down 4 life playing in the background . squash 'n ' squeak below me speaks only the truth ! listen to him too ! it may be hard for you 3-5 star reviewers to accept the fact but then again you ca n't handle it anyways . come to your friggen senses and stop wasting you money on this garbage . it 's enough acting like you do already , but then you go and spend money on this litter to watch other people act like you do ! god damn
the last time i saw the names " adam goldberg " and " giovanni ribisi " together , they were two american soldiers who perished while trying to save a certain private ryan . goldberg co-wrote and directed this contemporary psychological drama that has all the ingredients for a great finale but gets left in the oven too long . at times towards the end i was thinking it could have been something perhaps similar to " memento " or something of that nature . what this film gives you is a plethora of cross analyzing ideas meshed with real time parallels , that ultimately bogs down in a mosh of messy execution . some of the biggest points and profound themes that it spends so much time getting to in a bizarre and confusingly intricate way are so simplistic they leave you yawning . despite a stellar cast that besides rabisi also features jason lee , christina ricci , vince vaughn , haylie duff and elvis costello , it gets to far out of the main points of what it is trying to convey . rabisi stars as gray evans , a movie star actor who is having marital trouble . gray starts thinking amid his days of working on the set , going through fan email , and getting bugged by people , that a fan is stalking him . relentless in his obsession of this belief , he starts obsessing about others around him . great ideas here but then the film basically spends too much time zigzagging around to all the different characters and locales . we understand that gray seems to have a connection with a film grad who is also a fan and is suspected by him at one time , of being the stalker , but by the time 100 minutes roles by it gets to the point of not caring . the ideas are there , i just feel it was a bit over ambitious in the portrayal of it all . the sections that are supposed to be psychological really come off more like psycho confusing , and the parts that are to be rewarding in tying up loose ends towards the films finish end up falling flat . if you like independent films , or want to try something different , by all means give it a try . i do n't see it as being something i would watch again , or have in my collection for killing time on a sunday afternoon with
for the idiot that wrote that day 1 for fifty was in 2003....stay in da south..ur abviously dont know that fifty has been on the seen since 98 u idoit . ur a fake rap fan and u should know ya history instead of talking on curtis jackson....2003..what a douche bag.......... .
the show is not so funny it repeats itself and it has too much music , dancing and intros for my favour . watch instead mad t.v . or the chapelle show
when i first saw this cheezy flick at a summer midnight madness film festival twenty-some years ago,i honestly thought it was a joke.i mean,the young people in this 1938 b/w film almost make ward and june cleaver look cool.1938,is this right ? the three stooges were still new at that time.if parents truly wish for their off-spring to avoid blowing weed,they may not want to choose to show them this dvd.it 's so hard to take seriously.thank goodness there are n't any 'extra features ' here.i do n't think i could 've taken it.'reefer.. . ' does have a sole purpose,to watch maybe every two years after dark when there is n't any thing good on tv
flightplan , or " flightpanned " is implausible posturing and shrieking . its total disregard for facts adds foolishness to tediousness . you know where the movie is going within 20 minutes and just like a real plane flight , you spend the rest of the time waiting for it to end . it is a wretched mess
most of the characters in this movie are great , the scenes , the costumes and everything but i did n't like the outcome of the story . . i felt daniel changed somewhat after discovering his past and i could n't understand his abandonment of his former love in order to persue a life with that new girl . to be honest i never liked gwendolyn 's character at all , she was selfish , self centered and annoying , yet towards the end i felt very sorry for her , after all she 'd gone through for daniel and he seemed to have just forgotten all that which happened between them . it 's just what you expect once you discover the jewish factor involved .
despite the mixed reviews the critics and other viewers may have given this movie , this is really pretty sick stuff , with little or no redeeming social context . objectively , sick just is n't erotic , no matter how hard one may try to rationalize to make it so . those who think differently really ought to either : ( a ) focus a little more ; ( b ) examine their true motives ; or ( c ) get a life
how i made it through this poorly executed , poorly written sequel , i have no idea . catherine 's in trouble again and people she meets are dying . who 's the murderer , catherine , the shrink who lusts over her , or the cop who 's so eager to toss her into the clink and throw away the key ? catherine certainly gets around : she manages to befriend the most unlikely of people , all associates or ex-wives or enemies of the shrink , and most of them end up dead . is she trying to drive the shrink nuts , or does she plan to kill him ? this movie makes little sense : it does n't thrill or tantalize . and it offers sharon stone in an unflattering light , as a cold seductress with little to offer but mindless sex . but then that seems to be her best role , does n't it ? it does n't work this time around , and the only realism is in stone 's sneer : it looked all too natural
from a big jt , brit , and x-tina fan : this dvd is soooo disappointing . the dvd is comprised of whole episodes of mmc- and very little of the episodes has britney , justin , or christina featured . there is only one song where brit and justin sing ( a duet ) , and only one where christina sings . other than that , all they basically show are lame " hometown profiles " which last about 60 seconds each . you get better content from a " behind the music " or " driven " episode . there 's even some really heavy stuff about teens committing suicide that has absolutely nothing to do with britney , justin , or christina . lame , lame , lame , and disappointing . i think the total on-screen time of real content is about 12 minutes . save your money
they should stop milking it with crappy film franchises like the texas chainsaw massacre . this series should have been killed off by now . the first was not even worth watching ! stay away from this whole movie series
being a texas chainsaw fan i of course picked this one up . it has 2 big stars in it , and was directed by one of the writers of the original . i 'm not sure what they were going for in this one . is it a horror , a sick comedy ? it is all over the place . what is worse is that they made leatherface a wimpy crossdresser . the ending leaves you scratching your head . mathew and renee do their best with the material
this is my vote for 3rd worst movie ever made . its dumb , theres no violence hardly , no blood and i actually got a headache from renee [ now i look chinese ] zelwack-broad screaming for 90minutes and watching how bad the acting is . this is like a drug that doesnt work and now i want my 3 dollars and 90minutes of my life back .
qd3 has put out some good product before but thid dvd is kind of weak . the roxanne battles , epmd , krs&nelly , canibus&ll , and ice cube vs cyprus hill was dope but the dvd feels incomplete . the grandmaster caz vs . the sugarhill gang beef that can be found in the extras should have been in the main movie . i would love to hear big ban hank try to refute what caz says . the royce/d12 beef was obviously a replacement for the eminem/source beef and word is the source punked them out of using the footage . buy this used or at a discount but it 's not worth the full pric
in my humble opinion , the real stars of this sorry sequal were the cars , e.g . the corvair , buscemi 's caddy and cuervo 's 1959 buick . how often do you get to see a '59 buick , either in the movies or in real life
this film had a few laughs but was pretty run of the mill . pauley shore pretty much did the same role over&over but this film had a alright charm to it for a few minutes . i saw it again recently after some years&it had the same vibe to me then as now
i do n't agree with anyone who thinks this season is awesome . most of the skits are only 15 minutes in length . once again cheap fox wo n't buy the music rights . there is sections ( i think ) that have been either doctored or just cut out . you 'll be watching an episode and you 'll see the screen mismatch up for a brief moment . you 'll think it 's your eyes but it 's not . thank you fox for butchering all of the seasons of in living color . even though my review is n't that great i still believe that in living color was and is one of the best sketch comedy series on t.v . so they 're all still worth buying
i really dont understand how people find this show funny . maybe back in the day it was something hot , but now its not
yul brynner stalks about like he 's in westworld , acting super-tough , smoking every chance he gets . steve mcqueen , as always , is terrible . as for the rest of the " 7 " , their acting is atrocious to non-existent . only eli wallach walks away unscathed . yet if these things are irritating , it is the blatantly sexist and racist undertones to the entire affair that just make it heinous . yul brynner actually says that he " might " rape the women of the town in one scene sarcastically . amazing this could have ever been construed as being " tough " . it 's just ridiculous , and these distinctions are what sepeartes this pathetic remake from the masterpiece it shames . but i 'll give it one extra star for being relatively well staged and directed .
not as good as the first one and pretty forgetable....it has none of the " living comic book " charm that i loved in the first one . that and there are only three stories and more animation . only the blob in the water one was worth watching . if you see it , watch for the joint that the blonde guy pulls out of nowhere after swimming to the raft in a speedo ! funny . romero and king seemed to not be as enthused as they were when making the first one . i just didnt like it...skip it and get the first one
3 short films ? ! ? ! ? thats it ? ? i feel severly ripped off even after i picked this up used ! it feels like the skits that didnt make creephow 1 were mushed together onto this . chief wooden head isnt scary at all . if you think that is scary , you are easily frightened . the raft is defiantely the best on here by far . that blob thing does creep me out i shall admit . especially the ending to it ! ! the hitchhiker is so stupid i felt moronic for viewing this . there is nothing scary or funny about a bloody zombie that says " thanks for the ride lady " over and over . i just want to know why anchor bay released a stellar edition if this heap of scrap when they could have done creepshow 1 instead . that one is better . two stars for " the raft "  if only they all held up like that story. .
well if this movie had a story then i must have missed it because there is none no matter how you look at it . they do n't even fully play the 9 songs and the sex scenes are pornographic that 's true but it would have made sense if they were within some kind of context and no there is nothing shocking ( as one of the reviewer declared ) about 2 people having sex . i do n't recommend it
their music is great , the videos are n't the most amazing thing i 've ever seen . i listen to the b-boys quite a bit , but i do n't find a video dvd to have much replay value
this line , spoken by julie christie to dirk bogarde in " darling " just about sums up my feelings towards this movie . although i am halfway done with this movie i think this is one of the most boring films i have ever seen and i am stopping this movie when it gets to the scene where christie looks at herself in the mirror as she removes her clothing . i am done with this movie ( believe it or not ) and it only got worse : christie 's character diana scott marries an italian man who hello , is old enough to be father ! and oh yes , he 's an aging prince ( in what had to be a ripoff of what happened to grace kelly and what would happen to jacqueline kennedy and the announcer in the newsreel that calls her " princess diana " almost made me laugh ) . that nearly made me grab a gun and shoot my tv ( a la elvis presley ) considering that this is the same setup that occurs in " georgy girl " and that is spoiled british girl living in swinging england marries older man ( three words : anna nicole smith ) . also , i would like to know what are these reviewers smoking in saying that christie deserved the oscar for best actress ? she did n't at all because it should ( and i mean should ) of gone to julie andrews for " the sound of music " ( my pick for the best movie of the 1960 's ) because not only did she overtake her performance of " mary poppins , " for which she won the oscar , she pulverized every performance by a female that year including christie . and there 's a problem with the academy : they ca n't seem to pull the trigger in giving back-to-back oscars to the same person . i 'm not alone in this arugment : in danny perry 's book " alternate oscars " he picks andrews for best actress of 1965 and states that the reason why the ampas gave the oscar to christie was not because it was 'the british invasion, ' but they saw it as a way to give an oscar to christie 's other film " doctor zhivago " which was t.s.o.m . 's rival and added to the fact that " zhivago " had no acting nominations . there 's another oscar problem : they do n't know when to be hip . also , does it seem like dirk bogarde and lawrence harvey were the two worst actors in film history ? because it seems to me that every movie that i have seen with them are bad ; weather it was this movie , or " the manchurian candidate " with harvey , or " modesty blaise " with bogarde . in conclusion , i think some moviegoers should change their mind about buying this movie because this has to be the worst performance ever to win an oscar . or as what bogarde said to christie : ( a fitting way to close this review since that i end where it begins ) " i do n't take taxis that are filled with whores !
if you own or have watched " the blue planet " series... you 're going to recognize all of the footage . why ? because you 've already seen it . except this time it 's going to be without the informative narrative . for those of you who just want to watch a nature movie with very little talking... then i guess this is for you . the only reason i 'm giving this two stars is because the ( reused ) footage is incredible . i do n't particularly appreciate being misled by the advertising.. . i was expecting something new , not the recycled and repackaged presentation i got
i did n't think of it much as a movie as i did a porn frenzy . i 'm very much interested in history and also psychology and neither was apparent to me in this movie other than we know caligula was nuts . otherwise , then i guess so was all of the roman empire . i simply can not believe one stroll down the streets would produce such frenzy . it was stupid , simple and as soon as it was done i immediately threw it out . not for the faint of heart . not for the sophisticated either . or anywhere in between .
this is the most tedious , unfunny , overrated movie of all time . it 's interesting that this is from the same man who produced spaceballs , which was actually rather humorous ( though also quite tedious at times ) . i 'll always be at a loss to understand why people think it 's so funny . his utter lack of subtlety is terrible to behold
...has a pretty thin plot . ice/'cave ' man is thawed out by " rudy " ( sean astin ) and ( ass ) pauly shore [ who 's ( bogus ) 'west coast surfer rap ' has grown pretty lame by now ] . brendan fraser is likable in this yet another attempt at pro-evolutionist b.s.. .
on the surface this film is a pretty good courtroom drama . underneath , however , the director seems to have a couple of other themes going . one thing that stood out to me is that the film is full of people who are " caught between a rock and a hard place " . right from the start , where childers has to choose between following the rules of war or saving his best friend . he has a similar choice on the wall in yemin - fire into the crowd or let the attack on his people continue . i think he knew at that moment that his career was in the crapper . jones ' character said as much during the trial : " whatever happens here , this man will never command marines again " . the " bad guy " national security advisor was in a bind : do what is best for america 's interests or back up the colonel ? the ambassador had to make a hard choice : lie on the stand or lose his job , his status , his reputation ? even his wife had to decide whether to tell the truth or stand behind her husband 's story . biggs , the prosecutor , got caught up in it - he started out with the intent to prosecute what he was convinced was a legitimate case , then got tossed a 'hot potato ' by the nsa right in open court . childers ' second-in-command , captain lee , had to decide whether to tell the truth or back his colonel . and so on . the court-martial itself seems to pit logic against emotion ( shades of star trek ! ) . the differences are clearest in the closing arguements - biggs is the joe friday " just the facts " type ; he presents the panel with a. this happened , then b this happened , and so on . hayes ' whole arguement is based on emotion - and then , finally , the jury is left with yet another hard decision . i found the movie very interesting in terms of what is going on with the characters - a lot of films are like this , if you look a little deeper , there 's more there than the surface story .
first off i do not dislike adam sandler , i rather enjoy some of his raunchy antics on film , not so much because i like raunchy antics , but because of the underlying message . adam sandler really does have a good heart and his films always show this . you can scoff at his bathroom jokes and spitting , farting etc , but he does that to satisfy his fans who paid money to see him , he is loyal to his fans and to his friends . ever notice how he always gives jobs to rob schneider and dana carvey ? no one else does , that 's a good friend , also his good old fashioned small town morals always win out of the rich , evil fat cats who try to squeeze him in his films . he never sinks to there level either , perhaps that is why ecn was such a creepy , deeply disturbing film , i can not , in recent memory recall a more unpleasant time at the movies,what was he thinking ? early on in the film his character , a drunken loser , belches very loudly in a chinese restaurant " ok i go take shower now " says chinese waiter . i wanted to take a shower too , very soon after that scene . for starters mr. sandler seems to think he is a voice over man , he is not . his idea of a character voice is to squeak his lines out in a nearly impossible to understand whiny nasal twang that is not unlike running a nail down a chalkboard . one can barely understand he is trying to do a character , and he barely is . also he is the voice of at least four of his characters , he is equally bad in each . perhaps the most confusing and depressing is the old white heard man who lives with his sister in a little old house , he wants desperately to win a patch saying he is the town good guy or something , he coaches the kids basketball team , he has been for years , and apparently does not work except to do crappy jobs for no pay so people can ignore and not appreciate him , he is simply there to be lovable , and put upon , he is slightly less subtle then a pie in the face ( as is the so-called humor here ) . the script calls for sandlers character to be a total jerk for no other reason other then to be redeemed at the end , there is no real motivation for his bazaar , cruel and badly aimed antics other then the screenplay calls for them . he starts off the film by driving a snowmobile drunk and smashing two ice sculptures , a menorah and a christmas thing , i forget what it was . he is a repeat offender so his sentence will be a harsh one , but along comes old squeaky voice to offer the judge a chance to give him a reduced sentence , he lets him coach basketball with him in lue of time in the clink , i can just see the road runner and bugs bunny rolling there eyes and shaking there heads , surly , even in a cartoon there is some sort of rule book . not here . of course the judge remands him to the custody of squeaky and off they go . the film then goes on to showcase some of the most outrageous , mindnumbing scenes of animated mayhem this side of a japanese manga involving tentacles and girls in school uniforms . he goes to the basketball game and insults the children , ridiculing one boy for being fat , the coach is knocked unconscious and puts his hand in his pants " nice kitty kitty " he squeaks , what the ? ? ? ? then an angry father gets on sandlers bad side ( his only side ) and is force fed a jock strap " i hope you like them extra sweaty " ho ho ho . for the next part of the film which seems like eight days , crazy or otherwise , his house is burned , he pushes his benefactor down a hill , in a porta potty which freezes feces on him , he is rescued by deer who lick the poop off him , on smiles with a load of ca ca in his teeth . we are treated to this twice . god bless us , every one . by the time the paint by number ending finally gets there we are also subjected to a number of songs , each worse then the last , fortunately they are forgettable as well as bad " if i move my bowls without using the spray....that 's a technical foul " is one of few lines i remember , thank you god . by reading this one might assume , as i did , that this is irreverent in the good way , poking fun at old christmas standards , but it is not . it is disgusting , badly written , annoying and very , very cruel . the two dimensional nice old brother and sister are treated horribly , for no good reason with no motivation or payoff , the songs are unlistnable and the dialogue is hard to understand , this is not always a bad thing . of course we discover why the hero is such a jerk , a childhood trauma involving a car crash on hanukkah , he hooks up with is old sweetheart and lives happily ever after . the same can not be said for the audience . why would anyone think this was funny or appropriate , who is the audience ? there are many vulgar sexual references that are not claver or cutting edge they are sad and out of place , the over all feel of the film is one of depressed sinicism and a morbid sense of doom and hopelessness . adam sandler has been loyal to his friends , his friends should have been loyal to him and told him what a bad idea this was , even if it hurt his feelings . this christmas turkey wo n't even work as leftovers . bah humbug
i bought this dvd because amy jo johnsen is in it . ( one of my favorite actresses . ) what i expected was a decent vampire movie , with some blood and guts , and a good storyline . what i got was a movie with talking , talking and more talking , and a boring storyline . i saw hardly any action , hardly any fun , and hardly anything interesting . i was extremely disappointed in amy for starring in such a boring , unintriguing movie . the only actual action was toward the end with the final battle between seth and viki 's ex . it was about an hour and fifteen minutes of explanations , and useless talking . if you are looking for a movie with some action and fun , look elsewhere . as much as i hate to put an amy jo movie down , i am doing so .
although " deleted scenes " are promised on the back cover of the box , there are no deleted scenes on the dvd . instead there 's a perfunctory " documentary " which interviews the cast and other creators , who recite a common litany of how much fun it was to make the film . in this short segment there are a very few informal shots of the players that are n't in the film , but there are no deleted scenes in the normal usage of the term . rather disappointing since the cast in audio commentary talks about seemingly dozens of neat scenes that " hopefully will be in the dvd deleted scenes section . " also , although the box promises " 2.35 wide screen , " the film is pan-and-scan and only slightly letterboxed at about a 1.85 to 1 ratio . some of the scenes are annoying because of the missing portion of the image . also , it 's not a gross teen comedy as the box copy suggests , more of a puppy-love romance with the " four buddies " comedy stuff as a sidebar . which makes it potentially better , i guess , but it suffers from a lack of talent , especially in ventimiglia 's acting and in the writing . very anemic ; not much here . in the key scenes the players just hem and haw , since they 're not given much to say . kevin kirkpatrick , in a small part , is way beyond the rest of the cast in acting sophistication . he draws a very perceptive portrait ; extremely funny , but not a typical caricature , the most real character in the movie
all 4 movies in this set are dubbed in english . i was horribly disappointed . dont make the same mistake i did . find the dubbed ones
i thought from the description that this could be an interesting film and gave it a shot . it was terrible . first because of the camera shake , i do n't know about you but i ca n't sit trough a film with continuous camera shaking . needless to say i did n't make it through the whole film , but from what i saw the main actor was irritating to watch
i was very disappointed in this dvd . it was a dvd for someone who wanted only the very basic information on birds . the dvd was very short and could have added a lot of expanded details . the ability to view details of color and details of wing , tail bands , etc would have offered a much better learning tool . it also could have had the bird call longer throughout a longer display of bird colorations
unless you are an avid bird watcher and need resource material for north american bird sounds , this dvd is otherwise a waste of money . spend the extra money and buy " the life of birds "
picasso is one of the giants in the history of art and surely the artistic genious of the 20th century , but this renders him boring and repetitive . it was done while he was alive , and has him " painting " little cartoon-like " works " that were done only for this dvd...one...after...the....other ad nauseum . this is picasso as celebrity entertainer cartoonist , not the edgy artist genius of les demoiselles d'avignon and guernica . it looks as if he 's painting with magic markers on screen and the action is speeded up so it looks like a cartoonist at work . i turned it off after 30 + interminable minutes . fortunately i rented it on netflix , which i 'd recommend , rather than buying it
ok , i am trying to redeem myself from low budget movies such as " vampire assassin " then i run into another bad movie . lets face it , this movie totally blows . and what is with the main character and her cheesy fighting sound effects ? what was eva thinking when she decide to appear in this movie , she was n't even the main star . more like a background character with maybe 3 sentences to say and thats it . please rent this one
this review is based on the differences between the standard dvd disc and the superbit version only . based on that , i recommend that you save your money and get the standard version . you 'll get more features , while barely losing any audio or video quality , which is the whole reason for buying a superbit disc in the first place . i 've watched this movie on my 40 " lcd sony xbr bravia ( 720 dpi ) , an oppo upscaling dvd player , and 5.1 sound system , and for this movie , i did n't see any perceivable difference in video quality from the standard version . so unless they 're selling this superbit version for 10 bucks or less ( which seems to be the trend since superbit discs may become moot now that hd dvd and blu-ray discs are starting to come out ) , i 'd recommend getting the standard version of this movie , which sells for about 10 bucks at the major electronic retailers
i saw this in the theatre and tried to fall asleep becuase it was so dull . true story
so disappointing . hardly a dark/noir film , in my opinion . just a proper hollywood murder mystery . and there 's no sex , except brief kissing which lana always cuts short ! i 'm a james m cain fan , and this does n't even try to be faithful to his great noir novel . everyone 's too decent . cora ( lana ) does n't have a treacherous or naughty bone in her body , and she 's always costumed like a perfect fashion model , fingernail polish and all . frank ( garfield ) is never lustful , never mean , never desperate . always polite and decent . not a gas station ( except for one pump that looks planted ) not a single oil can or wrench . not a greasy spoon or diner , twin oaks looks like a tidy clean beach cottage or b&b , fit for donna reed & family . the 80 's nicholson/mammet version is much better in all these areas and actually dark . much more faithful to cain
i am a big fan of faerietales and stories for children , though i do not have any of my own . on the whole i am unimpressed with the barbie series which is highly unoriginal with characters that seem as plastic as the dolls themselves . while it manages to be more of a sedative than a painful experience , it is not something that i would recommend to other lovers of faerietales and/or faerie lore . children , however , are often attracted to brightly colored things with simple stories , and will most likely love it
mission : impossible , the tv series , told the adventures of the impossible missions force -- an elite team of covert operatives who were sent to overthrow mob kingpins , foreign dictators , terrorists and others who threatened the security of the united states . rather than engage in james bond-like shoot outs , the imf team worked together to covertly neutralize threats , leaving little or no trace of their involvement . although the imf had a leader ( steven hill as dan briggs and peter graves as jim phelps ) , there was no star of the group -- just a bunch of individuals working together to achieve its objective . a truly groundbreaking show . along comes brain de palma 's catastrophe of a remake , starring that couch-jumping scientologist tom cruise . within half an hour of the film starting , the entire imf team , save for cruise , is killed off , jim phelps ( jon voight ) is exposed as a double agent and basically the entire concept of the original mission : impossible is shot to hell . granted , ving rhames and jean reno are present as cruise 's new team , but mission : impossible is quickly bastardized as yet another tom cruise vehicle where he preens and postures . making a film called mission : impossible into a star vehicle goes against the spirit of the original tv series . it 's obscene what tom cruise 's ego has done to bruce geller 's original concept . this is just another action film with mr. cruise flashing his toothy smile and saving the world all by himself . see the original tv series and skip this piece of bastardized trash
i just whant to say this , if richard dean anderson is out of the stargate series ; so am i , and that 's it ! if i could i would give this 0 stars , but you ca n't , not what i know anyways . still teal'c ,daniel and carter is in the storie , but hwo knows for how long
the plot of " hard target " has been summarized in previous reviews , so i 'll limit myself to discussing my favorite part . " hard target 's " claim to fame when it came out was that it was john woo 's first american film , and that 's certainly a big deal . ( i just saw " hard boiled " the other day , and i 'd need seven dictionaries to describe that glorious mess . ) but it boggles my mind that lance henriksen 's jaw-dropping death scene does n't land right at the top of every review of this movie . i mean... ( spoiler alert ) the dude has a grenade dropped into his pants . he manages to get the grenade * out * of his pants before it explodes . and then he throws it away from him , right ? wrong ! he unscrews the grenade , hoping to separate the fuse from the explosive . and he does separate them before the grenade goes off and starts laughing in triumph . but he holds the fuse like two inches from the explosive and.. . the spark jumps across ! funny enough already , but l.h . makes this shocked " whu... " sound that is more hysterical than the entire first season of the daily show . right before blowing up . it 's absolutely brilliant .
action director john woo 's first attempt at making a good american action movie fails with jean claude van damme ( bloodsport , sudden death ) on board as the lead hero who jumps over police cars , punches venomous snakes in the head , hops on motorcyles balancing himself on it while he flips over a truck and lands on the ground...kicking a gasoline tank at a guy while he shotgun blasts it and soving a grenade down the pants of evil bad ass lance henriksen ( near dark , the terminator ) . hey , when isnt henriksen a evil son of a bitatch ? yancy butler ( drop zone ) is van dammes love interest protecting her from the villains trying to kill him and wilfrod brimley ( tv 's walker , texas ranger ) plays van damme 's southern fried canjun uncle who rides horses and shoots arrows with his bow while trotting off after his country house blows up . all in all , it doesnt become the worst movie ever made , its only presence if the style john woo brings to his action scenes...his lingo in the art of which he creates . also starring arnold vosloo ( the mummy and the mummy returns ) as henriksen 's right hand man . ah , got ta love the scene where van damme has sexual chemistry with the snake while punching it ou
i guess i hold the minorty here in thinking the north and south " maxie-series " is just the worst civil war mini-series ever put on film . they took great source material and turned it into " days of our civil war lives " , a soap opera of the most unwanted kind . i found myself hopeing that maybe it would get better but it got more unbelievible as it went on . just a waste of a great cast and a lot of money
given the cast i had high expectations for this movie , but unfortunately it did n't deliver . the storyline and plot twists are totally unbelievable even given the most disfunctional of families . there are some nice perfomances , granted , and for this reason alone i gave it two stars . but even with that grace , it 's not enough to warrant giving it the 100 minutes of your life to watch .
what the he77 was that ? ? ? yo i tried cam , your music is straight and all but hang up the camera and pick up the mic . stick to your day job ( rapping ) .
you asked me to rate my transaction and/or the product i ordered . the transaction apparently did n't take place , since i did n't receive the dvd that i ordered . is that what you wanted to know
a few comments about why i did n't like the video for my daughter - the dvd is cheaply done . the animation is almost all old and there are frequent times when the princess look like an animated statue with only their mouths moving , while their prince next to them really does look like a statue since he does n't move at all . - the christmas themes are simply not well done with the video containing things that were more suited for halloween than christmas . the part where belle almost drowns ( and would have certainly died of hypothermia ) is a good example of this , though not the only example . overall the video is not at all suited for young children
horrible  not funny  i have no idea how people can say this is a good movie  ok now i personally , am a adam sandler fan , but i just hated this movie . accually , i hated it so much , i couldnt even finish it and we had to give it away . i recomend you do not waist your time with this horrible excuse for a movie .
i actually had this on my shelf for 2 or 3 years . i tried to watch it a time or 2 and just could not get past the first 10 or 15 minutes . i was finally in the mood to watch it the other night . let me say i am a big fan of ashley judd and i have loved every movie i have seen her in . she did a great job , as always , just poor script writing . it leaves a lot of questions unanswered , such as how he always manages to keep one step ahead of her in order to place cameras in her hotel rooms , etc . this fellow was so obsessed and in the end what was the point ? i may have to watch it again in a few more years just to see if there is something i missed.. .
this movie is a disappointment considering it was made at a time when so many of the survivors were still alive and recently freed from russian captivity . the film covers the experiences of a veteran german officer assigned as an advisor to a rumanian army corps on the eve of the stalingrad encirclement . the film does not go into any kind of depth either in terms of character development or story line to explain the importance and tragedy of stalingrad . one must think that it even disappointed it 's original german viewers of the 1950 's who probably desired some kind of explanation for the disaster of stalingrad and the nazi era . as an anti-war film this film is a failure ; as a shoot 'em up action war film it is droll . all in all this is less satisfying than a made for tv movie of the same period .
these 3 movies are indeed landmark movies in chinese cinema and definetly for jet li and movie kung fu . however , i watched 10 minutes of te first movie on this compilation which does n't have english subs ( i do n't mind , but every other dvd i have ever seen has this )  also , in the first ten minutes , there have been 2 incredibly bad awkward translations . for some reason , cousin yi is now aunt 13 and chu 's bird is now chu 's beard . this is crap . do not buy this , buy the movies seperately , you can probably find them each for 9 bucks , and they would be more satisfying that way
a girl-buddy movie starring shelley long and bette midler as two women in love with the same guy . when they learn that he 's " used " both of them , they turn from being mortal enemies to closest friends as they chase the louse from new york to new mexico . silly and dumb , with the usual chase fare thrown in . everything is a cliche , from the opposing personality idea ( long is an orderly goody-twoshoes , midler a loudmouthed mess ) to desert hippies to car chases , etc , etc . the movie seems to go on endlessly
between the not so below average acting of thomas and biel , the film might have benefited more from a better script , but it did not . there was nothing in this movie that they could have done better , it was just a fluff holiday movie that a family would most likely not want to watch that much
this movie makes me want to vomit . watching bio-dome is physically painful to the overwhelming majority of people
this movie would have been a complete failure if fred astaire had n't starred in it . i found it to be exceptionally dull . except for " i lost my hat in haiti " and " you are " , and footage from the actual wedding of a member of the british monarchy , this film is pretty terrible
trash film usurps title . people that like this film seem to come from a group that have only seen ersatz films such as the new mummy have nothing of real movie value to compare them to . this must also be a group that has never seen a live play or an old german film . the filmmakers attempted to capture a cross between nosferatu . it may have worked in 1920 however the film is to clear and sharp . it comes off looking more like a cross between a cartoon and a graphics ad . the actors outweighed the characters and looked like they were reading the script . i could swear that some were watching the teleprompter . and who 's idea was it to cut up a three day old corps to get covered in blood that if was any , had lone ago coagulated ? i could go on with quite a few examples . but you get the idea . this should be helpful even if you liked the movie . if you are driving by a place that rents this dvd , stay in the car !
why oh why do they keep placing redneck tim allen in christmas movies ? he ca n't act and he is disgusting . i am ashamed at jamie lee curtis for reducing herself to this garbage . i can understand tim allen thinking this was a good script , the producer probably mailed the script to him as a coloring book with pictures...but i had higher expectations from jamie lee curtis . i have to say i usually love her . but she was awful in this film . she is reduced to whining and crying . she does little else besides agreeing to everything her caveman husband tells her . tim allen was awful from day one in his redneck middle america sitcom , and to this day retains that disgusting , overweight , burping middle america character . why do they keep putting him in christmas films ? it really does nauseate me to no ends to see him playing santa claus .
many people will consider giving this movie such a low rating a sacrilege.this is understandable because so many people have grown up watching this film.i too loved this movie at a certain period of my life.the period between my birth and when i turned ten.that was when i read the book.the book is perhaps one of the greatest literary works ever created.it has now been awhile since i first read it,but i still remember the excitement i felt with each new chapter.i finished it in a few short hours.since then,i have reread it several times,and each time it has been just as enjoyable.it is a true classic that people of all ages can enjoy.my brother reads as little as possible , but even he loved it.the movie,on the other hand,has gotten worse with each subsequent viewing.it deters from the book in almost every way possible.it makes a mockery of each character through a combination of poor writing and horrible acting.judy garland is an absolutely abominable choice to play the plucky heroine,dorothy gale.in the book,dorothy was a little girl of about eight or nine and she was brave and clever.in the film,she is whiny,cowardly,fretful,and slightly stupid.she is also portrayed as being around fifteen.making her this old distorts the book and her older age does n't fit with her childish behaviour and appearance.besides wrecking the book,this movie when looked at clearly is a terrible film.do n't misunderstand me,i am a fan of musicals.however,this film made for an atrocious musical.practically every single song was annoying ! ! ! ! ! also,the " somewhere over the rainbow " number did not suit the plotline as it was in the book.this brings me to the biggest,most awful,distortion of them all ! ! ! in the book,dorothy really went to oz ! ! ! ! ! not only that,she returned to oz several times in other oz books.eventually,she even moved there to live ! ! ! in making the whole experience a dream,the entire story of oz was destroyed.having said that,this movie receives a 1 in my opinion.even so,i realize that many people will persist in liking this movie despite my words of wisdom.if they do sill consider this movie a favorite after reading the book,then the 3-disc dvd is the edition to purchase.the features look good and the picture is restored.as for me,i will spend my money on better things .
not as much tap dancing as the other ones . you probaly have to be irish to understand the theme because i did n't
i never saw the series on tv so when it came out on dvd , i was excited , remembering the magazine from when i was a kid and being a fan of ilc , snl , and comedy itself . i am also known for finding various comic styles funny where others do n't . i write this review now as i am trying to watch the third disc . i got the dvd the first day it came out and i have to watch every dvd i get , even if i saw it before . regardless to say , i only broke a smurk once throughout the first 2 1/2 discs . i even tried watching parts of the disc when i was having a great day and even when i was not in the greatest of moods . i was in a good mood again this morning so i started watching it . i think it is the lamest show that i have ever seen . i really do n't know why it ever lasted past the first season . if you 've seen the show on tv and you like it , more power to you , if you have n't seen it , do n't buy it , it is a waste of money . everybody says that after season two is when it gets funny.. . i personaly do n't think i should have to endure a whole first season for it to get funny
this is the type of yoga that gives yoga a bad name . i will not even give this one to a student or friend ; put it in the goodwill bag
or you out of your mind ! i watched about 5 mins . and i 'm speachless . that was the worse movie i ever &quot ; started&quot ; to watch and could n't get to the controls fast enough to turn it off . throw them away , please
it starts out as a lady comes home to cook a boy for dinner but the boy tells the lady three storys from the tales from the darkside book . the first one is lot 249 with christian slater , julianne moore and steve buscemi , which this one is the best with of course slater 's character . then the next one is the cat from hell with william hickey and david johanssen , this one is ok but it sometimes shallows the movie with its annoying and mangling old people . the last one is a lover 's vow with james remar and rae dawn chong , it starts off good with remar but then ends up being a cheesy story with its lame gargoyle effects
do n't buy this junk,it is nothing more than trailers for 50 movies that the makers have deamed as the " worst " . like another review said just look up a list somewere ! !
i love bad movies , so when i saw there was a documentary out all about ranking the worst movies i thought i 'd give it a try . do n't bother with this dvd . its 60 minutes long . now think about that fact . 50 movies , in 60 minutes . some movies are barely shown for twenty seconds or they use a commercial that reveals little of whats bad in the movie . so problem number one they do n't show enough of the movies . problem 2 is the bad designs of people booing and throwing popcorn at every movie they talk about . the voice over was also a bit on the annoying side but thats probably the fault of the people who made this . its actually very ironic that this being about the worst films is actually a terrible film in itself . another complaint i have is on what merrits on they ranking these films . for a few , it seemed they put their not cause they were the worst movies made but because they were box office flops . i 'm not saying ishtar or howard the duck were good movies but they should n't be placed on a list of the worst . there are alot more terrible films , with acting thats unbelievably bad , mistakes galore , poor lighting , poor directing , poor writing,etc . these were just bad movies that were flops . i 'm surprised they did n't throw heaven 's gate in here if they were doing flops . so i do n't get the criteria they were using . a lot of really terrible movies were excluded too for some reason . manos is sadly missing . glen or glenda is alot worse then plan 9 ( despite plan 9 having the fame ) yet plan 9 got a lower ranking . i guess the best thing i can say about this dvd is that they did get a list of some very bad movies . robot monster and santa claus conquers the martians are amongst the worst movies you 'll ever see . according to the dvd , only black belt jones is a movie so bad its funny but many ( if not all ) picked are so bad they are funny . i did n't like how they included the movie troll only because the sequel troll 2 was so much worse ( for heaven 's sake , troll 2 did n't even have trolls in it . it had goblins . thats bad ! ) . so , if you guys want to watch a list of movies with barely any clips of the films that emphasize there baddness , this a film for you . those of you who do n't , heres a breif list of some of their movies . snow white and the 3 stooges greetings the frozen dead they saved hitler 's brain black belt jones tnt jackson the thing with two heads howard the duck billy the kid vs. dracula bela legosi meets a brooklyn gorilla strange creatures bloodsucking freaks leonard pt . 6 attack of the crab monsters robot monster santa claus conquers the martians troll trog xanadu the crippled masters i married a monster from outer space teenage zombie ghost and the invisible bikini fat spy plan 9 from outer space glen or glenda bride of the monster the mesa of lost women voodoo woman ishtar frankenstein conquers the world the creeping terror the great alligator hillbillys in a haunted house the incredible melting man firebird 2015ad dracula vs. frankenstein smokey and the bandits pt 3 the wild woman of wongo the ape galaxy of terror the robot vs . the aztec mummy snow white ( german version ) creature from the haunted sea the swinging cheerleaders trial of billy jack killers from space spider baby the 3 stooges in orbit the sorceress the crawling hand jd 's revenge frankenstein meets the space monster killer shrews great white the thing with two heads eegah ! the incridebly strange creatures who stopped living and became mixed up zombies . certainly far from a definitive list of worst movie
i found this film accidentially on amazon and was curious because i know welles did n't complete a great deal of films . his directorial flourishes are definitely evident , but it is hard to really enjoy the film do to the quality of the transfer . the picture is dark and the audio is exceptionally bad . it looks like there were some budgetary issues in the making of the film so i could n't tell whether this was a bad dvd presentation of a mediocre film , or an awful movie put on dvd badly . i did not shell out of the criterion edition , which might give a better glimpse into the qualities of the film
this is a potentially very good film . interesting idea ( bearing some resemblance to " angel heart " ) . sadly marred by a quite appauling transfer . i do n't think i 've ever bought ( dvd or video ) or seen ( tv or cinema ) quite such an awful copy of a movie . it is clearly stuck together from more than one original , with the logo " delta " appearing now and again in the bottom right hand corner , but do n't be misled into thinking this is the most complete version . the term " special edition " seems to refer only to the fact that it has been released ! ! ! ! ! tony curtis does an incredibly poor intro and epilogue ( clearly from some late night cheap tv series ) . do n't buy it . maybe there 's a better version ( i read talk of a " critereon " disc ) , maybe not . still , it really is n't worth ( any ) money
i bought orson welles citizen kane and liked it so i decided to watch other welles movies . i bought mr. arkadin because the dvd is cheap and rated high on imdb . i should have buyed touch of evil instead . the quality of the picture is laughable , sometimes there are glitches in the sound during scene changes . judging by the picture and sound quality i would say that they used equipment from the 30 's to shoot and edit the movie and that the print used for that transfer was stored in a refrigerator during 45 years . welles directing work is good but obviously he had to deal with the poor quality of the european movie industry of the 50 's . sometimes the picture shake , during the opening credits the captions are white on a white or gray background so we ca n't read everything . the editing is very poor , there are too many scene changes . when i bought this dvd i expected to receive the laserlight version , instead i got a dvd made by alpha video . the case cover is different and there is no supplemental material . he was mastered cheaply on a pc with the spruceup dvd maestro software , that seem to create problems , each time i try to play the disc on my computer the fbi warning message appear and then the disc eject . i did n't notice any audio syncing problems however . this movie is the perfect candidate for a remake . i give * * * * for the story and * for the overall quality of the movie
the weight of water ( kathryn bigelow , 2000 )  this movie should have been a big production-- an adaptation of an anita shreve novel directed by near dark 's kathryn bigelow , starring a handful of big-name actors . so why does it seem like a lifetime original movie ( tm ) on steroids ? jean janes ( shadow of the vampire 's catherine mccormack ) is obsessed with a pair of murders that occurred on the isles of shoals in 1873 , when louis wagner ( rome 's ciaran hinds ) was convicted of the murders of two women and executed . jean is n't sure they got the right person . she and her poet husband thomas ( sean penn ) set off for the islands on a boat with thomas ' brother rich ( josh lucas , recently of poseidon ) and rich 's new girlfriend adaline ( elizabeth hurley , who went from this right on to film bedazzled ) . the interpersonal relationships on the boat cause tensions to flare , as everyone seems to want pretty much everyone else , and the situation on the boat brings jean to a possible revelation of an alternative theory of the crime . it 's an interesting premise , and from everything i 've heard it 's carried off quite successfully in the book , which i have n't read . but oh , it does n't work well at all in the film . the links between the two stories are shown only by the way the two stories are intercut ; no work at all was done on trying to parallel the two in any structural way . most of the actors are wasted here ; even the vastly talented mccormack seems only a shadow of her usual irrepressible self , while sarah polley , whose story takes place over in the nineteenth century time frame , seems as if she 's worn down by a lot more than inimical primitive island life . about the only actor who 's really effective here is hinds , who plays his role to the hilt . it 's not the worst movie i 've seen in the past month , but it 's pretty close . *
i bought a copy of ntr for one reason and one reason only : a single scene near the beginning , prominently featuring rosanna arquette . this was the same reason i bought a copy of &quot ; the wrong man&quot ; , starring john lithgow and - rosanna arquette . discretion prevents my explaining further . other than the scene already mentioned , i found the movie pretty worthless
the story is ok , but the acting is a bit off and the movie drags to much... but if your looking for some raunchy sex there is a non-simulated oral sex scene in it
added - 5 whole minutes - documentary about how to make a great movie suck by making it a broadway production . deleted - karaoke version of five songs from the soundtrack : hold me now , do you really want to hurt me , every little thing she does is magic , rappers delight , white wedding  worth the extra $ 13 - i think not  i suppose if you are one of the four people on the planet that does n't own this classic there is a option of which edition to purchase , for the rest of us , it 's just not worth it .
well , nice cinematography as set-designer work : nicely interiors and well dressed actors . maybe , visually it is enough to keep you watching this movie once , but not enough to consider it as a remarkable movie of year , as other reviewers trying to assure
i was so bored by this film that i thought i might be missing some subtle french cultural context or emotional triggers that would make it interesting . i asked a younger , french , female friend , who said she found it at least as boring as i did . the characters did n't engage my sympathy . nothing explained why these people were even remotely interested in each other , so i did n't care what happened to them . scenes like long car drives from the marriage bed to a first infidelity did n't build any dramatic tension or advance a plot or provide any interesting insight into the characters themselves . the sex scenes were banal and the bondage episodes in particular laughable . i sat through to the end , thinking there might perhaps be some breathtaking ending to redeem the wasted minutes . i want my money back . plus damages
as i remember when i watched the original chinese version , although it wasnt any big deal but i did like it as i remember , but this version is totally destroy that feeling , something about the translation is just bad to the core makes the movie like a piece of crap , especially some sound effect . why do n't they put the original track in it i hard can understand . if u can find some asian version and rewatch it u would agree with me . it worth my 3 stars with the original trac
it did n't take me long to forget this film . once again it stars jet in a strange role
not a good copy of this great movie . i 'd wait and buy the &quot ; restored authorized edition.&quot ; even though i bought this version , i 've ordered the other . that 's how much i like metropolis is general
the bad i ca n't say i dislike this item , but i did not like it either . even though i 'm still a novice golfer ( score between 95-105 ) and been playing for about 18 months , i 've read a lot of golf fundamentals articles and studied like 4 other dvds ... ( yes i 'm an instruction junky ) and i can say that this instrutor ( simon holmes ) misses to point out many important fundamental factors that influence a good swing , and even though i like how the dvd has a well structured lesson category listing , he does not explain deeply enough on many things . the filming production seems to have a good intention for this dvd , but it lacks camera closeups/slowmotions on the ball , clubhead , ball lies and graphical enhancements for better understanding of what he want 's to explain . i mean with today 's technology on dvd production , this seems to be a cheap one . the good he has very good tips on many subjects that i think they 're transparent for a very beginner . if this is not your first instructional dvd , and just want to gather a new bunch of tips , then buy it . otherwise a better selection that i can reccomend for a complete golf school dvd , is the wally armstrong 's ultimate golfing experience . the set is very cheap because it 's a compilation of old '80s and 90'videos from that instructor , and from the 5 dvd 's in the box , you can thrash 2 if you like , but for $ 17 bucks...hey ! ! is worth it ! i hope this helps and saves you some money
unlike many , i had n't seen this film when it first came out . so it was with much anticipation that i recently sat down to watch it . well , it stunk . what a disappointment . the only really good thing in there is leo mckern , who shines forth like a beacon in a fog of wooden acting and stilted dialogue . show 'em how it 's done , leo . michelle pfeiffer is beautiful to look at , but her role is limited . matthew broderick is clearly inexperienced this early in his career , and delivers his lines without any panache whatsoever , which hampers the film , since his character is supposed to be a quick-witted thief . fortunately , he has come a long way as an actor since then . rutger hauer is just plain bad . in defense of the director and crew , the film is prettily shot ( with the exception of the poorly choreographed climactic fight scene ) in well lit , scenic locations . otherwise , i would not recommend this film to anyone with expectations .
vol . 3 marks a new low for family guy : a season that started out strong but ended very " oh my god , i was so shocked by that hahahahaha " . it seems to be riding on it 's laurels , so to speak , and it 's almost as if we are supposed to find the characters acting differently funny . i do n't like it , and i think it 's been reduced to recent simpson quality . meanwhile , the dvd has a few commentaries ( i 'd like to point out that the competition simpson dvd 's have commentaries on every episode , same with futurama... ) some sub-par special features . the biggest problem here is that the first two discs are single-layer , which means four episodes per disc , as opposed to the traditional seven . we only get thirteen episodes of crap , and maybe we should be grateful , but all in all , whatever . raoul duke
i 'll get this out of the way : i never liked the 80 's slasher films . stuff like the halloween series , nightmare on elm street or friday the 13th just never entertained me all that much . the idea of slow walking killers going after olympic sprinters and still get caught felt really ridiculous to me . of course the major draw was the death scenes : elaborate moments of viciousness . flinging jason into the future is of course going to elicit unintentional laughing but it 's a good kind of laughing for some reason . jason is in the future in a facility on a planet , except he escapes ( of course ) . disposing of scientists , including the fly and scanners director david cronenberg , he ends up getting cryogenically frozen , along with another scientist . flash forward 400 years and a ship discovers them and founds out , ooh , a nice reward for jason . as usual he comes to life and does what he does best : kill attractive looking hotties . you do n't go to these movies to expect well-written dialogue , character depth or anything , you come for the kills and to tell you the truth , they 're slightly disappointing . besides one kill , which answers the question of what happens when a frozen face hits a hard surface , the kills are kind of been there/done that . it 's basically stab here , impale there , it seems kind of unimaginative . a few even happen off screen with the yelling off in the distance . characters are just there to be taken care of brutally and some are . however , jason does what i 'm starting to hate is kill off the very cute girls . one girl , wearing a top with a belly showing gets disposed off ( off screen ) and i 'm like " damn guy , let one cute girl live for once ! " . dialogue is of course stupid but there were some funny lines . a self-deprecating parody about the sex teens have in the film is referenced . " we love premarital sex ! " is so classic , as well as " it 's okay , he just wanted his machete back ! " . granted they wo n't make an afi list but they made me laugh . it 's the kind of movie that you probably were n't supposed to like : it was ridiculous and dumb but boy did it seem fun . just wish it was better
jennifer love hewitt needs to fire her manager . i 've yet to see her in a truly good role . those terrible know what you did last summer movies , garfield , heartbreakers , if only , and many others were n't exactly memorable roles . the truth about love does n't help bump her in that direction either . not that i was expecting oscar-quality when i looked at the back of the box , seeing a picture of her in a leather corset , i was n't going off of words to know that i was slightly interested in the movie . i 've owned it for a few months now , and only recently got around to seeing it if only because my girlfriend watched it in the other room while my friend and i were in the other room playing games . she kept coming out every 5 minutes , and i could tell that she was n't that interested . after giving in and watching it with her , i now wish we had all played resident evil 4 instead . after what has to be one of the most annoying " sweet " introductions , we learn that a man has mailed a valentine letter to his friend 's wife , alice , supposedly by accident . yeah , real smooth . when alice gets it , she assumes it 's from her husband , sam , and sends him a hot letter as well . he gets it , thinking it 's from another woman , and the problems ensue . he starts to hide the letter from her , and with that in mind , she tests his loyalty to her . she texts his phone anonymously with some of the dirtiest things hewitt 's done in recent memory . but as it turns out , sam does have a mistress , and things get more complicated . you know what ? the entire movie 's boring up until 3/4 through . you 're better off just reading the back of the box for the plot summary , then skipping to scene 9 or 10 . and that 's one of the cons i had with the truth about love- the time it takes to build up to what 's an actually good conclusion with sam 's anonymous admirer does n't seem like it 's worth it at first . but i 'll admit , alice 's plan to bust sam was a good one , though she gets a harsh slap of reality once everything 's over . the key problem with the movie is probably that it takes place in england , and jennifer love hewitt 's forced to take on one of the worst accents i 've ever heard . there were a few times when i thought that they hired a voice actor to dub over her lines- it does n't sound like her , and mouth movements often do n't match lines . and that 's funny considering the majority of the cast is from the uk . then comes the unbelievable part about a guy cheating on a woman of jennifer love hewitt 's stature . there 's no way in hell that could ever happen unless the guy is mentally challenged ( ie- carson daly ) . the kicker is that sam 's mistress is a woman who looks to be in her 40s , and pales to hewitt in any physical category . and how about that archie guy ? he 's in 3 important scenes at most . all the other times we see him involve he and sam 's court room scenes which i have to say , are some of the most boring attempts at forced humor . in fact , the trial does n't even have a connection to the central plot aside from showing that sam and archie are friends and partners . alice 's friend is also a complete hussy , and seems like she did n't make the cut of being on sex and the city . finally , guys , i 'm sorry to tell you this , but there are no scenes of nudity here aside from when alice visits an adult movie store . though the best we get from hewitt is her in a corset , it 's only for a few collective seconds . the love scene is kind of laughable too when she 's wearing that ridiculous wig . even right now , i still have mixed feelings about the movie . just when something completely stupid happens , something decent does right after it . this is some of the worst picture quality i 've seen in a while . the transfer looks terrible . even watching it on my hd monitor , there were tons of errors . grain , artifacts , and something new . i almost want to call it rippling- many scenes are out of alignment , and we get a watery effect that takes over the entire picture . i ca n't explain it in full detail , but more or less , people 's faces and bodies would look all twisted every couple of seconds . it stays for most of the first fifth of the movie , then is only occasional after that . but then there 's blocking and many more problems that make up for it . you 'd think with a direct to dvd release , they could at least get something right . the audio fares a little better , but everything 's weird once again . while you can hear the audio just fine , it 's almost too loud at times , and incredibly , all the actors ' lines look like they 're dubbed- especially jennifer 's . this becomes very obvious halfway through the movie when archie yells at sam . the camera is behind archie so we can see the back of his head talking to sam , but when he yells , his mouth does n't open . special features ? none . though the box tries to claim that a chapter selection , previews , spanish subtitles , close captioning and dolby 5.1 are special features , we all know better than to fall for that . at the very least i expected some behind the scenes interviews or something with everyone going on about how great it was to work on a movie bound for failure . is there any reason to buy the truth about love ? not at all . i guess that phrase " low expectations lead to better results " does ring true for it . i just wish the director , writers and actors had put a little more effort into everything . but you know the funny thing ? i 'll bet twenty bucks that this thing gets remade in a year or two with a-list actors ( sorry jennifer ) , and finds success after they rewrite all the boring parts . even as a date movie , there are many better ones out there . might i suggest shaun of the dead
when buying a product , you expect a little bang for your buck . unlike its counterpart family classics , action classics leaves far short of its mark . although these movies are old , you expect quality . unfortunately , the sound is barely audible and the movies grainy . you 'd think that because they 're on dvd , the quality would be better . the movies shown are low budget ( b movies ) with unknown actors and limited action . need i continue ? ? inaction in this case would be best served . save your money for better things... like a hot fudge sundae ! ! !
this dvd is pretty bad . i 've seen the online trailer for the kino dvd release and the picture quality on the streaming quicktime movie was better then the picture quality on the " triple feature " dvd
heavyweights was a quite a disappointment , considering the presence of ben stiller . the movie sheds light on a popular summer camp for fat children that unexpectedly finds itself under different management . the new administration will make it clear very soon that some major changes are to take place.. . the plot and the acting are surprisingly ( ! ) average , while the humor and the dialogues are below average . ben stiller 's character , a cross between zoolander and dodgeball ( both being amazing movies ) , was unexpectedly plain and bland . as for the rest of the cast , this film does not seem to be their thing . though the potential for a great movie was definitely there it fails to take off . a shame really... no masterpiece here .
the script and dialogue are lousy . all this film has to recommend it is a pretty face and occasional scenes depicting flesh . the lady is not very interesting to say the least . nothing original . this is a cookie-cutter clone of a thousand other french movies about young women trying sex for the first time . avoid .
i do not like the format of the dvd at all . i had taken several pilates classes before buying this dvd , but i found it difficult to remember exactly what to do in each pose since all of the instruction is at the end . much of pilates is in the finer points like breathing correctly and making sure to squeeze at the right times , so with no reminder of what i should be doing in each pose i felt like i was being cheated out of a workout . i do n't think that having no interruption is worth sacrificing form , so this dvd will be stored away while i learn the specifics of pilates elsewhere
a friend and i tried watching this film once again recently , but still we both find it irritating and unpleasant . from the beginning , when katharine hepburn 's character destroys other people 's cars without a care , we found one scene after another tedious and unfunny . the acting is fine , as could be expected from such greats as hepburn and cary grant . but the characters are not sympathetic , fun or interesting . grant 's character is an unassertive , spineless person who is easily dominated . hepburn 's character is blindly selfish . who could care what happens to them ? the one interesting element is the acting that is done in proximity to a live leopard .
let me start off by saying that i am a huge madtv fan and have been for years . it is easily my favorite show of all time . while i loved " the complete season 1 " released in 2004 , i think this dvd set is terrible . why they abandoned complete season releases in favor of throwing together a random mix of sketches in no set order from the 3 most recent , and arguably the worst , seasons makes no sense to me . of course this does have some classic sketches , impressions and characters on it , such as debra wilson 's oprah and mo collins ' lorraine , but a majority of it is just random . most of these sketches are n't some of the better ones . who picked this list ? of course i 'll still buy it because i love madtv , but hopefully in time they 'll go back to releasing complete seasons again . i can watch a better mix of sketches and episodes for free every day on comedy central
i really enjoyed season 1 but from the look of this we 're never going to see other complete seasons released . why release the best of seasons 8 , 9 , & 10 when you 've never released the complete seasons ? what about complete seasons 2,3,4 , etc . cabana chat with rodney dangerfield ? phil lamarr 's impressions of michael jackson , prince ? little hassan taylor 's greatest hits ? darlene mcbride ? vancome halloween ? the " wash me " video parody of alanis morissette ? " lick my baby back behind " video parody of britney spears ? the " love muffin " video parody of mariah carey ? the bush cheney rap video parody . the ubs man goes to the video rental shop , etc. ? afropuffs cereal ? the early madtv was a little savage at times but that 's what made it funny . i feel it 's appropriate to issue the best after you 've put out the complete seasons . of course maybe there were legal problems . some of the humor was pretty savage ! i guess if you can find it in syndication then make your own .
added - 5 whole minutes - documentary about how to make a great movie suck by making it a broadway production . deleted - karaoke version of five songs from the soundtrack : hold me now , do you really want to hurt me , every little thing she does is magic , rappers delight , white wedding  worth the extra $ 13 - i think not  i suppose if you are one of the four people on the planet that does n't own this classic there is a option of which edition to purchase , for the rest of us , it 's just not worth it .
this is a movie directed and played by a guy with unsalvageable narcissus complex . always dreamed himself as a modern day casanova in n.y. , just like that george kastansa character in 'seifield ' , a big lover , a womanizer , a baldy forever young romeo . almost all of the screenplays he wrote , the movies he directed , the characters he played were all like this . i just do n't know how women would fall for him in the least sense and possibility , only if in his wet dreams . this is a very nauseating movie . all of his movies are almost the same , only the movie titles changed . the only one i liked is his recent 'match point ' , nothing else . and i felt lucky this guy was too old to play that role now , otherwise , he would n't allow anyone else to play that ambitious murderer but him .
i expected so much more , because it 's marshall , but regardless of where you purchase this , it 's edited . it 's pathetic . this is eminem ! i understand you have a daughter mr. mathers , but do not make all of us watch an edited concert . this is probably the most ridiculous thing i 've ever bought . there 's not even a warning that it 's censored . you just buy it , pop it in your dvd player , and listen to a concert with mostly every other word jarbled up . it 's a useless dvd . there 's no point in buying it . first encore , now this . i 've been a fan since the earlier parts of the 90 's . as somebody from michigan , i saw him before he was mr. cartier global super star buying skin treatments at barneys . i 've never been more disappointed with an artist .
i went and saw another film as i was so disenchanted with this one . the opening had so little to do with the rest of the film i thought i was watching a preview to another film . i do n't care for spoofs about catholics and protestants . the pythons ca n't sing or dance ( for those on this board who claim their talents are innumerable ) . i say to the fans of python : get a life
unfortunately they just do not get off the ground . python is known for being wired provocative and in many cases cutting edge . regrettably they missed the mark on this one . one or two skits may strike your fancy but you have to wade through the rest to get to it . however if you like sex , violence , blood , and debauchery , could care less the fact that they have nothing to do with the absent plot , you could find this film interesting .
not my type of humor . i think i 'm just too old to find the sophomoric comedy entertaining
i 'm sorry folks , but i went into this one with high hopes given the outstanding reviews from both critics and laymen . it would be a tremendous understatement to say i was disappointed . this film is horrible in nearly every respect , but this is the film 's fatal flaw : a " character study " is no good when the characters act in a manner which is counter intuitive and against the grain of human nature . the film portrays two convicts on death row as likeable guys who are willing to help out with this ridiculous standoff because they have no other choice . sorry to bring up the obvious here , but the only thing any person would care about in that situation is escaping . he would not be pre-occupied with helping defend the police station ( he would have immediately shot the cop upon being given a gun ) ; he would not be worried about " his chances out there " ( remember he 's on death row ) ; he would be concerned only with escaping immediately . sorry to all you fans of this " cult classic " , but a movie in this vein must be at least somewhat realistic to gain my praise . this one is a mess .
this dvd has a very bad image and sound . altought it is a good movie , i do n't recomend it if you are looking for a charles bronson movie for your collection due to its bad reproduction . no menu , no subtitles , no chapter selection . i wished i did not buy it
the gauntlet may rank as one of clint eastwood 's worst movies . it is so unrealistic and silly i frankly did n't want to even finish it . released in 1977 after a string of some really good westerns and dirty harry movies , it stands out as being a real stinker . here eastwood plays a loser of a cop , ben shockley , who is sent on an assignment to pick up a witness in las vegas for a trial . he 's told it 's a " nothing witness for a nothing case " so he thinks it 'll be an easy assignment . well , poor shockley finds out differently when not only the bad guys but the good guys are trying to kill him and his witness . it seems some conspiracy is afoot . the rest of the movie is shockley , and his female witness , gus mally , running from cops and mobsters trying to kill them in increasingly ridiculous bad action scenes . and plot is so ludicrously predictable it 's pretty clear early on just who the bad guy behind the curtain is . unless you really , really like clint eastwood , this is one to forget . i 'll bet he wishes he could .
what a rip off ! this is my very first bad experience with amazon . heck , this is the first time i have n't been extremely satisfied . who in the world would purposely order a psp disc of any movie ? ? ? ? ? ? the heading for this item still incorrectly states that it is a two ( 2 ) disc set . it does not mention that it is in some stange format no one in their right mind would buy . you can imagine my surprise when i opened the case and found what looked like some kind of strange contraceptive device . do n't order this
i had to contact amazon five times about this item . i ordered it on 10-1 and it did n't ship for several weeks . then when i check my account , the description had changed to umd for psp . you will not get the dvd if you order this . i eventually cancelled mine . amazon is using the wrong cover art and the wrong disc specs for this title and does n't seem too worried about correcting this . do not order
i am extremely dissappointed with amazon on this one . this is not the dvd version of the film . however , on all the links to it , it says " dvd " . when i received the item in the mail , amazon was very ambiguous in helping me with my return , and even told me that they would send the dvd version of the film . nonetheless , two days later , i received the same psp version again . great movie , it 's in my top ten . amazon screwed up on this one
i was thrilled when i saw there was a new sesame street christmas dvd out as my 3 and 6 year olds have the other three memorized . and , as much as i enjoy being a sesame street kid ( 37 , just like the show ) , i was tiring of the same stuff over and over . imagine my surprise , then , when virtually all of this dvd is just the highlights of the others ( classic ernie , bert and the beloved mr. hooper from _christmas eve_ , hanukkah from _happy holidays_ , and bob singing " all though the year " from _elmo saves christmas " among others ) . the only new part is christmas future and it is a poor cartoon instead of new muppet footage . if you do n't have the other three dvds this would probably earn 4 stars . if you do have the other dvds this is not a necessity . hopefully next time the budget will allow sesame workshop to be more creative
i ca n't imagine why madonna , janet jackson , or michael jackson 's vma performances were not included in this dvd . the most influential artists in videos and performance were excluded . i do n't understand . it is a travesty . i hope mtv releases more of the vma performances with madonna , janet , and michael . i 'll buy this one in hopes they will release a really great complilation of vma performances
i have to say , this show did not turn me on at all . i like twisted humor and a good puppet show . this , however , did n't do much of anything . in fact , it aimed at the gutter and worked it 's way down . very disappointing . and also very low-budget . looks like something filmed for public-access tv . i 'm guessing canadian public-access tv . some people might find it funny . i understand some people find beavis&butthead funny . i do n't
both sides of disc 5 are unplayable . all others are o
starring tony perkins perfectly miscast as a major league ballplayer . what can you say ? the red sox have jimmy pirsall , tony perkins and " fear strikes out " . the yankees have lou gehrig , gary cooper and " pride of the yankees " .
i just had to write a review about this movie seeing that it is being made into a hollywood film ( the departed ) . i can defintely see why someone wanted to remake this movie . after watching this movie i turned to my wife and said , " this movie would have been great if it would have stared someone/anyone with an ounce of talent ! " the acting is very affected and self-conscious... understand that 's how hong kong mega-stars always act ( its a sort of us 1930 's throwback style ) . i really , really despise us film remakes - but martin must have seen the same potential so many others saw in the intriguing storyline . i would suggest watching the us version first and coming back to the original afterward so that you do not ruin the surprises - not to mention this movie is avoidable without the new-found intrigue . ps i have not yet seen the departed , but i am assuming that it is a much better version than this . however... come on america , we have plenty of creative writers out there , ca n't we just throw them a bone rather than using old scripts and plots
i love tng , ds9 , and i even quite like a few of the characters in enterprise . but i hate voyager . why ? one simple reason - janeway . i cant stand her . she makes me want to puke . she has only two personas in the entire 7-year series and she constantly alternates between them , and they are both nauseating . first , vomit-inducing compassion-face in which she puts on this phony 'caring ' face and talks in a 'caring ' gentle whisper . two , tough-chick-face in which she puts on a hard-chick scowl and speaks in a deeper hard-chick voice that is not in the slightest bit believable . god she nauseates me . the same thing happened with maggie thatcher . the one time the dumbasses put a woman at the helm and she totally ruins everything . unlike kirk , picard , sisko and even archer , janeway has no charisma at all . yuck . but shes not the only one , this has got to be the only star trek series in which no matter how hard i tried i could never develop any attachment to the characters . they 're all boring . only paris has any appeal and even then not much . i watched the first 3 seasons hoping i would grow to like this garbage and finally gave up . years later i finally came back and decided to give the final season a try in the hope that the characters might have developed over the years . no . the same old nauseating janeway , same old boring episodes , spewing over with self-righteousness and endless lectures about human 'morality' . and this series is the most mushy , sentimental crap of all the star trek series . there is barely an episode that is not cringe-inducing in its emotional mushyness . the only moments in the entire seventh series that were worth watching was the 'q2 ' episode and that was only because q was in it ( and they even turned that into a morality play ) , and the very end of 'renaissance man ' when the doctor tells harry that his saxophone playing sounded like a wounded targ . good riddance voyager , and especially good riddance janeway
the book of acts is a book of power ! sadly , this is what is lacking in the dvd presentation . the minute i began watching i knew it was going to be a weak ( acting ) rendition of the story . thankfully , it is word for word from the bible , which is why i gave it two stars . reading through the book of acts one can almost feel the electricity of the holy spirit working in and through the lives of the apostles and believers . all of that is lost in the dvd presentation . i would not recommend this dvd . stick to the book instead
the only other ff material i 've see is the movie and i did n't play any of the games yet so i 'm not basing this review on that . after watching the first 3 dvdsand about 1/2 through the show i can say for me this show sucked . the animation was bland and ugly looking . the c.g animation which was produced by gonzo was poor and did n't blend in at all . ( if you want good works by gonzo check out full metal panic , vandread , hellsing , gatekeepers and a few others ) . the plot was seemed to aimed at kids under 12 . 2 kids and an adult woman get on a train in an abandoned train station that leads them to a different world . there they meet a strange man ( strong silent type ) . each episode goes something like this . the kids and woman get off the magic train at a strange place . the bad guy ( kid ? ? ) sends his minions to where they 3 are . the man in black shows up ( approx 7 min left in ep ) and does nothing until the kids are in real danger then a light on his gun ( attached to arm ) turns on and he says " it has moved ? ? " yells " soil is my power " ( cue in 2 minute transformation sequence where he puts 3 different colored shells in it and shoots ) a creature pops out of the smoke and defeats the bad guy , then he goes away . the kids and woman then get back on train and the show is over . that happens every single episode and there is very little plot development . come on at least pokemon has more of a plot . this show is clearly aimed for kids 10 and younger which from what i understand is not a big " final fantasy " demographic . strongly recommend a rental to see if you like it .
if you 're a stoked surfer looking for a thrill , this is &quot ; not&quot ; the video for you . however , if you want a training video on big wave surfing , go ahead . a better video for the stoke would be the classic endless summer 2 . much more of a better buy . billabong goes out of their way with a whole lot of explainations in odyssey about tow-in surfing , training on watercrafts , and then they get to the surfing . i fell asleep throughout the 2/3 of it . i had to skip through half of it to get to the surfing . nice documentary for discovery channel , not for the wired surf enthusiast . so
i ca n't even begin to tell how bad this movie is . it just rolls around in its own excess and asked us to play stupid and just follow along . i sold this one the day after i bought it
this is your typical film which replaces reality with fantasy . something liberals like to impose on others . it flopped because it just does n't have the ring of reality to it . you can have beautiful scenery , some decent actors ( except the ford-lincoln-mercury twit with his quasi-permanent ice cube scowl ) and then a really stupid storyline , whallah , you get the fantasy liberal worldview . in the movie the evil guys are an ex-militia leader and his band of neo-feudal toughs . the good guys are " just-wan na-livers " with their leader being a conman who found his destiny . lol ! dumb , just plain dumb ! you realize it is the neo-liberals ( no , i 'm not pro neo-con either for the record , neo-cons are worse , getting others to do their fighting - cowards they are ) who put limits on free speech , have eroded things so bad that i 'm afraid a general bethlehem type guy ( minus the lunatic traits obviously ) is the only way to fix things . look to ancient rome for the answers on this matter . to be brief , the " bad " guys are liberals and neo-cons and the good guys are yet to make themselves known . this movie is right only in that america will split up and probably fall in some capacity . history shows the way , which our current bio-mass masquerading as humans will not understand nor can do anything about it ( too busy playing video games and im each other ) . one lesson to be learned in the movie is this : might makes right . here 's another : all is fair in love and war .
royal wedding is n't on dvd yet . that 's because the owner of the film , warner bros. has n't released it yet . but several other companies have , under the " guise " of public domain . the original copyright on the film was not renewed properly with the library of congress , so the film is perceived to be public domain , although the music is very much copyrighted and every distributor of this movie is participating in copyright infringement by selling these " bootlegs " . the companies make the money , because they 're selling other people 's property . the people who ultimately suffer are you , the consumer , unknowingly buying products of inferior ( worse than professional vhs ) quality , thinking you 're getting the real thing , because it 's a dvd . save your money . wait until warner bros. gives us the real thing thing.. .  and by the way , the movie gets 4 stars , it 's the cheapo bootleg dvd that gets 1 star !
every store should have a dvd shredder for movies that suck . rental stores should offer refund upon return of this movie and immediately throw it away . adding darryl hannah and denise richards to an already horrible story line just to sell dvds is a disgrace . trying to do 80 's style cinematography to add artistry and color just made this movie suck more . maybe the book version tells a different story if there is one . save your time , money and eyesight by avoiding this storyless video .
flat lighting , cheap sets and costumes , dull dialog , wooden acting , and a goofy plot ; even pervasive silicone enhancement can not save this movie . zero stars should be an option . for more inspired soft porn , check out the work of andrew blake ( andrewblake.com )
i have to agree with most of the other reviews . this movie not great art but to me it is great comedy and strangely compelling . i have found myself watching it over and over again . i would rate the film as five-stars . unfortunately , i can not buy the dvd because the cheapskates at warner have only released this in butchered full-screen format . as such , i can only rate this dvd as two-stars and certainly no stars for warner
our family has an embarassingly large collection of elmo and sesame street dvds , so i speak from experience.. . i found this production to be way below par . my 2 1/2 year old son picked it out at the video store and we got through maybe : 10 minutes before he volunteered to turn it off and do play-doh instead . the plot if poorly contrived , the production value is low , the acting for the most part is awful , and it 's basically just a way to stitch together a series of music videos which at his age , my son has no interest in . he did like the part where the muppets try to break open the dressing room with a jack hammer . but i 'm not buying the video for a 12 second clip . better bets : a celebration of me , grover or sesame street : the street we live on
i just rented this video for my 14 month old daughter . i was disappointed with the 4 dollars i spent on it for that . it is more like a music video than a story . the segments are of adults , no children singing or playing and the story line is n't much . sure my daughter swayed along with the music but there was n't anything educational about this video and i am so glad i did n't buy it . i really limited my daughters exposure to tv and this was the first video we ever left her watch and now i 'm sorry that we did even that . stick with the sesame street tv program or prescreen other dvds before you buy . i hope this helps you from being as disappointed as we were .
all the promos made me think that this would be a really great sci-fi story with beautiful babes all over the place . well , there were some beautiful babes but the anticipated provocative poses by sexy ladies , never materialized . has the art of " posing " been lost by modern girls ? maybe all the good directors have retired or died ! what a pity...why , i could n't even muster a stiff upper lip as i played this dvd through to the end . in spite of my being a certifiable " dirty old man " . [ : - )
did anyone else watch the same movie that i did ? or should i say try to watch the same movie that i did ? i am a huge classic sci-fi movie lover and had heard good things about this one . i was mislead . i can seriously think of no redeeming value to this movie . in fact , i am sure that carpenter and o'bannon are quite ashamed of this black scar that lingers in their past . the unwitty dialogue tries to be clever all throughout the movie and is just sooo boring . the 'effects ' do n't exist , and the whole alien beach ball thing is just embarrasing . it 's not funny - it is embarassing . i could make a better movie with a handycam in my garage
yes ! i agree with the other reviewers ! this is the one vandamm movie i love and when i found it in my one used shop i was so extatic i never looked to see screen format ! i never though that it would be full screen @ ! # ! * ! % ! ! ! ! ! ye gods ! it totally ruins that wonderful sceen in the kitchen of him doing the splits ! hey ya i 'm a red-blooded female...and i can go ouch at that scene too ! that stunt hurts to do and man.....whistle.....looks very nice ! the cropping really really ruins the impressive impact of that scene and i 've not see the picture since it first came out  it was really a disappointment when i saw full screen  come on universal ! ! ! we want wide screen ! full picture ! ! ! ! this is a fantastic action picture and a crying shame to see it in full screen only ! ! ! ! !
how sad and pathetic this concert is.i loved the dolls but this dvd is so bad it almost diminshes their legacy.after seeing how good the stooges reunion concert was i was hoping for more of the same ...wrong ! ! it becomes painfully clear from the start that johanssen in particular is phoning it in.low point of the show is when they make " human being " [ one of the greatest rock-n-roll songs ever ] a sing-a-long.give me a break ! ! ! !
this is one bad movies . i am a devout horror fan , but i was unable to find one redeeming point in this movie . the acting is worse than bad , it 's a joke . the plot is so far beyond lame as to be ridiculous . save your money . even the cinematography is utterly unimpressive . there is no humor , no likable characters , not even a decent quote or one liner . by the time it ambles toward its pathetic excuse for a conclusion , you will wishing you were in a theatre so you could demand your money back . so save yourself disappointment and keep looking , this movie is the biggest bomb , i have stumnbled across in years .
i have to say i had no expectations going into this movie , i watched it with an open mind , ready for anything . what i got was movie that not only managed to make me want to go to wales , but also made me want to wail for hours because it was a waste of time . i am just confused about the whole thing really , the plot the characters the ending.....i see other reviews on here about how " creepy " it was , and i just did n't feel that . what i felt was an extreme hatred of the main woman played by maria bello ( who i have never thought had a face or talent for acting ) what they tried to do was take some made up legend of an otherworldly plane , where the dead go , and we can get the dead back if we give something living . the daughter is whisked away like penelope taken to hades but with much less interesting results . the mother and father , now have to take care of a displaced spirit child , her haunted freaky father , and a bunch of sheep that just need to be shorn and turned into a nice ikea blanket for me . are we supposed to care for this mother who hits her daughter , goes out and parties to the extreme enough to where the father abandons his family to go live amongst the obviously na    ve and gullible local folks ? ( who worships in an abattoir ? c'mon people ) none of these folds deserved children , much less a ghost one . so when the mother realizes that she sucks , and decides to make the ultimate sacrifice to get her daughter out of underworld foster care i did n't really care , i was thinking the girl was much better off . i was also bothered by the girls attempted suicide and the fact that the father had no idea about it , what mother is so selfish that she keeps something so horrible from the father , because her daughter asked her too ? um , maybe what 's wrong in this family is that no one communicates ! ! ! ! ! oh , wait , they all flipping know morse code so that 's enough ? ! ? ! there are n't any genuine scares , and sheep with glowing eyes are n't scary unless you happen to like eating lamb chops and feel guilty about it . the ending , both of them , did n't leave a good feeling or bad or even tie things all together , it felt rushed . i do n't understand hollywood 's obsession right now with creepy children , it 's an echo of the days of " the bad seed " and " the omen " but not homage , more like terrible copycats with no " oomph " . so see this movie if you like sean bean , he is the only good thing about it , other than that see it to cheer when maria bello hurls herself off a cliff .
( 1 ) scarlett o'hara is the least likable " heroine " i 've ever seen . she has no redeeming qualities . ( 2 ) we 're supposed to sympathize with the south and feel nostalgia for the good old days when white folks could own black folks ? ( 3 ) this movie is way too long and dull . ( 4 ) i 'm glad they burned atlanta to the ground . ( 5 ) there was nothing honorable or respectable about the old south and the plantation way of the life . the " gentlemen " were nothing but racists who thought they were aristocrats because blacks did all their work for them . ( 6 ) i 'd rather watch " mandingo " than this racist garbage any day of the week
ignore the blurb on the vhs box , the movie is not about a couple 's hot parties with hip friends , it is about a couple 's awful parties with jerk friends . now , that might not be a bad thing -- in fact , i think it could be easier to make a good movie about bad parties than about good ones -- but the advertising is dishonest . much worse , though , is the the pointless and boring character of the movie , which is about a bunch of stupid or verbally sadistic " friends " who mostly do n't like each other . while i 've known cliques that keep getting together despite frictions between some members , it 's inconceivable that these people would keep getting together for these abusive and tedious holiday events . also , the couples ' relationships , which come and go between these parties , are unexplained and mostly unexplored , as are some individuals ' character changes , and indeed , almost everything that does n't happen at the parties themselves
this should have been better but angela bassett 's performance was the best , so i guess it 's worth a watch
others have already described the movie ; so i shall not repeat what has already said . dumont makes a movie , somewhat reminiscent of the late 60s early 70s " road " movies , in which a couple , gets in a car and drives off , to nowhere in particular . i hated those movies , but at least , in those movies the emotions the characters exhibited had some kind of rationale to it . here the emotions are totally disconnected from reality , have nothing to do with what is going on in the screen , and seem only to be there to move the plot , if there is one , along . katia , the girl , who seems quite psycotic if you ask me , keeps getting angry for no reason whatsoever ; for instance , she entices pair of dogs to follow their moving car , then gets p # $ sed at her boyfriend , when he hits one of them . by the time the movie approaches its dismal end , i did not care anymore how the director was going to wrap it up . the dvd includes a " director 's note of intent " ( always a bad sign ) a mix of felliniesque dialog , blended with sun tzu ; not a good combination . at the end of the " note of intent " the director finishes with " envisage this film only in relation to the means employed and so only work from instinct " well , instinct will not get you a viewable movie ; i do n't think you could make a worse movie , if you were trying to achieve it . it is not the violence or sex , other movies have that but still have some redeeming values , photography , artistic creation . there is no redeeming value in this . just a waste of the dvd plastic .
i purchased this video to get ideas for a yoga fusion class that i 'm designing . boy was i dissapointed ! this film is for spectators and posers , not for serious yogis . you can barely hear shiva 's cues over the music . the video is so focused on being 'cool ' , that it totally fails to instruct , cue , or demonstrate poses . anyone who has never done yoga would be totally lost . and as for the trance dance....i was not entranced . the problem was that shiva was very tight and i did n't get a sense of freedom from her . there was one guy that seemed to be 'in the moment ' , but for the most part the trance dance was quite silly . not a good instructional video . all glitz , no substance
unfortunately , i was sent a standard american copy of the movie which , of course , does n't function on a european system , despite my adress beeing in switzerland . so i was kind of disapointed to have a ) lost the money b ) not been able to watch the movie . one is wrong to assume that every european household is having an american compatible dvd player .
i like pauley shore i have seen him in other movies that i liked so i made the mistake of buying the jury duty video because i liked in the army now and bio-dome and assumed i would like this too , well i learned my lesson well and i learned it the hard way and wasted my money and i have learned to never assume i will like a movie because i liked the actor in another movie and from now on i will rent the movie first ! jury duty simply was just plain awful with it 's weak , boring plot and unfunny humor ! in the army now and bio-dome were a lot funnier , and if you want to kick back , relax and laugh your [ backside ] off than watch those movies
hey genius . good job ruining the end of the movie for anyone who has n't seen it . like , say , my five year old and eight year old children . it 's a miracle if i can even get them to sit still for five minutes , and now that they know the ending to this film , there 's no way they 're ever going to agree to go to bed tonight . thanks a bunch . ever heard of the internet before ? you must be a first time user .
here we go again . another of my favorite shows starts repeating itself and treating the fans like idiots . the differences between season 3 and this drivel are staggering . they must have swapped out writers or something . how else do you explain the camera lingering on lana lang 's many revealing showers for no reason ? let me say this as clearly as i can : showing skin on smallville does n't work ! ! good points : michael rosenbaum is still the best lex luthor ever put on film . sarah carter as alicia baker is back ! she 's clark kent 's interim girlfriend , like a psycho lori lemaris ( who cares if she tried to slice n ' dice lana last season and it makes no sense for clark to be within 50 miles of her ? i do n't ) . there are two new supporting characters this time , lois and , erm...jason . i weep for jensen ackles . he 's way too good of an actor to be put through this horrible role . the way he takes a dumbly-inserted character like lana 's new boyfriend and immediately makes him likable deserves him an emmy or something . erica durance as lois : easily the worst actress , and her lines do n't help . i do n't really mind , because erica looks like lois , even if her snarky remarks reach a cheese grater-level annoyance . i think lois would work better if she just stayed in metropolis and we saw her only through chloe . but i guess it 's cheaper to keep her on the regular set . personally i think it 's a conspiracy to give allison mack less screen time . why does n't she get a revealing shower ? bah . * * * * things that make my brain hurt : * * * * 1 . ) clark ( somehow ) becomes a quarterback for the football team . you get to see it for five episodes . what drama . ok , this is just stupid . he 's cheating , ok ? ? it 's cheating . he ca n't just switch off his powers when he wants to . clark 's football career also results in the episode " recruit " , which is hazardous to your health . 2 . ) turns out lana 's part-witch . i thought she was native american ? nah , just french . and a cringe-worthy villain . 3 . ) producer : " hey , does n't this show remind you of charmed ? ? writer : " not really , but great idea ! ! lets dress lois , lana , and chloe is corsets and make them shoot purplish energy balls from their fingers ! " 4 . ) if the writers were n't going to keep jason around for more than one season , why put him in the credits ? ? durr . 5 . ) jane seymour shows up in for the most pointless guest appearance in tv history . she does nothing for a few episodes then cashes her paycheck . bye . 6 . ) 'jynx ' , 'spell ' , 'recruit ' , 'sacred ' , 'spirit ' and 'ageless' . oh right , and 'forever' . all lame ! they make me ashamed to watch the show ! some are so awful i do n't think i 've ever watched them more than once . that 's like half the dvd set . bah . oooohh , i wonder if clark and lana are gon na get together this season ! just they like get together and break up every season ! i 'm on pins and needles ! the only things keeping this from 1 star are the excellent first couple of episodes . oh yeah , hey writers , stop ripping off other successful shows and movies ! morons
first off , let me explain why i purchased the around the world in 80 days dvd in the first place , sight unseen . one , i was trying to collect as many notable films of the 1950 's as i could on dvd , to add to my personal library . two , it was the winner of the 1956 best picture oscar ( how bad could it be , right ? ) . and third , it was on sale at my local wholesaler . so i figured , what the hey , i 'll take a chance . talk about a colossal disappointment . i 'm a huge movie buff . i 'm only 32 years old , but i love all sorts of films and genres from different periods and countries . i love old black & white and silent films , and i do n't shy away from foreign films either . i 'm also a huge fan of warner brothers ' 2-disc special edition dvds . i try to keep an open mind about all the films i see , but i just ca n't come up with any convincing arguments to either buy or watch this film/dvd . to start , there is no good reason why this film should be 3 hours long . it could have very easily been edited down to 2 , if not 90 minutes . there is almost no script to speak of , and what little there is consists of trite exchanges and banter with barely 2 memorable lines of dialogue . there are endless shots of open seas or country , followed by about 30 seconds of dialogue , followed by even more endless footage of different locales . there is no real drama or comedy going on to drive the film , and the pacing is absolutely dreadful.. . i found myself hitting the " fast-foward " button on my remote on more than a few occasions , simply because i knew i was n't missing any dialogue and the establishing shots would go on for 1 or 2 minutes straight ! secondly , the entire cast is virtually wasted . david niven is always a delight to watch , but is never given a chance to make fogg truly shine . he has one demeanor that he holds throughout : stiff and mannered , with little or no variation . cantinflas , who supposedly was one of the highest paid comedians in the world at the time 80 days was produced , gives us little reason to believe how or why he was such a sensation ( other than doing his own stunt work ) . he 's mildly amusing at best , and his accent is so thick and mumbled that i had to rewind and replay some scenes with the " subtitle " button on . as for the " noted " cameos... again , the actors/comedians are given little to do and barely play to their strengths and familiarity . the only cameo actor who stuck out as having any real performance or impact was the great john carradine ( ca n't miss that voice ! ) . it 's hard to believe it took three different writers to come up with such a frustratingly bland , lifeless and unfunny script ( not to mention headscratchingly illogical... when cantinflas rescues the shirley maclaine princess character , would n't she fall in love with him , her actual rescuer , rather than the cool and distant fogg , who only ordered the rescue ? talk about a missed opportunity for some genuine comedy ! ) . although this film obviously has some fans , i wonder if it 's only because of some overriding nostalgia factor , whether it was seeing it for the first time back in 1956 or on tv as a child . other than that , i ca n't understand how anyone could seriously recommend this film . yes , it 's beautifully photographed , and the costumes are great , but that 's it . i ca n't believe that 80 days won the best picture oscar of 1956 , a year that also gave us giant , the ten commandments , the king and i , the searchers... hell , even forbidden planet or invasion of the body snatchers should have won before this overblown moving postcard . i 'm sorry to say that i probably wo n't bother watching this film again and will most likely end up reselling my dvd copy ( if anyone will take it ! ) . certainly my most disappointing dvd purchase ever . do n't say you were n't warned !
this final season is just ridiculous...and not in a good way . when the wayans abandon a project , then you know it is unfunny and over . just look at the scary movie films . kelly coffield left because the producers wanted to use alexandra wentworth more . a huge mistake ! kelly was hilarious . save your money and avoid this stinker season
when shows do final seasons usually they go out with a bang . but saddly this shows last bullets in this shows gun was a bunch of blanks . now dont get me wrong , it was funny , i 'll give it that , that 's the only reason it got 2 stars , but season 1-4 raised the comedy standeard so high and were so funny but this season was a huge failure in living color wise . so i 'd recomend this for the series collectors like me . meaning i have season 1-4 and although i didnt like season 5 , i 'd feel uncomplete without it
this is a wonderful film . some may say it 's a bit slow paced and perhaps it 's not geared for the mtv generation 's pace of visual stimulation . nonetheless , patience has it 's rewards for anyone who cares to take a chance . it appears that every last detail in this film was molded by the director , tati . unfortunately , the video transfer on this edition is so terribly soft , as though the telecine was not in focus . it 's a crime that such a great film could not have been treated with greater care . one only hopes that a dvd transfer of superior quality is in the pipes
the book of acts is a book of power ! sadly , this is what is lacking in the dvd presentation . the minute i began watching i knew it was going to be a weak ( acting ) rendition of the story . thankfully , it is word for word from the bible , which is why i gave it two stars . reading through the book of acts one can almost feel the electricity of the holy spirit working in and through the lives of the apostles and believers . all of that is lost in the dvd presentation . i would not recommend this dvd . stick to the book instead
i did watch that and i did not liked cause i know good detailed information about this history . this dvd is making polishing boeing company instead lockheed won this techonology war ! it is 2 hours long and boeing appears most of the times . there is no good explanation how lockheed is performed that outstanding job . it all talkes about boeing and at the final it again declares boeing bla bla good bla bla succesfull at stealth jobs . i think the director was from boeing compan
i do n't know what to say about this...it was interesting but not wowing by any standards . it was semi-enjoyable to watch with interesting graphics and the concept is novel too . but the music sucks and thats half the dvd right there . recommend renting or borrowing from a friend . i would n't buy this dvd again
ok , i 'll addmit this had some pretty stunning moments here and there but other than that this was a yawn . this film is trying to jump on the japanese horror bandwagon . it really does n't take a genius to figure out this plot . i mean as soon as the main actress enterred the cabin and heard her husband in the next room i turned to my girlfreind and told her the whole film 's plot and sure enough i was right on the money , only i thought it would of ended 20 minutes earlier but oh no , it had to keep going and going...just end allready , i get it !
i am a big fan of martial arts films -- having lived in taiwan . however , this one was over-hyped in my opinion . the love affairs in the dvd were unbelievable at best and even absurd at times . i often enjoy the melodrama and over-acting of chinese films , but i gagged a few times on this one . it was down-right goofy at times . i really wanted this one to grab me , but it did not .
while it may be true that the " camera does n't lie , " when you take 600 + hours of footage and edit them down to 6 , you have a lot of leaway to manipulate . immediately after finishing the film , i would have given this movie 4 stars . it 's very well crafted and kept my wife and me fascinated for all eight episodes . after we finished watching it , however , we wanted to know more , so we started gathering information from other sources . very quickly , we discovered that we had been conned . jean-xavier de lestrade clearly knew what would make a compelling story , and he crafted the footage to tell that story . unfortunately , it does n't appear to be the real story . we felt so betrayed . we 'd spent 6 hours watching what was purported to be the truth only to discover that huge amounts of evidence had not been shown ( much less explained ) and that the documentary clearly was more spin that revelation . if you want to see a well-made film that will keep you amazed and guessing , definitely see this film . if you want to see something that reflects reality , i would look elsewhere
controversy courted the release of this film and people went to see it for the actual depictions of sex between the actors , thinking somehow it would be pornographic or titillating . but this film showed two desperate , middle-aged strangers ( with all their flaws abundantly clear ) meeting once a week for no-strings-attached encounters . the fact that the audience sees graphic moments adds only to the " desperate " , tawdry , pathetic feel of their relationship . naturally , one of the two of them becomes too curious and wants to know more about the other partner , one of the greatest pitfalls in the dangerous pursuit of anonymous encounters : sooner or later , anonymity is not good enough anymore .
