i 'm not sure why sony , which now owns i dream of jeannie , decided to colorize the first season of this series . whatever the reason , you can readily tell by looking at the prices here on amazon.com that the original black-and-white version of the first season is worth a lot more . the reason for that is simple--i dream of jeannie was originally broadcast in black-and-white . and for a television fan like myself , that 's the only way to watch the first season . the episodes themselves are just as i remember seeing them . since i was n't around in 1965 , i 'm pretty sure i 've never seen these without the cuts that have been referenced here . but to me , they 're still pretty good . the theme music , in my opinion , is every bit as good as the second theme , introduced when jeannie went to color in 1966 . the one thing that truly will drive the purists nuts is the fact that sony stripped off the old screen gems animation from the end of every episode . that logo was attached to so many classic shows from the 1960s and 1970s , and it is consistenly rated , along with viacom 's old blue v of doom , as the scariest logo in the history of television . the new sony outro does n't pack the same punch . still , if you liked jeannie way back when , you 'll love it now , especially since you can watch it anytime you like , without commercial interruption
if you do n't own this dvd you need to add it to your collection . in my opinion it is the best american animated film ever released
denzel washington is great but angelina jolie he is even better . the movie itself is pretty scary , to tell you the truth it 's not pleasant . there are some parts you do n't really need to see . the plot of the movie is interesting and keeps you wondering what is gon na happen next . i recommend watching it with somebody , cause it 's not pretty . but it 's a good movie .
i rediscovered this after a long time . this is a great series.i had never seen this in its entirety and look forward to seeing the third and fourth which i understand is not out yet.its a gem , love the storyline and costumes.,so authentic looking and of the period,even the dialogue.i wish there were more of this genre
i bought this movie for my coming of age daughter to watch with me . i enjoyed it so much in high school and was not surprised that she did also . times and styles may have changed , but i believe that teens still go through needing the sense of belonging as these teens in the movie did . simple , but great movie . my only regret is that it was n't close captioned
r.j . the raccoon ( bruce willis ) was just looking for something to eat as he stumbles into his bear friend 's ( nick nolte ) cave and accidently destroys his food , he has an entire week to find almost every scrap of food for him or else he dies . he finds a family of animals ( gary shandling , william shatner , wanda sykes , steve carrell , eugene levy , catherine o'hara , avril lavigne ) and uses them for his scheme to go over the large hedge near their territory to the suburbs where they steal food from the humans . later on , the home-owner gladys ( allison janey ) hires professional exterminator dwayne ( thomas hayden church ) to kill them but can rj save his own life or his new friends 's ? extremely entertaining and fantastic cgi animated comedy from the makers of " shrek 1 & 2 " , " antz " and " madagscar " dreamworks provides great realistic cgi and laughs for everybody . there 's also heart in this movie and shows the meaning of what it is like to have friends and be one 's true self instead of being selfish ! steve carrell 's character hammy the squirrel steals the show here as the best character in the movie , it 's a wonderful and hilarious movie that can be enjoyed by both kids and adults . this dvd has some good extras like two sneek previews to " shrek 3 " and " bee-movie " , audio commentary , behind-the-scenes featurette , vernetech commercial , games , meet the cast featurette and gallery . highly recommended ! the best dreamworks animated movie since " shrek 1 & 2 "
9 to 5 was the first film to address the glass ceiling . it takes a look at the workplace from a woman 's view . we first meet violet ( lily tomlin ) who has been working for consolidated companies for 12 years and has been overlooked for most of them . she trained her current boss and has the bruises to prove it . judy ( jane fonda ) is the new girl in the office . she is a divorcee ( he left her for his secretary ) and has never worked for a living . rounding out the heroines is doralee ( dolly parton in the film debut ) . she is the personal secretary of franklin hart ( dabney coleman ) and everyone thinks she is " banging the boss " . but the fun starts when violet is passed over for a promotion to a man she helped train . she then blurts out that hart has been spreading rumors that he 's been having an affair with doralee . and an employee is fired for a small infraction . this sends the three women to the local bar to drown their sorrows and they bond . each comes up with their fantasy way of killing the boss . judy is a big game hunter with hart as the prey . doralee plays role reversal and hart ends up on a rotisserie spit . but violet wants it to be like a fairy tale where she is snow white and the wicked witch and poisons hart . the next day , violet accidentally poisons hart 's coffee . when falls out of his chair and is knock unconscious , violet thinks she killed him . this leads to an all out comedy chase with violet steals the wrong corpse . the next day to the ladies surprise , hart shows up . the ladies regroup in the restroom but roz overhears them and reports it to hart . hart confronts the ladies but they wind up kidnapping him to find some incriminating evidence . the find something but it is going to take some time to get the evidence . over the next six weeks the ladies run the office in hart 's absence . hart escapes but the ladies changes have brought notice and hart is not above taking someone else 's glory . the subject matter here is very serious . so to do it as a comedy is very daring and it works perfectly . this is a film that many people identify with . everyone has had a boss or a teacher that oppressed them . and this film is what we all would like to do to these oppressors . you will laugh until it hurts . dvd extras : commentary by producer bruce gilbert and stars lily , jane and dolly  9 to 5 @ 25 - a 25 minute featurette with interviews with gilbert , writer director colin higgins and stars lily . jane , dolly and dabney coleman . deleted scenes - 10 mostly expanded scenes or alternate takes . the problem is without some kind of commentary we do not know why the scene was cut .
i wanted to do a grad school paper on something i was interested in researching and i picked hip-hop . after working for an underground hip-hop magazine , i 'd already familiarized myself with a lot of information that i was too young to understand ( being born in '81 ) . i visited the university of hip-hop in chicago , interviewed underground artists , and went to breaking shows in the illinois area . although i thought i was very familiar with hip-hop , after working with this magazine , i realized i knew nothing . so when i was given the chance to do my research paper , i knew that i would be able to learn even more than i already knew from working for the magazine . i watched the three parts of " beef " first and saw an ad for this movie in the extras section . honestly , the first thing that caught my eye was how gorgeous mr. wiggles was...but then after fully watching the preview , i realized this was the perfect movie for me to find out more about breaking . this movie documented the founding members , discussed the four elements of hip-hop , gave a lot of background information on kool herc and grandmaster flash , talked about the different techniques in breaking , the label " breakdancing , " the media 's dilution of breaking , the first movies that breaking was showcased in , new breaking groups...just a bunch of " firsts . " it was a great reference for my paper , i enjoyed watching it , and i could watch it over and over again . i have a lot of respect for the founders because without them , headz would n't have this beautiful culture to express ourselves physically , mentally , and verbally
honestly , i was n't certain about this film , in fact , at first i actually believed it was related to " chocolate . " i was terribly wrong yet most pleasantly surprised . upon first viewing , i did not laugh as much as the second time . yes , i tend to watch a film twice for i know we miss much the first time with our opinions and own theories . i can be more relaxed and open minded the second time . second viewing was a belly full of laughter . this is the best lesbian comedy i have ever seen . the acting was wonderful and the film was fast paced . now that i decided that this film is exceptional , it was time to put it to the test on others ( mostly women 20 's - 80 's years , some men . ) each person i shared this film with , either loaning it or viewing it together , all responded similarly : " this is a hysterically funny film . "  what is even more amazing is the brief allotted time the director accomplished in completing the filming process - about twenty-two days . congratulations , sometimes a tight budget can produce a true work of art . many short films i have seen on the " spiritual cinema circle " also have numerous low budget wonderful productions . hoorah for the film art genius . i applaud the entire talented cast and crew , especially actress , christine cox , her performance was exceptionally wonderful . i would like to see her in more comedies...she 's a natural . i fell " in love with her " and i am straight gal , as are all of the actresses except for frances . a must see funny film . i always wondered why the comedy male gay films always had that edge of humor when the lesbian films appeared more serious . we need more films that are as pleasurable and diversified as " better than chocolate " . thanks bunches .
if you like action , shooting , explosions , fire , pain , torture and revenge , this is a movie you 'll love . and , it stars one of the best actors in the world who is completely believeable in this role . a great storyline with intriguing twists plus situations and settings that are very close to reality .
he kept it real thats all i can say . aw yeah those people talkin bout its too much cussin . what u expect im from the hood and every other word i say is a cuss word . i just cant help it . everybody in the hood cusses . but anyways. .
frankly , the idea of a secret service agent having an affair with the president 's wife is way out there in the first place . ( michael douglas not withstanding ) . if you like keefer sutherland ( as in tv 's 24 ) you will probably like this movie ( his name could have been jack bower in this flick too . i thought it had good action , writing , acting and directing . i would not mind seeing keefer and michael teamed up again on the same side . i bought the dvd , but then again i collect movies for the actors .
i saw this show on pbs and was so enthralled with it that i just had to order it . the performances are priceless from folks who have passed on . i do n't know of any other way to be able to see yul brynner 's commanding king and i performance . loved it
i had been aware that once there was a show called " mr. show " , starring bob and david , and that it had been on hbo . but i had never been compelled to buy any of their dvds until this weekend , when the power of satan...um , compelled me to pick up the first two seasons . all i got ta say is : praise satan for leading me to this glory ! the first season , comprised of four episodes , is fantastic , with flashes of brilliance on " the gay porno video " , but it 's the second season that really will make you a fan . such oddities as f.f . woodycooks , only the british can fly , child-labor comedy writers , the iguana , and jeepers creepers : semi-star unleash the funny like you 'd never believe . mr. show proves that there is a market for intelligent , hilarious sketch comedy...on cable , or in the case of kith and monty python , imported from other countries . but mr. show is homegrown , it 's comedy at a breakneck speed , and there 's never a dull moment in either season . you 'll laugh , you 'll cry , you 'll learn how to fight crime with a " crime stick " and ice cream , and enjoy tofu-based products while your business goes to hell...led by a red balloon . " the security guard and i shared something in common...me !
this comedy volume is absolutely great . while i 'm a fan of the series , i thought this volume was more cutting edge than the next . definately do n't watch season 3 before seeing these seasons , because this is intellectual comedy that builds on previous episodes to some degree . it does n't move as fast as some comedy out there , but it all fits together better than most of what is on tv today
i have loved this movie ever since i saw it on television and watch it whenever it is on ( it 's been some time now ) and i plan to buy it . waterston has never been better as the understanding and loving father . i did n't realize when i first saw it that reese witherspoon was the daughter ( that was before reese witherspoon became reese witherspoon ) . a heartbreaking , beautifully acted and must-see film . rings true to life . they certainly do n't make movies like this anymore , and it 's a shame
some classic episodes indeed . all in the family broke new ground in television sitcoms . the world ws changing and liberalism was making its presence in many households . archie bunker 's old fashioned values were being challenged . it is certainly a bit scary how prejudiced archie bunker 's views were . organizing petitions against minorities moving into his neigborhood ? not willing to donate blood for the fear it will save someone of a different race or religion ? quite a shock to the system especially when its seen today where society is very sensitive to what you can say because it might offend someone . certainly a great show that makes you think about differing points of view and how we have evolved since the 1970 's . carol o'connor , jean stapelton , sally struthers , and rob reiner portray a slice of pie in ever changing times . all in the family spawned off may other great shows such as the jeffersons , maude , and indirectly good times . this first season was certainly a reverred one . just look at it with an open mind
great movie , great actors for such a sad part of the u.s. history ! it is great to see in this movie some men who really existed ( especially " stonewall " jackson ) . we do n't know if the personalities showed into the movie were really like this or if it is a pure fiction , but at the end of the day it 's not very important , because the historical interest is preserved
..without jessica alba.let 's imagine the same film as " the deep " with jacqueline bisset...a real sexy looking woman not a " teenager chica lookalike " with very poor acting..it seems the same director had a better choice in " blue crush " . the rest is absolutly great and represents a great moment of adventures . buy i
i grabbed this flick from the shelf on a very wet and miserable day at my local target.... craving the summer sun and needing an island vacation... . the cover appealled to me for these reasons and i admit i was not at all disappointed in the movie . the scenery was indeed spectacular . the underwater diving/snorkling scenes were clear , crisp , and just what the doctor ordered . even the sharks and rays made it all quite beautiful . ok , enough of the shallow stuff.... the movie was indeed much like the 70 's flick " the deep " which i enjoyed back then as well . the characters of jared and sam were pretty believable - poor , honest , and happy folks ( most of us would love to really be this happy - let 's face it ! ) the introduction of bryce ( played by scott caan ) really created an interesting balance of characters and how each reacted to the many dangers , twists , etc . overall , the bikinis and the buff guys added to the adventure many of us would love to have in our generally boring lives . would i want to deal with tiger sharks ? no , but a little excitement would beat the heck out of my boring 9-5 job every day .
see this it will shock you move you thrill you excite you chill you freak you out it 's one amazing , strange movie it really takes a while to understand it at times but it has many valuable lessons one can learn witherspoons performance is shattering and remarkable among other things . a great movie . will be seen more times then i can count the next times i play it in my playe
i liked this work out . it is very easy to follow . the instructor , who is very likable , gives good instructions . she gives each dance move a " fun " name , so it is easy to remember . i do this work-out when i want to work-out , but do not have as much energy as usual or i will do it as a warm-up to another work-out . it always puts me in a good mood . i liked that it contains a good warm up and an isolation section . if you are looking for a hard-core dance fitness work-out that leaves you grasping for air as you are drenched in sweat , this is not for you . if you are looking for a fun , easy work-out , then this is for you
my 2 year old loves watching the dvd as well as listening to the cd in the car . i have to admit that i have memorized all of the songs on the cd and the dances on the dvd too...they are very catchy and i find myself singing them to myself when my daughter is not even around ! the lyrics are really cute and the beats are great . simple music but very creative . i signed up for updates on laurie berkner 's website so i can find out when/if she ever comes to town so my daughter ( and i , of course ) can go see her . she is a great alternative to barney and all of the other commercial characters , who i do n't care much for . i have bought this dvd/cd combo for all of my friends who have kids
good introduction to qigong . mirror image instruction would have been helpful for some of the more complex moves and even some moves with back to the camera would have been helpful . overall relaxing and precise .
i loved the first and second season and was looking forward to season 3 . where is it ? i hope that it is released soon . it seems unfair to release two seasons and hold back on the ending ! a little unfair to the consumer do n't you think ! it is my understanding that 3 seasons is all there is . is that correct
ohhhh ! i caught this movie on regular tv and even with commercials it was good . i bought it so i would get the whole movie . i have watched it a couple times myself and also a couple more times with friends or family . a really amazing and edge of your seat movie and the ending will totally shock you !
this is definitely the best new anime series on the shelves . the storyline is great , but this should have been the last dvd . things are getting noticeably dragged out at this point and what really steams me is getting only 3 episodes on this disc after paying over $ 20 . that 's bogus . dvds can fit way more episodes on a single disc , and it 's a rip off the way anime is being marketed lately . the cowboy bebop series had 5 episodes per disc at the start , then dropped down to 4 . now it 's just getting worse . at this point i 'm starting to regret buying the stand alone complex series instead of renting it . i am going to buy volume 7 to see how things turn out , though . throughout the series i think disc 4 was my favorite
of course i enjoy this movie , i ordered it after so many years of searching for it... i love salsa music and the dancing. .
julie johnson is a quiet little film that deals with the frustrations facing a new jersey housewife and mother who married and birthed before she graduated high school and finds herself in a rigid relationship , longing for knowledge to change things . she considers herself stupid , sneaks science magazines to read when her overbearing husband is n't around , and finally gathers the courage ( while staring at the stars one night ) to change her plight . she takes a computer course , passes her ged and with the constant support of her dearest girlfriend gathers the courage to get out of the stifling marriage with her husband and study to improve her lot in life . along the way she discovers other secrets about herself , buried in the facade of a life she has led . she changes , relates to the world in a different way , and refuses to settle for returning to 'the old life ' when her husband returns promising her change . her relationship with her girlfriend proceeds to intimate levels , but in the end this friendship can not last , as her girlfriend does n't have the same goals . the story is simple , but in the hands of the writers wendy hammond and bob gosse and with gosse 's fine direction , the entire cast gives us an ensemble of disparate characters in whom we can all believe . lili taylor plays the lead with extraordinary skill and as her girlfriend courtney love gives a bravura performance . the remainder of the cast ( spalding gray , noah emmerich , gideon jacobs , mischa barton , et al ) is likewise strong . but it is taylor 's film and she offers one of her most poignant performances of her career . a thoughtful , sensitive , engrossing film . grady harp , september 0
if you sort of like edwin mccain , get this dvd , watch him live , and you will fall in love . he has such passion for his music that can only be seen , and felt during live performances . his amazing voice , is just as amazing live , and he and his band , can jam ! ! the energy is high , and its a great time ! i had the priviledge of meeting him , and blubbered like an idiot , but he is just as cool a guy as he seems . he really appreciates his fan base , and understands how important it is for us to see him live . im glad that finally , i can share with my friends who have never see edwin live , what an amazing artist he really is ! ! ! !
the much-celebrated fourth season of nbc 's long-running medical drama , er , is the recipient of two 1997-1998 emmy awards , three 1997-1998 screen actors guild awards , and one 1997-1998 golden globe award . fans of the show will be treated to roughly 16 hours chock full of trauma intertwined with personal and professional relationship trials between the doctors , nurses , support staff , and patients . the unrated six-disc set includes 22 episodes , spanish and french language subtitles , and numerous special features including outpatient outtakes , a " cutups " gag reel , " anatomy of an ambush " , and the " ambush live post-show " . outpatient outtakes allow viewers to watch deleted scenes straight from the cutting room floor , while the " ambush " special features include analysis and discussion of the live episode as well as the subsequent celebration among the cast and crew . the fourth season is ripe with talented and beautiful actors - some of the most adored cast members in er history . the primary cast includes returning favorites george clooney ( dr. doug ross ) , anthony edwards ( dr. mark greene ) , noah wyle ( dr. john carter ) , julianna margulies ( nurse carol hathaway ) , gloria reuben ( p.a . jeanie boulet ) , eriq lasalle ( dr. peter benton ) , laura innes ( dr. kerry weaver ) , and maria bello ( dr. anna del amico ) . also returning are paul mccrane ( dr. romano ) , william h. macy ( dr. morgenstern ) , and john aylward ( dr. anspaugh ) . new stars to the er this season include alex kingston ( dr. corday ) , mariska hargitay ( cynthia hooper ) , and yvette freeman ( nurse adams ) . recurring and special guest stars include lisa nicole carson , telma hopkins , dan hedaya , cch pounder , chad lowe , jorja fox , alan alda , harold perrineau jr . this season also plays host to intense storylines , and , of course , emergencies . the dvd set begins with the legendary " ambush " episode-er 's live season opener . additional ighlights of the season include : dr. greene dealing with the aftereffects of his mugging , his estranged family , and his wavering feelings for hooper ; dr. ross losing his father , and potentially his fiancand career ; physician assistant boulet dealing with hiv and the stigma associated with it ; benton 's relationships with his newborn son , his girlfriend carla , and his budding relationship with dr. corday ; the negative impact synergix ( an er management firm ) has on the lives of the staff ; carter trying to cope with his drug addicted cousin and personal issues with the remainder of his family ; and much more ! the fourth season er dvd is a must have for die hard er fans , as well as for anyone who just loves a well-written , well-established drama .
a very successful comedy . highly recommendable . players are magnificent . especially the final scene involving kevin cline 's dancing act is unforgettable . enables people to overcome deeply rooted prejudices about sexual practice.sociological context significant.leaves fine trails in spectators ' brains
i quite enjoyed watching this film , which is why i give it four stars , even though i think there are some things about it that are seriously problematic . so , why did i like it ? joan cusack , matt dillon , kevin kline ( in that order ) and also a passably funny script -- at least one that is well structured for a feel-good viewing experience . joan cusack is wonderful here . her blow-up at her wayward fiance after he stands her up is fantastic , and the scene where she stumbles from a bar out into the street , screaming " is this the twilight zone ? " at which point she collapses on the hood of matt dillon 's car ( in her wedding dress no less ) -- well , that scene is adorable , especially considering that it ends with some truly touching readings of shakespeare 's romeo and juliet -- a play that itself explores competing definitions of masculinity . yes , here is the heart of the film ( so i can not comprehend another viewer 's criticism that the bride is given nothing in this film ; she 's obviously going to marry the movie star , and get to eat cheetos into the bargain ) . matt dillon is , as ever , the essence of cuteness , and a much more desirable husband than kevin -- um , i mean howard . kevin kline does a decent job of mimicking howard , a repressed gay man . but it still feels like mimicking , rather than acting . here is also where the problems begin . i guess wearing a bow-tie means you are gay . and , similarly , the barbra streisand gag is beaten to death ( and beyond ) . how many times can the viewers tolerate being told that all gay men like barbra ? ? ! ! come on ! also , kline 's attempt to appear gay simply by giving us a limp hand gesture . . . not only is it not enough ; it 's really kind of humiliating . nonetheless , the final scene does give " mr. holland 's opus " a run for its money , and i ca n't deny it : i did really have fun watching this movie . it 's basically a sound little production , well structured , reasonably well written , and kevin kline can dance
i 'm not big on anime , but watching one episode got me hooked . the voices , the animation , the story , the characters and the music all blend so seamlessly that it is a joy to watch samurai champloo . each and every episode just engrosses you deeper and deeper into the story line leaving you wanting for more .
if you are bored with kurosawa 's faithful decpition of historical samurai ( and who would be ? ) , if you think the samurai genre has been overused and outdated...then get ready for the hip-hop remix version of the age old genre : samurai champloo . directed by shinichiro watanabe , the man who brought us cowboy bebop and 2 shorts in animatrix , with character design by kazuto nakazawa , kill bill vol . 1 fame , we are treated to a world that would have made the wu-tang clan feel right at home . the action is off the wall with the two main characters treating us to two styles of fighting that are the very antithesis to each other . one follows the strict laws of bushido while the other adheres to a style that can only be described as being the breakdance of sword play . the music is all modern hip-hop , no moody asian flare here . the story is about the adventures of these two warriors as they escort a pessant girl across japan in search of a samurai who 's only distinquishing characteristic is that " he smells like sunflowers . " lack of money , food , and patience is a recipe for disaster and wacky hi-jinks in this adventure-comedy . rated 16 + ( the equivilent of r in the us ) for bloody violence and language . a must for any samurai genre fan
i loved this play . tyler perry and his ability to make you laugh ( and cry ) is a blessing from god . you can watch this with everyone in your family .
" the good earth " must be considered a " milestone movie . " as yet , there is no dvd but one packed with out-takes about the making of this film would be especially welcome . there was no oscar given for outstanding visual effects until 1939 ; otherwise , " the good earth " would have 'taken home ' that award ! the lovely luise ranier did win " best actress " award . the 1937 movie was based on pearl buck 's novel that won the pulitzer prize in 1932 . interest in " the good earth " was revived in fall 2004 when it was selected for " oprah 's book club " . perhaps women 's rights advocates should also give it a boost ? the story is about china in the 1900s . a simple farmer , wang lung , is 'given ' ( by his father ) the slave o-lan , for his bride . i do not remember much from childhood about this film , but i definitely do not recall paul muni having such a mouthful of teeth ! ( special effecrs ? ! ) luise ranier had won an oscar the previous year for her role in the " ziegfield follies " -- what a contrast ! here she is the completely docile , loyal wife ; as someone wrote , she was bound to her husband in " eternal servitude . " and her devotion was betrayed . partly through the machinations of " uncle " . at every time of crisis in the story along comes ( groan ! ) the crafty , manipulatve uncle ( walter connolly ) who whines & wheedles - - inserting humor ( ? ) into the script and at the same time destroying family amity . from the internet movie database are the prophetic words of former slave o-lan : " when i go back in that house , it will be with my son in my arms . i 'll have a red coat on him... and red flower trousers... and a hat with a gilded buddha and tiger-faced shoes , and i 'll go into the kitchen where i spent my days as a slave and into the great hall where the old mistress sits with her pipe , and i 'll show myself and my son to all of them . " ( smiles , contented ) wang lung : " well... now , i.. . i have n't heard you speak so many words since you came to this house . "  is n't the photography impressive for having been shot nearly seventy years ago ? i found the quality of framed camera shots surprising & the production of many scenes quite amazing . read susan wong 's wonderfully perceptive review on amazon.com . today 's movie-goers do n't seem to care about " true life " documentation in films , but animation could n't convince as the 1930s true-life locusts do ! that tired word " awesome " truly fits this vintage film : the choking drought & famine , the beautiful 'condensed ' story of harvesting when they must survive the fury of a storm , and the terrifying scenes of revolutionary uprisings . reviewer mchaiku hails this film , and others that made an impact on my childhood !
i 've seen this movie on tv a few years ago , but it just would n't leave my mind , so i ordered the dvd . it 's one of those movies you wo n't forget , because everyone of us has some kind of 'coach ' , as mitchell calls it . morrie is a great coach , and if you watch this movie , you will see why it is so heartbreaking . an old , wise man , a long lost friend , who teaches the last course in his life . at home . one student . a must have seen
what a cast ! mark wahlberg , reese witherspoon , william l. petersen , amy brenneman and alyssa milano are all terrific in this taut thriller about an innocent girl ( witherspoon ) and her seemingly perfect boyfriend ( wahlberg ) . of course , the boyfriend is really a borderline psycho and a stalker . wahlberg turns in a spectacular yet subtle performance . william petersen ( csi ) is outstanding as the witherspoon 's concerned father who has way too many issues himself . this film is a hidden gem . buy it . . . you will not be disappointed
otto preminger 's exodus is a very well made film . this is a big film and director preminger is a master at handling films of this scale . he is a master technician and he tells this story on that level rather than showing anything highly stylistic in nature . well , that is preminger 's style , straighforward and technically proficient movie making .
i got a kick out of one of the recent reviews that trashes this movie as unrealistic -- the kids are not doing what they need to do to get into college . good grief . since when is a musical ever realistic ? ? especially one that is geared to kids . hello ? ? ! ! it 's not supposed to be realistic ! if you expect realism , go elsewhere . but if you want to have some fun with a great message not-so-subtly woven in , then watch this movie . kids love it ( mine do along with anyone else i 've talked to ) , and the message is just terrific ~ it 's okay to be yourself with all kinds of wild likes , dislikes , hobbies , etc. , no matter what anyone else thinks . i love it ! i ca n't even begin to say how much better this is than " grease , " the high school musical of my day where the heroine had to give in and become a slut to get what she wanted and be " happy . " relax with your kids , go get some popcorn , and have some fun with the wildcats kids from " highschool musical .
my children ( ages 6 and 11 ) absolutely love high school musical . my son 's drama club is preparing to perform it this spring , and he 's very excited about trying out for a part . i enjoyed watching it as well . the musical is set in a fairy tale high school , but what musical is n't a fairy tale ? puppy love and teen rivalry ... all done in a family-friendly disney way . walt would have been proud
ouzon explores the feminine universe through the lives and times of 8 women around the sudden crime of the only man of the house . 8 women , every one of them with their affective lacks , their tribulations . little miseries , sorrows and disillusions . each one oft them is potentially suspicious of having murdered marcel . the admirable photography and colossal arrangement of a beautiful stage , with a sublime red carpet that remind us bergman in cries and whispers plus the visible and well deserved homage top alfred hitchcock ( vertigo ) expressed warmly in the last quarter of the film , plus the additional musical numbers make of this film an absolute and delicious feast to your senses . a must-see !
this is , as most critics agreed , the best of the trilogy . abrams ' crisp direction keeps this film moving at breakneck speed from start to finish , including a few twists along the way . i was thoroughly entertained by this outstanding action film . the only thing i did n't like.... the short pause in the middle of the film , probably for a change between the dual layers . very annoying !
if you are interested in computer history and the fight between microsoft and apple still very hot today this is a must have dvd
there is not enough footage on the feud with macho man randy savage . i prefer to see entire matches and more in depth behind the scenes regarding the whole story . what did the macho man think about it ? unfortunately we can never get to hear from ms elizabeth . would these be included in a future macho man dvd set ? i was always wondering if that was even legal to use a snake to bite another guy , especially in front of a huge live audience including kids . i was totally shocked when i first saw that on tv back in the 80 's . yes , that 's hardcore . deadly scary hardcore ! that should not happen in the first place . the story involving steamboat is well covered . it is a good example of how dangerous certain things can be . it is easy to think of something to do but actually doing it is another thing . there should be a line which should not be crossed . how can a real heavyweight guitar be used by honky tonk to hit jake over the head ? human error ? hm... nowadays tripe h is using a hammer to hit others on the head . i guess a guitar is not a big deal by today 's standard . enough is enough . we do n't need accidents ! they may be an unevitable part of sports , but not part of " entertainment . "
i first saw this in the theatre because i like dennis quaid and scarlett johansson . i had never really seen topher grace outside of 'that 70 's show ' which i never kept up with on a regular basis . i fell in love the movie first time i saw it and bought it soon after it came out on dvd . mr. grace plays a 26 year-old executive moving up faster in the world than his experience allows him to comprehend . he 's become such a machine in a competivie world that he 's loses his way in life . i was able to relate to his character very well and assume many my age did too . one of mentor 's has told me repeatedly that the mid-twenties can be one of the roughest times in life . so many things are going at once on so many levels . to me , this movie captured that . paul weitz did a great job writing this . the cast was exquisite
i 've been waiting for this to come out on dvd since i first saw it back in july . i still ca n't understand why the critics just did n't get this one . this has to be one of the best second films ever made in a trilogy . the addition of davy jones was brilliant . it made the film much darker and more dramatic . johnny deep was superb as usual . i still ca n't believe that the film made $ 400 million dollars domestically and over $ 1 billion dollars worldwide . it 's surreal . but everything about this movie was so on point that it 's not too surprising that it exceeded the first film . i enjoyed this one more than the original . i thought the story was more interesting on this occasion . although , you had to wonder what was going to happen in the absence of geoffrey rush 's character . he and depp played so well off each other in the first film it was hard to imagine the second film going on without him . it was a huge void to fill . but enter bill nighy as davy jones and all is well . i guess that 's one reason why " dead man 's chest " woks the way it does . billy nighy gives an a-list performance . and when you add in orlando bloom and keira knightly , it 's money in the bank . the only trilogy in my book that ranks higher is the original " star wars . " yes , i prefer " pirates " over tlotr . although , perhaps my comments are premature since " at world end " has n't even been released yet . should that be a dud , then of course the whole thing falls apart . but here 's hoping that the third time is a charmer . if you own the first " pirates " on dvd then you have to get this . do n't miss out .
i 'd give 4 stars for this dvd release . the movie itself has a special place for anyone who grew up watching soviet movies . to relate the atmosphere of an old 60 's soviet " eastern " is not easy to an american viewer , and i believe a better english dubbing could do this movie a better justice . besides that , it 's a must have , particularly for any russian ex-pat
one of john hughes best films,ferris bueler made me laugh harder than any other hughes film . the though of one high schooler having an entire town behind his back makes you wish you were him.i love this film
i was amased at how very well acted , directed and written this movie was . the dialogue was sharp and you might have to watch twice to get all the subtle quips . everyone was well cast . it is great movie for anyone and transcends the lesbo-film cliche . it transcends because the themes are universal and you forget it 's a " gay " movie . if you hated " go fish " like i did , you 'll love this movie and go " whew " for this film - it saves our lesbian cinema souls ! buy it ! you wo n't be sorr
leave it to the coen brothers to make werner heisenberg 's uncertainty principle the crux of a film noir , and darned if they do n't make a good case for it in " the man who was n't there . " ( typically , they put their argument in the mouth of a loutish lawyer who ca n't even remember heisenberg 's name . ) chain-smoking nebbish barber ed crane ( billy bob thornton ) makes the only decisive ( and dishonest ) action of his life , and thus begins a chain of events that ends in the doom of himself and several , mostly not-so-innocent , bystanders . in " the man who was n't there , " the phrase " decisive action " is an oxymoron ; everything crane and the other characters do is governed solely by chance . everything that happens--from the wrong stranger turning up at the wrong time to a horribly timed punch in the face--changes everything forever , and always for the worse . set in 1949 in santa rosa , calif. ( a tip of the hat to hitchcock and " shadow of a doubt , " perhaps ? ) " the man who was n't there " looks perfect . like every other coen film , it 's a marvel of production design , and the genius photographer roger deakins nails to a tree the dusty black-and-white look of such classic noirs as " double indemnity " and " out of the past . " thematically , however , " the man who was n't there " resembles nothing so much as a much more elegant , much better acted remake of edgar g. ulmer 's " detour , " in which the characters drift in a low-rent sartrean hell , totally the victims of fate . but whereas " detour " is more than the sum of its parts , " the man who was n't there " is less . the coen brothers may believe in chance , but on the screen they leave nothing to chance , so that everything in " the man who was n't there " is too perfect . in the end the film has the same overstudied , clinical quality that afflicts every coen film except " fargo . " ( it must be admitted , though , that only one coen film-- " the hudsucker proxy " --is ruined by that quality . ) the acting is as superb as in any coen film . thornton--in a role that is nearly wordless except for the voiceover narration tying the plot together--burns a hole in the celluloid with his intense , hangdog gravity . there are also glittering supporting performances by frances mcdormand as thornton 's philandering wife doris ; james gandolfini as her paramour and boss ; jon polito as a shady businessman ; michael badalucco as thornton 's motormouth brother-in-law ; scarlett johansson as the teenager thornton chastely fancies ; and especially tony shalhoub , nearly stealing the picture as freddy riedenschneider , defense attorney extraordinaire .
i was not privy to the world of christopher guest until a friend of mine told me that if i liked ` drop dead gorgeous ' then i would flip over any of guest 's films . the video store only had one in , and that was ` best in show ' and i 'm sooooo glad they had it . this film has to be one of the funniest films i 've ever seen , a complete riot from beginning to end . as a true ` mockumentary ' every scene is shot pretty much adlib and you can sense the intended on the spot dialog as everyone is being interviewed and or followed around to ` document ' the mayflower dog show . the film follows a group of dog owners as they get ready to show their little bundles of joy . there 's jennifer coolidge and patrick crenshaw play leslie and sherri ann ward cabot ( total spoof on the whole anna nicole smith scandal ) , owners of a prize winning poodle who 's won ` best in show ' 2 years straight , and with the help of lesbian handler christy cummings ( jane lynch ) hopefully she 'll win for a third . then there 's harlan pepper ( christopher guest himself ) , a southern bloodhound owner who dreams of being a ventriloquist . and there 's power comic couple eugene levy and catherine o'hara who play the flecks , owners of a terrier , who struggle with mrs. flecks long line of previous lovers . there are lovers stefan & scott ( michael mckean & john michael higgins ) who spoil their shih tzu 's and each other . but finally we have the star couple of the show , the neurotic meg and hamilton swan ( parker posey & michael hitchcock ) , owners of beatrice , and beautiful yet disturbed and ` negative ' weimaraner who 's been traumatized by the sight of this young couple having sex . their antics , arguments and strange affection to their dog is some of the funniest scenes in the whole film , and their chemistry is pure brilliance . the film brilliantly pokes fun at a sport taken way to serious , and with fred willard as the commentator of the show the film is filled with barrel rolls from start to finish
a great behind-the-scenes look at decisions that shaped history - and nearly killed all of us . cross-reference this with the more recent kennedy biographies for a wider , sobering context . this is the sort of thing that the bush administration should have watched before deciding to invade iraq .
next friday was so much better than the first one . with much more funnier scenes . and this movie is reccommended for everyone
this is a sweet comedy with alot of formula but it works ! sometimes you have to fight for love and it takes something like a movie star moving in on the girl to push you to action . predictable but funny . is n't love worth fighting for
ferris bueller ( matthew broderick ) is a kind of hero to every high-school aged young adult out there . he 's the kind of guy whom we all want to be , really . he acts like he does n't have a care in the world , and lives life to fullest . the opposite of this guy would be his best friend cameron frye ( alan ruck ) , a sort of uptight worrywart who deserves to be brought out of his shell by the easygoing ferris . in this film , ferris fakes out his parents into calling it another " sick " day for him , his ninth to be exact . in order to convince just about everyone that he is really sick , he consults his collection of electronic sound effect equipment for the process . another antithesis of ferris is his life-is-not-fair sister jeannie ( jennifer grey ) who suspects something is up , as does the sly-but-not-so-slick dean of students , ed rooney ( jeffrey jones ) . it 's funny how so many trains of thoughts seem to dominate this movie and in the events that happen for instance , ferris says that he has to keep coming up with new illnesses in order to make 10 sick days . it 's amazing ; people , like his parents who are most easily duped , would think that this one sick kid when in reality , he 's having a ball . however , knowing that if he gets cauught and may not graduate , he decides to make this one count and be worthwhile . ferris and cameron bail out ferris ' girl sloane ( mia sara ) with a dead grandmother ploy , and together the trio spend the day doing the town in chicago driving the '61 gt convertible ( oh , yeah ! ) . this movie has a special message and feeling to it that 's as old as time . it 's about conquering fears mostly and just really appreciating life . for after all , as our hero says : " life moves pretty fast ; if you do n't stop to take a look every once in a while , you might miss it . " that 's the moral of the story , really . " bueller...bueller...bueller ? " not here , but he 'll be there in your own home sharing his funny but wise philosophies of life , and showing you how to open your eyes in making the most of every day
highly enjoyable tale of the life of marty maher , the irish immigrant who rose from humble waiter to become west point 's beloved athletic trainer and football coach for more than 50 years . despite personal tragedies , and through two world wars , maher inspired generations of young men who came through the distinguished army officers ' academy , including future legends like omar bradley and dwight d. eisenhower . tyrone power is excellent and compelling as he portrays maher from young idealist to elderly sage , irish accent intact all the way . the scenery and west point pageantry is fun to watch ( although some of it looks like it was filmed inside a studio -- but much else looks like it may have been filmed at the military academy ) . interestingly , there 's not really all that much football in this film -- there 's a little , but it 's mainly the story of maher and his family , and the young men he came to love like his own sons . with the flame-haired maureen o'hara as maher 's irish wife mary , giving a radiant performance . sentimental in that '50s way , of course , but the legendary director john ford ( working with a cast made up of many of his favorites ) always puts a bite behind the sweetness
when i read the description it mentions being able to personalize your workouts . i thought , " yeah , right . " but you really can pick and chose and combine what you want . you can combine high intensity arms with low intensity abs and medium intensity cardio . it is up to you . or you can choose from the basic low , medium , or high intesity workouts . this is a great workout dvd and denise is pretty easy to follow for the most part . i 'd recommend it for anyone of any workout level who wants to exercise in the privacy of their own home
pbs did an outstanding job in putting this documentary together . it covers his entire life and career and includes scenes from some of his lesser known and much more difficult to find films . the documentary includes many interview pieces with kurosawa himself which gives you some added insight into what the man was really like . also , there are comments from noted japanese film historian donald richie . as a kurosawa fan watching this on pbs when it aired , the hour and forty five minutes seemed like about half an hour . it is an excellent documentary about perhaps the greatest director of the twentieth century
this is a work of genius . it is creative , original , funny and well done . that being said , it is probably not for everyone . this wonderful takes as its starting point a couple of very minor character from shakespeare 's hamlet . these are the stars of the show . in hamlet , they are merely a couple of friends of the prince called in to help deal with hamlet 's melancholia . they appear briefly and are gone . the last mention of them comes when the royal court hears a message that rosencrantz and guildenstern are dead . they are merely there to drive forward the story of the prince . in this work , the hapless two are called in for the same purpose but the story centers around them . the spend the entire film trying to figure out what is happening to themselves and to those around them . as they discuss existential questions , the tragedy of hamlet plays out around them . it is quite funny but some background helps . it helps a great deal if you are comfortable with elizabethan speech . whole pieces are lifted from shakespeare and the added dialog is of the same style . it helps if you are familiar with hamlet . that makes understanding the context easier . it is great fun if you have some knowledge of physics . rosencrantz spends the whole film on the verge of making monumental discoveries in basic physics but is thwarted at each turn . it 's is fun .
nothing quite like this show for the writing and character talent . every one of the major players in the series has a talent for overacting that even william shatner would envy , and even without the writing the facial expressions and delivery are frequently close to hysterical . as anybody who has seen this show knows , the writing is very original and energetic but is able to transition seamlessly into double-entendre and innuendo with a cleverness usually reserved for british comedy . ( although , as " children " of the three stooges , americans are , i think , accustomed to somewhat heavier-handed comedy . )  for those who do n't know this series , it definitely is too bawdy to watch with kids ( i would n't let mine watch with me until they are at least 20 , by which time they will probably find this material boring ) . if you are assembling a comedy collection , however , this series fills a unique niche . my only complaint is that the packaging is a bit second rate . it does n't even come in a box , but rather in a little " accordion-folder " package which is neither aesthetic nor practical ( ca n't stack ) nor particularly protective . it is also hard to remove the disks from the center catches without damaging them ( i chipped one first thing out of the box despite expecting trouble , but fixed with carefully trimmed packaging tape ; works fine )
i am a huge anime fan , and this is by far the best . lem me just say , god i ca n't even find the words to describe to you how wonderul this series is . it inspires hope and takes the viewer on a journey into myth and fantasy . the whole series is actually based on a true story in japan . a few hundred years ago , the entire population of wolves in japan became extinct . there are people there , even today that report wolf sightings occasionally : )  if you 're a fan of wolves , or looking for something a little different , check this dvd out ! the musics great , the drawing is perfect -- not just a random bunch of stills like most animes , but actual movement ! you get 4 episodes per dvd , each is a little over 20 minutes long . this dvd includes :  19 . a dream of an oasis -- this episode takes place right after the incident at the keep . kiba finds a place where he is truly happy , and wonders if he has finally found paradise . 20 . consciously -- this is by far my favorite episode in the entire series . it has gorgeous music , and the scene by the lake will stay with you forever , just brilliant . 21 . battle 's red glare -- orcom 's men are fighting against an enemy , and the wolves are caught in the middle . we see a lot of blue in this episode ( she 's so cute as a puppy : ) and cher . 22 . pieces of a shooting star -- the group decides to cross a sea of ice , but it turns out not to be such a good idea : ( toboe goes crazzy and we finally getta see the runt kill some stuff . i ca n't say enough about this series -- unless you 've seen the whole thing , you ca n't judge it . it 's made by the same people as " cowboy beebop " and this dvd is preparing us for the typical bones conclusion ; ) the next dvd is way sad and very depressing ; no matter how tough you are , you will be crying by the end
okay...when i heard about the brat pack movie and music collection i was pretty sure that it was probably just a rehash of the high school reunion collection which was released several years ago . both sets were released by universal . fear not , i am here to tell you about the differences . the first thing that is painfully obvious about this set is the choice of movies . like it 's closest cousin the high school reunion collection , the brat pack movie and music collection includes the exact same movies- " the breakfast club , " " sixteen candles " and weird science . " the cover art on the dvd 's is the same , no new bonus material with each film that i detected . it has been mentioned time and time again that the choice of movies is a bit off . no one even really pegged this acting group " the brat pack , " until around 1985 . molly ringwald was one of the best known brat pack members and " sixteen candles " helped to start the whole brat pack phenom but no one ever considered " weird science " a brat pack movie . trust me , i remember the 80 's . it always seemed like it would make more sense to include " st elmo 's fire " or " pretty in pink " in with this set . this is painfully clear with the bonus music disc included . the music cd includes the following songs- " true " by spandau ballet , " tenderness " by general public , " if you leave " by omd , " weird science , " by oingo boingo , " oh yeah " by yello ( which was in " ferris bueller 's day off " , pretty in pink by the psychedelic furs , " do n't you forget about me , " by simple minds and " i go crazy " by flesh for lulu . why include music from " pretty in pink " and not include the movie ? on to the packaging . the packaging is very unique and makes the set worth owning . i own over 100 tv on dvd and box sets and nothing is like this . the dvd 's are held in what is literally a three ring binder and the dvd 's are in sleeves instead of jewel cases . on the back page of the binder is a pop quiz . for the most part it is very similar to the highschool reunion collection but it 's nice to have the bonus cd and the cool packaging . however , it would have been nice if universal would have given fans who bought the previous set a little more inspiration to purchase this new collection . one must assume they must not own the rights to " pretty in pink " ( it 's listed as a parmount dvd ) because that is easily one of the best known brat pack movies and it seems insane that it is not included in a set with the term brat pack associated with it .
one of the many reasons we love movies is how they make us feel , how they make us react . " dave " , a wonderful ivan reitman political confection is one of those rare movies we watch over and over again to get that warm fuzzy we all need from time to time . kevin kline shines as the president 's sweet natured slightly goofy stand in after the the chief executive suffers a major stroke while boffing an aide . the rest of the supporting cast also turn in exceptional performances as does the film score music which frames the film beautifully . the relationships between dave and the first lady as well as dave and the head secret service man at the white house are especially touching . i absolutely love this movie . you will too .
the question at hand in the film paradise lost is not as much did these three teenagers commit this heinous act , but rather was there enough evidence to convict them for the murders . the answer , presented by material in the film , is an unflinching no . there was only speculation and rumor to convict the three . the film 's strengths are that it does n't preach , at least not in an overly wrought narrative , and it contains intimate moments with the accused and their families as well as the families of the victims . i can understand the pain and confusion of the victim 's families . what is hard to understand is the bloodlust and need for revenge and retribution that immediately takes hold of them . the victims ' families are the most terrifying aspect of this film . at one point the mother of the byrnes child says in a hateful and spiteful tone " i hate them.. . i hate them and the mother 's that bore them . "  is there anything wrong with being hellishly angry with someone who has butchered your child ? no , quite natural really . but the point of this film is that judgment was passed on these kids long before the trial even started . i imagine the bible belt is a very scary place to be raised in.. . i 'll have to ask brad pitt what he thinks about it some time . on the issue of the prosecution . they had next to nothing . a very questionable confession from a terrified kid , jessie , with a 72 iq , hearsay from a couple of kids who claim they heard damien bragging about the murder but have no proof , a knife found behind damien 's house which does n't match the wounds on the bodies , and the assertion that because damien read about wicca , he must be a satanist . to look at the three kids is also an interesting aspect of the film . jessie , a very small and slow kid seems a bit lost in the world . his iq is low but he has no previous records of any type of behavior that would associate him with murder . jason speaks in short breathless words and seems also to suffer from a low iq . damien is the key to everything in this film though . the defense made the key mistake of letting damien take the stand for two reasons . the first reason is that damien appears to have add and after the first 10 minutes of questioning he sort of fades away and answers in bland yes and no 's . the second reason , and the most important , is that damien is obviously extremely bright . normally this would n't seem to be a problem but judging from every single person the filmmakers put on camera , smart people are hard to come by in that area of the world . damien scared them . all of this adds up to the fact that there was not enough evidence to put these kids away and there were other , more sinister and shocking , suspects that needed to be pursued . the war rages on for the west memphis three and it is indeed frightening to think that they did it , and terrifying to think they did n't
if you judge this movie using the same checklist you would for " a beautiful mind " or even " lord of the rings " you 've missed the boat . this movie is a bit more foolish than the others and that is what 's so great about it . see this movie through the eyes of a child and allow it to make you laugh , to gross you out , to surprise you with its clever twists of plot , to amaze you with heroes that defy all odds , and to capture your imagination with peculiar pirates ' treasures .
all of these bad reviews confuse a movie they did n't like with a badly made movie . this is a very well made movie , with perfectly competent performances . the tone is quite serious , and the ending wo n't cheer anyone up . but then there are many people who loved titanic , which i found utterly depressing . more to the point , though , who cares about the problems of these rich kids ? not me . the real reason to watch this is to see molly ringwald at her most beautiful . and if you enjoy this film , check out less than zero , another gloomy but solid ( & underrated ) '80s film . the worst '80s film is bright lights , big city - do n't say i did n't warn you !
i fell in love with this movie me and my husband . and that is funny because usually we do n't have the same taste in movie
this is a wonderful movie to keep the kids ( and quite possibly yourself ) entertained during an otherwise-hectic holiday . i laughed , i cried , ( really , i did ) and i just really enjoyed it
i 'll admit that i 'm a johnny-come-lately to the " madea " series , finally seeing this compilation at the insistence of my teenaged niece . creator tyler perry and his alter-ego , the opinionated , pistol-packing , chain-smoking ( never lit , by the way ) " madea , " have starred in several successful stage plays and subsequent theatrical film versions to the delight of fans , mostly african-american , nationwide . though the stories feature the tried-and-true clich    d characters ( the belligerent teenager , the devoted wife , the straying husband , the vixens , the lotharios , etc . ) and situations ( infidelity , promiscuity , straying from the church , comedic funerals , obnoxious and overbearing family members ) , perry 's productions also introduce a bit of spirituality with each story 's ending dependent upon divine intervention making things right . some of the acting performances are a little over the top , and the musical selections , though sung with gusto and relish by the gifted vocalists , are weak in the lyrics department ; however , as a whole , the respective productions are entertaining and inspirational . perry has tapped into a market that is unconsciously ignored by hollywood , and is having great success on both the stage and screen . this compilation lets the viewer experience and/or revisit those money-making stage shows .
inliked the film in the theater and i like the film now . the plot does not drag and does not bore
i was really impressed by this film and i must congratulate hollywood for presenting the soviet war machine in such a realistic way . the direction was fine , the actors well chosen , the script very good and harrison ford 's acting top quality . i think this film was superior to older ones like " the hunt for red october " or " crimson tide " whose story was rather flat and predictable . the key advantage of the film is the intense psychological charging of the crew 's attempts to cool the damaged reactor and the marvellous portrait of traditional russian self-sacrifice
kids will be kids ! within being a kid is the freedom to be intuitive , honorable and brave . these raw qualities displayed so well by the young man in the movie allows even adults to spring to the occasion of the pure gut feeling of " love . " risk becomes only the next step . susan sarondon is superb in her charactor of strength , courage , wit and willingness to go up against the big , tough bad guys with all the money and power . tommy lee jones is convincing as he portrays one of the money and power " fools .
this is an excellent movie if you like war flicks . it made me angry being from the vietnam generation also . it shows how pointless war is and what a waste of good men . the acting from all the cast was top class . i highly recommend this movie . it may be slow at first , but the action later is amazing
richard dryfuss and holly hunter are fabulous in this wonderful remake of " a guy named joe " . full of great flying , laughs with john goodman , and a special appearance of audrey hepburn in her last film . you 'll love it
as you can tell from my other reviews , i own a lot of kathy smith dvd 's . the reason is she has solid workouts that are fun and she has great cue-ing and instruction . she always cues from your point of view , when she says left it 's your left , which makes it easy to mirror her on the screen . this step workout has 3 segments , designed for beginner , intermediate and advanced . the beginner should stop after segment 1 and go to the cooldown . the intermediate stepper should finish segments 1 and 2 and then proceed to the cooldown . the advanced stepper can do all 3 segments before cooling down . each segment gives you two options : high impact ( power moves ) or low impact . higher impact consists of modifying low impact moves to contain more jumps . one person in each segment does the low impact moves so you can follow her . segment 1 : 12 minutes long . easy to follow basic stepping . kathy and company use a springboard step but any step ( or even no step for beginners ) will work just fine . segment 2 : 13 minutes long . slightly more intense than segment 1 and more add on sequences . after you 've been stepping 6 minutes kathy moves to squats and lunges which gives you a rest and lets your heartrate lower . this is my only complaint about this video , i wish she would have added this at the end of the entire video and continued cardio through the entire 2nd segement . however , this segment only lasts ~ 4 minutes so it 's not that big of a deal . there is a heart rate check after this segment . segment 3 : 12 minutes . the step is switched to the other position for a bit more variety . a few squats and leg lifts in sequence finish out this segment . there is a 5 minute cooldown and a little bit of a stretch ( probably wo n't be adequate for most people after this workout ) . she has a safety demonstration after the cooldown where she promotes the step she shows in the video , but should be viewed by first time steppers to make sure they do it properly .
i 'm giving this item five stars simply because the disc itself is grand - you receive one of the greatest mgm musicals ever conceived and it 's bolstered by quite nice extras . that much you can be assured of . i 'm writing this particular review because of warner bros. insistance on using fragile , cheaply made cardboard sleeves rather than the standard plastic dvd cases . the problem with these warner cases is that the pins holding the disc can break if even the slightest pressure is applied to the case , rendering it 's capability the actually hold the disc useless . and unlike the plastic cases , the warner ones can not be replaced save for returning the disc to the original purchase place or attempting to contact the manufacturer ( good luck with that , by the way ) . another problem lies with the fact that it 's made out of cardboard - when you remove the anti-theft stickers almost invariably the sticker will peel some of the artwork off the cover . this can occur even when you 're carefully attempting to slowly peel the sticker off . the reason i feel the need to mention this is i own dozens of warner movies , and well over half of them are damaged in this manner and irreplaceable outside of purchasing a new one ( not likely , greedy bros. )  to be fair , warner has finally began producing plastic cases with some of their newest releases - the top-notch film noir and gangster collections offer the films in splendid little plastic cases . but titles like " kiss me kate " , " rebel without a cause " , " broadway melody of 1940 " , and even " wizard of oz " are still only available in these sad cardboard cases .
i loved this play . it provided drama suspense , comedy , inspiration , and great music . tyler perry has done it again . sit back relax and enjoy the message
i just watched this movie last night . i came across the title on someone 's myspace and being a jared leto fan i wanted to watch it . i had also read a few reviews and talked to some people who said the film was riveting . riveting is the very least i can say about this film . it is as the amazon editorial review puts it , " a tour through hell . " this film makes you think . the fact that all the addicts succumbed to their addictions seems a little out there to me but i keep wondering is it so far fetched . . . ? how many people are there that actually do escape addictions ? you might escape one but more than likely you will soon replace it with another . during the film i kept trying to see the positive side of it all and hoping that there was some middle ground ; some little piece of hope left . i was wrong . the film did n't depict drug use the way that i had expected to see it ; the way i had seen it depicted in countless other films . all of the ugly aspects of drug use were put out there for your viewing pleasure . personally i found it painful to watch . there were moments when i actually thought of turning it off but for some reason continued to watch . i think that reason was the hypnotic trancelike style of the film . the truth is that i could n't stop watching . the film put me directly in the shoes of the addict . i felt like the addicts in the film . . . my hands sweaty and my heart pounding . i could n't close my eyes . i want to see it again sometime . i would like to watch it with my husband . i bought the movie before i had ever watched it the first time . the film was painfully realistic , genuinely graphic , appalling and appealing at the same exact time . a must see . overall i think it is a wonderful film to add to any collection . personally it is probably one of the best movies i have ever watched . i think the acting in the movie was outstanding , the direction was genius , and the plot was amazingly horrific . all in all this is an 5 star film
a deeply emotional film about addiction , love , and family just to some , but when you watch this film you take something with you , something to be greatful for that everyone takes for granted , life . each character in this film has a heart breaking unhappy ending , really depressing movie but worth a look at least once . marlon wayans and jennifer connelly were extremely good but ellen burstyn broke my heart her performance rocked
i teared up when i heard the music from the theme song to the electric company for the first time in 30 years . i grew up with this show and now my children are learning from it too . thanks to whoever arranged to have it released on dvd . it was and still is a great show
i agree with some of the reviews where the quality is not as good as say baby einstein videos , however , i still recommend this video for children just learning to speak or with speech delay . my two year old son was not frightened by the woman in the black turtleneck although i agree that the facial expressions are pretty bland . i love the tips on helping your child with speech and language at the end of the dvd . my son is already trying to make new sounds since watching for only a few days . the video has given us new ideas on helping our son progress with his speech and language development . hope this review helps those that are on the fence about purchasing .
according to imdb , " moulin rouge " was shot in 1.37 , not widescreen . therefore you 're not losing that much to view this in 1.33 ( full screen ) format
i really had no idea what life was like for photographers who do this kind of work . i 'm a photographer but not this line of work . it was an interesting glimpse into their lives . i wouldnt say you will learn much about photography but you do learn what kind of issues they have to deal with being on location in foreign countries , personal techniques or styles of certain photographers and hear what they look for when shooting . some places conditions were less than desirable but they got some amazing shots to make it worth it .
one of the most beautiful and sympathetic movies ever made about wolves , alaska , and the inuit , i could watch this movie over and over and not get tired of it . a mid-level analyst who just happens to be in the right place at the right time ( he has his doubts early on ) is chosen to go north to investigate the arctic wolf and its impact on the caribou population . along the way he encounters a host of intriguing characters , including a crazy-like-a-fox entrepreneurial bush pilot looking to make some sort of big score , a number of wacky bit players who i can easily imagine were not actors , but the real deal , and every bit as eccentric as they appeared ; and an endearingly sage old inuit of few words but many eloquent silences . the investigator , tyler , is not at all sure that he 's up to the demands of the job , but forges ahead regardless , played with practical flair by charles martin smith , a perfect choice for the lead here . i would be at a loss and panic-stricken if left alone on a frozen lake in alaska , as his character tyler is ; tyler takes it all in stride , trusting it will all be good in the morning , even though it is established early that for all the fact that he was chosen for this mission , he goes into it with a deep-seated terror of wolves . after the assistance of the old inuit man in getting centered on his path - and the abrupt disappearance of his benefactor , who has a way of coming and going that magicians would envy - tyler finds himself deep in the bush country and immersed in the world of wolves before he realizes how completely they have taken him over . knowledge and observance quickly negates his fear , and he is brought to a serenity of spirit and understanding of his place in the world that makes me wish i had the courage and stamina to go out and try it too . a caveat : there is a culinary moment in this movie that might cause the squeamish some distress . do what i did at the crucial moment ; look at the ceiling , or recite to yourself , " it 's only chocolate , it 's only chocolate . " you 'll know when it gets close ; they do n't spring it on you ; and it is just chocolate . highly recommended for the whole family . ( oh one more caveat ; if skinny-dipping adults offend you - briefly skinny-dipping , and not flagrantly overt - then maybe this is n't your movie . )
about a young scientist ( played by charles martin smith ) who goes to the arctic to study wolves , their survival , and their effect on the caribou herds ( he proves they are not killing the caribou , as it had been assumed ) . he is a fledgling in the wilds , but learns to become as resourceful as the wolves . he notices the wolves eating mice , and begins to do the same himself - a supreme irony in this disney film . the first half is excellent , compelling and beautiful to watch ; but the second half is marred by an incessant pounding away on a man-as-encroacher bad guy message and a confusing man-as-wolf indian mysticism presentation . it 's wonderfully photographed , though , and the soundtrack is stunning
who could ever forget the image of happy-go-lucky manuel fidello ( spencer tracy ) turning the handle on his little accordion box singing in that gentle , infectious portuguese accent , " yo ho little fish do n't cry do n't cry " . if you 're a fan of classic films you know this is a scene from spencer tracy 's signature movie , ` captains courageous ' released in '37 . plot : harvey ( freddie bartholomew ) , an ill-mannered rich kid falls overboard off a luxury vessel and finds himself adrift until a passing merchant fishing ship pulls him out of the sea . he is taken under the tutorage of his rescuer , a friendly portuguese fisherman named manuel . harvey is initially hostile to the thought of having to obey orders and work for his room and board until the ship returns to dock , but eventually comes to understand the important lessons in life being imparted by manuel . before his adventure at sea is over he 'll learn what it means to be a man . this is without a doubt my favorite spencer tracy film and a story the entire family will enjoy . it 's beautifully filmed with a tremendous cast which includes along with spencer tracy and freddie bartholomew the legendary lionel barrymore as disko and john carradine as long jack
after spinal tap , this almost sweet film seemed at first a letdown . but like st , it is right on . these wonderful performers can grab a character and hang on to it so well that even when it 's satire , it 's real . if you hate even the idea of folk music , skip it--or watch it to laugh at all those dorky people . if you were there--i was--it 's a real hoot ( enanny ) ! sadly , here in california , they were to be found en masse at every local 99 cents only stores . i realize this is not for everyone , but neither was spinal tap . give it a try
when you talk about the one motion picture that fully encapsulated all the angst and nihilism of the ` 70 's generation you 're talking about paddy chayefsky 's brilliantly written black comedy , ` the hospital ' which was released in ` 70 . a contemporary , dysfunctional , urban hospital serves as the microcosm of america 's failure to deal with not only the physical maladies of the twentieth century , but the mental and emotional illnesses as well . george c. scott stars in the role of dr. herbert bock , hospital administrator . dr. bock is already tittering on the edge of insanity . his wife has left him , he 's estranged from his children and he 's in the grips of a mid-life crisis causing him to call everything he once held dear into question . when a bizarre series of unexplained deaths begin to occur within the ranks of the hospital staff dr. bock is left to ponder the nature of sanity and whether he can continue to function in a world gone mad . with great performances by george c. scott and the lovely brit diana rigg , ` the hospital ' is a thought-provoking film that will elicit discussion and debate . watch it with a friend
it 's a [ more vulnerable ] patton in a white coat , running a hospital , and it 's all great fun , with a good story from an oscar-winning script . you have to love it when scott dresses down a bureaucratic nurse in that gravelly bellow . you half-expect him to finish her off with " there are brave men dying out there ! "
my favorite dvds are concerts , festivals , unplugged etc . i was going to buy the cd and amazon pointed me to their dvd . i prefer dvd surround sound to cd stereo . plus you get something to look at . i heard the demon days songs on the radio , and liked them alot . this is an excellent dvd . you may want to check out bonnaroo , cross roads , string cheese , even the doobie bros. oh yeah and eric burdon and the new animals
season 5 is one of the best of all ! archie and mike are still doing what they do best....arguing about anything and everything . the best part of the whole season is when archie finds out that the meathead has bought the jedderson 's old house next door...arch 's expression is priceless ! ! ! i'f you buy this set u wo n't be sorr
most likely this review will not be very helpful to anyone , but i wanted to comment on how beautifully done this film is . i am a long time u2 fan and had seen rattle and hum , but did n't get around to purchasing the dvd until late 2005 . the fact that the music is wonderful is a given , but the cinematography is just astounding . i love how you get to see everything from every point of view . you get to see what the band sees on and around the stage , including the breathtaking sea of fans . you get to see what the fans see -- the spectacular lighting and silhouettes . you get to hear what the guys think and feel off-stage as well as on . and of course you get the passionate music . the film is as beautiful to watch as it is to listen to . i could n't ask for more
it is a wonderful complement to my lucy collection . the tango scene is some of her best physical comedy ! !
the story of a young award winner of a filmmaker 's competition going through the trials and tribulations of trying to get " his " first feature film made is given a wonderful treatment by christopher ( spinal tap ) guest . it 's a cynical and hysterical look at how hollywood is bent and how it can make anyone bend and eventually submit to its neurosis . unlike many of favorable reviewers i 'm not a fan of christopher guest 's later works and that 's not just because i 'm envious of him being married to jamie leigh curtis ( lucky dog ) . i do n't find guffman or best of show more than mildly amusing at best . save for bob balaban in guffman ( when sparky comes back , i almost bust a gut ) . sometimes artists do their best work up front . i like woody allen 's first three pictures the best ( what 's up tiger lily , take the money and run , bananas ) . i think this is the case here . guest hit gold . great script , terrific performances by an incredible ensemble cast . a near genius ( i 'm gon na steal one of the other reviewer 's word here because it 's so perfect , kudos and thanks ) " turn " by jt walsh delivering two of the greatest non sequiturs in film history ( alas , another " great " dying so soon before his time like warren oates and robert shaw ) . fabulous work by martin short , teri hatcher , j,t , walsh , jennifer jason leigh , fran drescher , dan schneider , jason gould , wakter olkewicz and seriously i could keep writing names for another 5 or 6 lines . there are tons of people in this sublime comedy . its only drawbacks are that it has the misgivings of be made in the eighties with all its trappings and a rather sloppy reunion scene ( bacon/mckean ) that comes off as way too cloying . other than that this is a rare comic treat for anyone who can see the cynical side of hollywood . someone said comparing this to the player was like comparing bagger vance to caddyshack . i 'm not quite sure which one is suppose to be good and which is suppose to be sub-par . caddyshack is a classic and so the big picture . i am a big , big fan of altman and the big picture is even par with the player . if either were more biting i would give the nod to the big picture . though , richard e grant 's performance is almost as good as walsh 's . nick 's ( kevin bacon ) flights of fancy are hysterical . this is an inspired and unfortunately one-of-a-kind comedy .
first of all , i have lost count of the ammount of times i have seen this movie but every time i watch it i get goose bumps . this is how affective the movie is . george c. scott ( of " patton " fame ) plays a composer who rents a house to live in while he teaches and tries to cope with tragedy . soon the house begins to exhibit strange occurances and mr. scott begins to investige the house 's history . this is all you need to know about the plot because anything else would ruin the film . this movie is all about atmosphere . there are no scenes of gore and slaughter like so many big budget horror films nowadays . this film does not need to gross the viewer out . the changeling simply tells a great story as the viewer learns about the house and witnesses the haunting at the same time as the characters . you are pulled into this film because it entertains and frightens with ease . there is nothing " in your face " about the scares . this film is for fans of the 1960 's film " the haunting " or anyone who just enjoys a good ghost story . do n't even bother to rent it because it cheap enough to buy and i guarantee you 'll watch it more than once . i have recommended it to many people and i never heard a negative comment . for the full effect , wait until night to watch it and then watch it alone . see how many times you glance over your shoulder .
one of the productions of which he is the most proud , robert redford 's all the president 's men should be required viewing ( and the woodward/bernstein book should be required reading ) for all who aspire to the profession of journalist . redford was fascinated with the story of two young , untested newspaper reporters who worked and worked and worked the story of the watergate break-in until it led to the highest office in the united states . redford 's involvement actually went back to the first news of the bungled burglary , so he followed as the story developed . he got to know bob woodward and carl bernstein when they were still at ground level , still unsure as to where this would all lead , but all three knew that it smelled of very big dirty politics . redford has always been a political animal , with a reporter 's instinct , and several times he has been able to bring a story to the screen to illuminate the american political climate . earlier , he and director michael ritchie had made the candidate , a very funny and acid look at how politics changes even the most well-meaning of men or women ( and a film well worth your time ) . it took two years of hard work to get all the president 's men off the ground . it was turned down by several studios , with the excuse that people were tired of watergate , but he was finally able to get warner bros. to say yes , provided redford himself would star . dustin hoffman was enlisted to play carl bernstein , redford 's old friend jason robards won an oscar as washington post editor-in-chief ben bradlee , jack warden was cast as editor harry rosenfeld , martin balsam was editor howard simons , jane alexander was judy hoback , bookkeeper to the committee to re-elect the president ( c.r.e.e.p . ) , ned beatty was martin dardis , who provided an incriminating piece of hard evidence , stephen collins was hugh sloan , whose wife debbie ( played by meredith baxter ) kept his conscience working on the right side , robert walden ( who would go on the the fine television series lou grant ) was dirty trickster donald segretti , and hal holbrook was given the pivotal role worthy of any spy story : the mysterious deep throat , who helped woodward along in a darkened parking garage whenever the trail led to a brick wall . of course , we now know that deep throat was the fbi 's assistant director w. mark felt , an old friend of woodward 's and a man torn between his loyalty to the fbi and the need to shed light on some very dirty goings-on . redford asked alan j. pakula to direct and gordon willis to handle the cinematography , and they crafted a look that is part documentary , part thriller . ( if you get a chance , also see pakula and willis ' the parallax view , starring warren beatty . another outstanding , scary political film . ) william goldman , who won an oscar for butch cassidy and the sundance kid , wrote the tight , exciting screenplay for which he won again ( this was actually the fourth time redford and goldman had worked together ; goldman also adapted donald e. westlake 's the hot rock , a very funny caper film , and the poignant the great waldo pepper , which was out for a short time on dvd in pan and scan , but is now out of print and really should be seen in its beautiful widescreen splendor . universal , where are you ? )  the efforts of all the principals to adhere to reality down to the smallest detail makes all the president 's men a smashing success . it succeeds as an exciting , suspenseful procedural , as a statement on the neccessity of a free press , as a character study , and as a great movie-movie . the double-disc dvd set is the one to buy : the first disc includes a new transfer of the film in crisp , clean 1 : 85 aspect ratio picture and sound with a very enlightening commentary by redford himself . the second contains three new short documentaries on the making of the film , on woodward and bernstein , and on deep throat . there is also a vintage 1976 documentary on the making of the film , and an interview with jason robards on the dinah shore show . a deserved landmark in film and in journalism , all the president 's men is a must-see and for all who aspire to what journalism should be , a must-own . in our darkest hour , when all seems obfuscated and hopeless , it reminds us that light can be brought to bear . people can make a difference
peter palmer and leslie parrish are excellent in this fun , politically skewering musical comedy . the songs are upbeat fun , especially " put em back " sung by the wives of the new muscle men who express no interest in their mates
lil abner is a delightful comedy-musical with stronger emphasis on comedy than most movie musicals . this film version of the broadway hit musical that was based on the legendary comic strip looks fantastic on dvd in a beautiful print with it 's comic book coloring . it 's also superbly cast . the film 's producers did take a risk hiring two unknowns to play lil abner and daisy mae - peter palmer ( who starred in the broadway show ) and leslie parrish - but they are perfectly cast and excellent in the roles ( it 's hard to picture any major male movie stars of the period as abner anyway , although daisy mae might have been played by a number of buxom blondes of the era ) . it 's a shame neither palmer or parrish went on to much movie work after this although both were quite active guest starring on television for many years . both are mighty fine delectable representations of their sexes appeals , as the dogpatch crowd might say . it 's true that perhaps only a few of the songs are memorable - notably " jublian p. cornpone " , " a typical day in dogpatch " , and " put 'em back the way they was " which is sung by five hillbilly cuties including the very young valerie harper ( " rhoda " ) and beth howland ( " alice " ) but most of the songs are good-humored and enthusically put over by the cast and dancers most of whom were in the original broadway show . jerry lewis has a funny walk-on cameo and the gorgeous julie newmar and stella stevens have amusing secondary roles . most of the ladies in the picture are making their film debuts here , including donna douglas as the busty hillbilly girl ( a few years before becoming famous as one on the beverly hillbillies ) who wants " to broaden our horizons " and is informed by mammy yokum ( superbly played by billie hayes ) that she her horizons is broaden enough . there 's quite a bit of political satire in here as well ( with politicans with such apt names as mayor dogmeat and senator jack s. phigbound ) and the sadie hawkins day sequence ( a dogpatch storyline that became a pop culture phenomeon of it 's own with many high schools for years having an annual " sadie hawkins dance " in where girls would be the ones to ask guys for a date years before this was considered " acceptable " ) is a lot of fun . but then so is the movie . as a yoakam says when they really mean it - " i has spoken ! "
i saw this movie before i read the books . the books are much funnier , and contain so much more than was able to be put into the film . still , i liked the film and especially baby sunny . i thought jim carey was an excellent mad uncle after the family treasure and his facial expressions ( as always ) brought the character to life . i think that even though many things were cut from the first three books of a long series in order to put it all into a feature length film , the essence of the story was captured , and is entertaining . but i do recommend reading the series before or after watching the film
" haunted castle " and " alien adventure " are great , but the concept and dimensional enjoyment of " encounter in the third dimension " makes it better than the other two . the film is an excellent way of showing how 3d started and how it works with lots of prime examples thrown in , other than the entire movie itself . i do wish the mine ride was longer though ( the one which ends with the big , round , stone ball slamming into the tunnel ) and there was more shown of the t3 experience . sure , the jules verne " journey to the center of the earth " ride certainly makes up for it , but the effects in the shorter example were awesome , like the bats . best of all , the film does n't look all that dated cgi wise for a 1998 production . now i 've definitely got to get the sequel " misadventures in 3d " dvd . noticed something stupid in the credits for " encounter " . instead of saying " cassandra peterson as elvira , mistress of the dark " , it redundantly reads , " elvira as elvira , mistress of the dark " . unlike the other 3d imax films , this one is good either in stereo depth form or 2d wise . of course , the best is 3d since that is the whole point of the story anyway . i highly recommend this movie to all 3d collectors
that this film is dedicated to the memory of david maysles should tell you all you need to know about what 's in store . along with his brother albert , david maysles created some of the most groundbreaking and fascinating documentaries of the 60 's and 70 's ( " gim me shelter , " " salesman , " " grey gardens " ) , and joe berlinger and bruce sinofsky did a fabulous job here of carrying on the stylistic tradition . the story of the poor and semi-literate ward brothers is touching and engrossing , despite the squalor in which they lived , and this early 90 's legal case is a significant study in cultural assumptions and regional justice . absorbing , and worth owning . this 10th anniversary edition packs on a host of extras , but just an fyi : the " product detail " here on amazon that suggests that this 'stars ' connie chung is wildly inaccurate ; she did a piece on the ward brothers which we see them watching on a tv for a couple of minutes , and that 's all . she never physically appears in this film
lets face it woodey allen has produced so much a few of his things sort of slip past some of us . i have found this one did for many people . it 's the kind of movie you watch more then once you have to wonder did the actors fill in some of those lines 'improv ' or were those w. allens ?
love this dvd so much ! the actors are super , and the story is hilarious ! if you liked the first one , get this one
i was not in a rush to get this , almost forgot i ordered it , so it was a delight when it arrived , thank you very much for a smooth and speedy transaction
the first thing you will notice with this one is the strange animation . it 's hard to even describe really.. . but expect some disoriented backgrounds with some cgi thrown in . the plot however , is excellent . the main focus is about a author is going around collecting ghost stories . he constantly runs into a trio of outlawish justice seekers . they do what is called " committing " someone for their sins . these first 4 episodes deal with single episode told stories but all are great . this anime is highly reccomended for the horror fans out there
this volume gets right to the heart of the plot , and raises important questions . who really is gohda ? where is the next refugee threat coming from ? who tried to kill the prime minster , and what roll does he play in the individual eleven ? is there a terrorist virus causing another stand alone complex ? can togusa finds his way clear of criminal charges ? also , we all know the major , but what of her past ? disc : 4 episodes in dolby digital 5.1 surround sound ( english and japanese )  episodes : 1 . ambivalence 2 . trial 3 . affection 4 . selecon  upcoming releases : ghost in the shell : sac official log 1 - scheduled release date 10/25/05 ghost in the shell : sac 2nd gig vol . 3 - scheduled release date 1/26/06  note - if you see any anime items for sale that seem to cheap , they are bootlegs . do not buy !
lady and the trap has been an enduring disney classic for 50 years now and it 's amazing how well it holds up after all that time . the hand painted animation is beautiful and the story and music are top notch . this film is an example of disney animation at its classic best . but calling lady and the tramp a great animated film is really selling it short . it 's a great movie , period . lady 's idyllic life is shattered and bad boy tramp comes to her rescue . while he begins his relationship with lady in the dog house ( sorry , could n't resist ) , he slowly redeems himself in her eyes and love conquers all in the end . if you 've seen any romantic comedies from the last several years and compare it to this movie you 'll realize that a story about two dogs is actually more romantic and more funny than virtually any similar film featuring humans . watch lady and the tramp and you 'll know why this film is still so loved after 50 years .
i have been a casual fan of the radio version of " prairie home companion " for decades , although i seldom listen to more than 30 minutes of it at a time , usually only if i am driving somewhere on a saturday afternoon when it is being broadcast . i read seven or eight reviews of the movie before getting around to seeing it , and while most critics kind of liked it , there were a few grumbles . however , i thought the film was excellent , and the fantasy sequences which bother some people were needed to cut down on the sweet and nostalgic elements that bring the radio show its steady fans . i liked all the casting , too . robert altman is not a favorite director , but when he is good , he is very good , as in " m * a * s * h * and " nashville . " when he is bad , he is terrible . but here , i thought he done good . same with garrison k. i trashed his recent novel in an amazon review , but i liked him in this .
this is the best film i 've seen in perhaps six months or more . the direction by turkish/italian director ferzan ozpetek is consistently interesting , intriguing , beguiling and ultimately satisfying both emotionally and intellectually . the film is beautifully cut , and the acting , particularly by the fascinating giovanna mezzogiorno who plays the young mother of two whose name is also giovanna , is first rate . the story begins in a bakery during world war ii when davide veroli ( massimo girotti ) is a baker 's apprentice . we see him among the great earthen ovens and the warm loaves as he makes what appears to be a sprint out of the cave-like establishment . but he is pounced upon by the baker . they wrestle , a knife is grabbed and apparently the baker falls and there is blood on davide 's hands as he runs out into the streets . cut to modern times as giovanna and her working-class husband , filippo ( filippo nigro ) are crossing a bridge in the city . they meet an old man who seems lost and disoriented . he ca n't remember his name and he has no identification . filippo takes pity on him and against his wife 's wishes takes him home with them to their apartment . we know because of the man 's age that the mystery of who he is has something to do with the men in the bakery scene from world war ii . but his story is only tangential to the central story of the film which is about giovanna 's brief affair with the man next door , lorenzo ( raoul bova ) , whose apartment window faces hers . this is a love story , a bitter-sweet one--which all great love stories should be in some sense , since life itself is bittersweet . it is framed by , and contrasted with , another love story , that involving the older man from many years ago . the tension in the film revolves around the resolution of the affair between the married giovanna and the handsome man who will soon be leaving the city . will she abandon her marriage and her family for the excitement of a new man ? because the police can find out nothing about the old man , and because giovanna 's heart softens toward him , and because he is an elegant man of refinement , especially in the pastry arts--giovanna 's dream is to be a pastry chef--the man is allowed to stay for a while and the two are drawn together into friendship , the old man and the young woman . that 's enough of the plot--the development , the denouement , and the resolution of which are beautifully realized in both an artistic and an emotional sense . instead let me say that the feel of modern italy with its racial tensions and its old world versus new world differences are nicely expressed as the past makes itself felt on the present . the dialogue is wonderfully expressive and gives us the sense of authenticity and the kind of realistic effect seen only in the very best films . this is the first film directed by ozpetek that i have seen , but it wo n't be the last . but see this for giovanna mezzogiorno whose beautiful and expressive eyes and natural demeanor will hold you to the screen
this film is a real delight , but it also has a message about our consumer culture . do n't miss the deleted scenes : i 'm sorry the director cut out the " saints in the loft " in particular -- what a powerful image ! but it 's there on the dvd -- so enjoy this marvelous charmer of a film
this is a very good , well made dvd which is fulled of idea to prepare dinner for your family .
i bought this at ( yep , you guessed it ) the grocery store , which was a very clever marketing concept on martha 's part . there was only one dvd left . it contained classic recipes for chicken , beef , fish , vegetarian and other main dishes . if you think you already know how to make classic , everyday dishes such as meatloaf , think again - because martha 's variations may put a whole new twist on your usual standards . her use of fresh herbs truly does make a difference and the glaze on her meatloaf was one i had n't tried before . my family loved it . there is also a section with bloopers ( yes , martha 's mistakes or mishaps while filming a scene - slips , falls , etc ) . there are 12 different cupcake variations and an extra section on kitchen tips ( i learned plenty of new things from this section ) . i have to admit that i looked at the bloopers section first , intrigued by the idea of actually seeing martha make mistakes.. and i only wish there were more of those . they were funny , especially the one showing martha pulling an x-rated carrot from her garden . you 'll have to buy the dvd to see the rest . it is a very short section , however . then i watched the dvd from start to finish and marveled at the quality of the production , as well as how much information was packed into this dvd . from start to finish , each recipe was demonstrated clearly . i intend to use this one with my youngest child because it is a perfect introduction to some classic recipes , from roast chicken to meatloaf . they may not be made the way you are used to making them but in one case that was an advantage...the meatloaf recipe was far better than my standard version and the glaze was delicious ( do be aware of your oven 's peculiarities , however , and cover the top to keep the glaze from burning ; uncover just long enough to brown ) . it would be best , of course , to use an oven thermometer and know your oven 's actual temperature since 350 in one oven may not be 350 in another - those dials may be inaccurate . but do n't make the mistake of thinking this is only for beginning cooks ( although it 'd be a perfect housewarming gift for the college graduate who is just setting up house ) . there are plenty of new recipes , especially a squash casserole which i am dying to try on my vegetarian friends , after having tested it on my family and getting rave reviews . in fact , one of the nicest sections of this dvd was the vegetarian one . each of those recipes looked delicious . martha 's mother is featured in some of the segments and that was a pleasant surprise . she and martha chat as they cook and the whole atmosphere is nice and casual . no matter what you may think of martha stewart , this dvd is a top-notch , quality production with tons of useful info . the dvd can also be inserted in a computer to get a list of menus and other features .
often overlooked , robert altman 's 'the long goodbye ' is arguably one of the films exemplifying the 1970s and , although far less dark , ranks alongside antonioni 's 'the passenger' . propelling marlowe into the opulent , 'promise ' of the west coast 1970s usa , altman allows the story to unfold around a classic murder , mystery story and the stunning cast help to create an atmosphere of parochial 'goings-on ' that can subsequently be seen in the works of david lynch , tarrantino and , more recently , the 'sopranos' . the late , great sterling hayden gives an unforgetable , bullying , volatile king lear-like performance as the ageing , impotent , alcoholic writer , and mark rydell 's 'dangerous ' violent character anticipates that which martin scorsese and joe pesci create latterly in goodfellas/casino . moreover , there 's an uncredited cameo appearance of a moustachioed arnold ( schwarzenneger ) as a 'heavy' . however its elliiot 's gould 's brilliant ( oscar deserving ) performance as philip marlowe that helps to seal this film 's status into the canon of great films . gould creates a sharp , amiable , chain-smoking , wise-cracking 70s detective whose 'quirky-alone ' livestyle allow him the freedom to give his own chandleresque , talking-to-himself dialogue ( ...'it 's alright by me... ' ) whilst interacting with a diverse range of characters within the narrative . with respect to this , there 's the continual variation of the haunting melody , 'the long goodbye ' that is re-worked throughout the film thus floating the narrative structure within changing and moving events and themes yet anchoring it to the overall thread of the story itself . altman 's direction is that of a genius at work : the back-drop of the oceanic tug and wash of the tide as seen through the windows of the seductive though manipulative eilleen wade 's windows ( nina van pallandt ) , together with slightly surreal and erotic appartment setting of marlowe 's flat make this film unforgetable . there 's also the tension associated with the 'journeys ' to mexico : a theme used in more recent ( great ) films including 'lone star ' ; 'traffic ' ; and , 'the three burials of melquiades estrada' . who can deny the impact of the opening 'cat ' scene and the final 'chapter ' of the film set within the avenue of trees ; the 'oh-too-late ' figure of eileen wade heading in the opposite direction to marlowe who ironically celebrates his parochial sense of closure by playing the minature harmonica . if ever a film rated as a '6 ' for special merit and sheer enjoyment then this is one of the elite few deserving of such an award ! i urge you to watch or re-watch this film and savour a work of pure genius . as a commentator and fan of such a seminal film , i can only hope that robert altman and-or elliot gould can provide a commentary-enhanced ( criterion edition ) dvd
i could watch this over and over again ! it 's so funny ! the person who dissed women 's manly handshakes is a sexist ! but anyway , i would seriously recommend buying this if you want something funny to watch ! definitely 5 stars and your kids would probably like it too.....for one viewing per 5 months . do n't force it on them is my advice ! ! rock o
wow ! the plane crashes and the story goes on the starnge island . the suriviors , the killers , and others...who is who before the crash , and who becomes what after the crash . lost start as simple tale of air crash but as the story goes forward we learn the back story of each survivor , there links with other survivors and what the island has shown them . end of each episode leave you with a question mark , which gives you sleepless nights , and sometime destroy your attention to your fellow men . go on and get lost in one of the best t.v thrilers of our time .
what 's so 'ugly ' about this movie ? because it depicts the truth ? to all you parents out there , this is exactly what teenagers do on a daily basis . i know because i was once a teenager too , and this movie hits the mark . this is what happens when parent 's do n't have a solid relationship with their kids . this movie is not ugly , its just the straight up truth which most people do n't like to recognize . it 's up to us as parents to guide our children in the right direction so this type of behavior can be minimized
i loved gone with the wind . this movie lets the lovers of gone with the wind know what happens . it is a great ending . but set your mind and be aware that the rhett leaves something to be desired and scarlett too...but it is a good movie and i love knowing the ending
this is the sort of sequel that should have been made in the first place . the premise is sillier than the first film ( which was pretty silly itself ) , but the characters are appealing and the action is streamlined and intense . enjoy the ride and try to forget that " the lost world " ever existed
my girlfriend told me about this movie . up until then i have never heard about it . this movie was alot better then i thought it would be . i enjoyed every minute of it . it kept me on my toes the entire time
when i sat down to watch a movie called three woman with the knowledge that one of the three woman is shelley duvall , my first reaction was that i would be better off drinking a nice , tall glass of toilet water . but , that reaction was short lived . it is rare for me to enjoy a movie that i was determined to hate from the first second , but this movie forced me to pull a 180 . the ominous feel of the movie gripped my attention within the first five minutes and never let go . it is a trance like movie . i found that i could n't stop from watching yet , i didnt know why i was watching . very bizzare , and very mezmerizing . not a movie that will be enjoyed over and over however .
9-11 was meticulously planned out by our government . if people do not believe me , go read and study that day like it was your babay and you 'll find the truth . i was a bit skeptical at first as well . now my eyes are open to the totalitarian states that we live in . this is n't the united states of america , this is the beginning of a new world order . do n't believe me , we 'll probably never know , because we 'll be spoonfed our news on the war in iraq by the corporate media that controls and censors what we see and do n't see ! do n't think so ? you , along with millions of other ignorant idiots who choose to follow the war in iraq by watching cnn ( censored news network ) , or fauxnews . it pains me that people still do n't realize that there is no fight for democracy in iraq . its a fight for imperial ambitions , we need iraq for oil , and to set up a puppet government so it does n't scare israel , our ultra conservative evangelical christian politicians can sleep better knowing their holy land is out of the hands of " radical muslim fundamentalists . " no one will know until people actually open up a damn book and read for yourself , instead of relying on " experts " who " know " what is going on . i thought we were intelligent people , us americans ? most of you ca n't even figure out wat the problem really is . its our corrupt government
i am a big fan of the book and thought the film version did it justice . beautifully filmed ; excellent performances
i read the book in middle school and watched the movie shortly afterwards . a few of the characters were switched around , but i was so impressed with the adaptation . a thriller that still makes me nervous and jumpy - the kids in the kitchen scene and when mr. arnold 's arm drops on ellie 's shoulder as she 's trying to turn the generator back on , for example . there have been countless lines i 've memorized and quoted at appropriate and innapropriate times , due to my obsession . and after watching it more than 25 times , i 've come to appreciate it more . great cast - sam neil is my favorite . richard attenborough is a little too cute and nice , but i liked his white clothing , the hat , and the amber cane . wayne knight was incredible as nedry , the slob . he 's as likeable as ever , though somewhat the villain . i always hate it when he dies . jeff goldblum fit the description of ian malcom from crichton 's novel well . crichton sparked my interest in chaos theory , sometimes called the butterfly effect . i am a firm believer in it . and of course , in the novel and film , malcolm was right . " life finds a way... "  ( in chaos theory , the system is very sensitive to small changes in external conditions , and " random " --unpredictable-- events result from the " normal " equation/setup , because there is never a fixed set of outcomes ; the system is unpredictable because of its complexity . hammond thought his system was without error , that he was in complete control . he believed that the dinosaurs would fail to reproduce because all were engineered to be female , but he was wrong - the dinosaurs evolved because of the replacement amphibian dna that was used to fill in the gaps in the dinosaur dna . this dna gave the dinosaurs the ability to change sex in order to reproduce , " survive , " in a single-sex environment . and it turned out that hammond was wrong about many other equations - things are not as black and white as he thought , and it is problematic to predict long-term behavior of his animals . )  love the scene where the lawyer is eaten while sitting on the toilet . we watched the mr. dna segment in a high school biology class . i 've always thought it explained the process very well for something that is complicated ( though i found mr. hammond 's live speaking lines to be unrealistic...was he really planning to be there for each tour ? ) . the kids were kind of annoying . i did n't notice this until i was a little older , but lex ( " i prefer to be called a hacker " ) uses silicon graphics ' 3d file system navigator to turn power back on in the park . their logo is on the monitor . if only unix were as popular as windows is now.. . anyway , the soundtrack was classic - it was the first cd i bought , back in the mid-90s . tonya harding skated to the theme at the 1994 olympics , or some other competition . i only liked her because of her excellent music choice
" greetings " is an offbeat satire from a very young brian de palma starring an equally young robert de niro . the vignettes focus on three friends . first there is jon rubin ( de niro ) , an aspiring filmmaker who has the idea of creating " peep art . " this would consist of filming " private moments , " and then letting people view them through tiny windows , thereby re-creating the peeping tom experience ( more of this in de palma 's much better 1970 film , " hi , mom ! " ) . however , if you are expecting to see an amazing performance by one of the great actors of his generation in an early film , you are going to be disappointed . de niro comes off as overly mannered and a bit forced in his performance , especially in comparison to his two co-stars . his best moment is off-screen as he talks a woman through going to bed for his peep art ( she repeatedly forgets not to talk ) . but he is a lot better two years later and had a decent career , at least until he started making credit card commercials . first there is lloyd clay ( gerrit graham ) , a conspiracy nut so obsessed with the jfk assassination that a half-naked woman sleeping in his bed is just another opportunity to show that the paths indicated by the bullet holes do not match up ( unless jfk was shot while standing on his head ) . lloyd shares his deep , dark thoughts directly with the viewing audience as he argues vigorously to convince us he is right . but sometimes he finds people in the real world to assault with his blow-ups from the zapruder film that reduce the assassination to a rorschach test . finally , we have paul gerald shaw ( jonathan warden ) , who would like to find the right girl . his problem is that he has his induction physical and going to vietnam will really hurt his love life . fortunately , lloyd and jon are fully of ideas as to how paul can get the army to reject him , everything from pretending to be gay and coming on to the sergeant ( lloyd 's idea ) to volunteering to shoot not only the vietcong but also any american troops of color ( jon 's brainstorm ) . there is no real narrative thread here , which is hardly a criticism because " greetings " is more of an ancestor of " the groove tube , " " saturday night live , " and " second city tv " in the history of contemporary sketch comedy with a heavy satirical bent . the difference is that what de palma and his friends come up with in " greetings " is more experimental guerilla theater than really polished sketch comedy . but there is something compelling about its enthusiasm , which makes us forgive the filmmaker and his actors when things go on a bit too long . de palma has admitted to being influenced by godard and the french " nouvelle vague " cinema , which inspired going out on the street and trying to improvise scenes ( only they did not have enough film to improvise , so they ended up rehearsing most of the film to save money ) . but even in this early work , de palma is clearly into doing everything you can do with a movie camera ( inter-titles , split-screen , slow-motion , fast-motion , etc. ) . " greetings " is a historical footnote in cinematic history inasmuch as it was the first film in the u.s. to be given an " x " rating ( later changed to " r , " which is what it would qualify today because of some of the shots of nude women ) . in terms of social history " greetings " represents some of the counter-culture politics of the late 1960s . it had been almost thirty years since i first saw " greetings " and " hi , mom ! " back then they constituted part of my first real exposure to radical thought in terms of what was out there on the streets . if you see just one of these films , interested in how de palma was cutting his teeth as a director before he made his name with " carrie " and " dressed to kill , " then " hi , mom ! " is the choice ( the " black in america/be black baby " bit is the must see segment of that satire ) . but if you are interested in de palma 's career or counter-culture comedy from the late 1960s , then check them both out
this was the first scary movie i ever saw in the cinema , and it made a strong impression on me . the bathtub scenes were so eerie that i only took showers for a few years after i saw this movie at 15 - that is how much it scared me . i have since watched it as an adult and was able to keep it in healthier perspective , although i do have to say it is pretty scary and well done . watching it many years later , i was surprised that it lacked a lot of the 70 's cheese that you see in many films from that era . the carpet and some of the clothes were funny , but it did n't detract from the film . glad i bought it
this is a great family movie , a fresh take on enchantment stories . it 's rather in the style of e. nesbit 's books , using contemporary references . i find it far superior to many of disney 's usual works . it 's enjoyable for adults and kids
ella of frell ( anne hathaway ) is an unusual child . as a baby , a bumbling fairy godmother named lucinda ( vivica a . fox ) gave her the gift of obedience . every time anyone gives her a direct command , she must obey . despite , or maybe because of , this " gift , " ella grows to be a headstrong woman . she goes against the conventional wisdom of the realm when it comes to ogres , giants , and elves . current rules state that these creatures are dangerous and must perform certain jobs only . but ella campaigns for their equality . she is also one of the few women in the realm who does n't swoon at the site of prince char ( hugh dancy ) . when the two meet accidentally , char finds this distain quite refreshing and immediately begins to fall for the headstrong young woman . trouble is brewing at home , however . ella 's stepsister hattie ( lucy punch ) has figured out ella 's secret . now , ella finds herself doing things she would never willing do . so she leaves home and sets out to find lucinda to give the gift back . i had missed seeing this movie in the theater , and finally got a chance to watch it . i missed a real treat . the movie is funny from start to finish , and i had a grin on my face the entire time . while the story is a bit predictable , it is n't super preachy . the cast does an amazing job bring their characters to life . the only drawback to the movie is the special effects . while some worked well , most of the time they were n't up to today 's standards . while the main audience might be teen girls , this is one adult male who loved it . it 's sweet , charming , and entertaining . what more could you want
get ready for this workout . the beginner dvd 's are butt kickers for a 1/2 hour workout . the advanced dvd 's are killer . i definitely got my money 's worth with this set . there 's no excuse not to be in better shape if you have this product .
all about the benjamins is a funny @ $ $ movie.mike epps is funny . the polt of the movie is very interesting and funny . i recomend that you watch it soon if you have not seen it yet . : )
the series was always delightful because it was fun , done with panache and done with a little tongue in cheek . pierce brosnan was great and stephanie zimbalist was a wonderful partner . loved 'em both . nice to be able to see it again because i enjoyed it so much and because there is nothing on tv like it today .
once again the saga of motoko kusanagi refuses to fall into the popular mold - as manga , as a pair of feature films , and now a tv series , it combines the classic crowd pleasers of the science fiction of a not too distant time , a topnotch group of secret agents , and a beautiful woman with a story line that is n't fraid to stop and contemplate the complicated world where the line between mechanical and human , program and soul , get crossed every day . what you will see for most of these last few episodes is the dismantling of section 9 when their efforts to get to the bottom of the secretary general 's plot result in danger to the nations politicians . this invites retaliation and everyone goes undercover and , eventually , fall into the governments hands . all the laughing man 's efforts seem to come to naught and theire is every sign that this series is about to have a very nourish ending . well , all i 'll tell you is that the ending is worth all the trauma of getting there . these three episodes really focus on the characters of the section 9 team in unexpected fashion . and even the tachikoma 's make a reappearance . this has been a contemplative series . first the ethical questions raised by the laughing man and human cyberization , then the even more difficult issues of what life is or can be . in these episodes kusanagi reveals a personal philosophy which is both chilling and evocative of the samurai code . she is a modern tomoe gozen , unendingly loyal to arimaki and fiercely defiant in battle . this has been a series with considerable depth that echoes but never slavishly imitates , the work that has gone before . a fine piece of work from both an artistic and an entertainment point of view
i like pretty much all of annie leibovitz 's photography , and if you have noticed her work on magazine stands you 'll probably enjoy the book too
its original idea challenges us to look in a new way at the things we do n't have the answers for . kevin costner is joe darrow , an emergency doctor , who 's pregnant wife emily , also a doctor ,dies in a tragic accident in venezuela while he 's in chicago and trying desperately to reunite with her . joe does n't find her body and this leaves him haunted . his emotional pain is beyond belief , he buries himself in work . one day he remembers that emily asked him to check on her paediatric cancer patients and he starts visiting them . then unusual things begin to happen . the children who have had near-death experience have seen emily and are trying to pass a message . joe darrow 's already shattered world is now turned completely upside down . he is forced to change his beliefs . this is dramatic and painful process and its end is a triumph of one of the greatest love stories ever told ! kevin costner 's performance as joe darrow is absolutely brilliant . his extraordinary talent shines in this complex and emotionally demanding role ! dragonfly is a profound film . its magnificent end is affirmation of life and a great inspiration . after all : " it 's belief that gets us there "
ok sue me,i love this piece of cheese from the 70 's . a remake of sorts of the last man on earth,heston is a doctor who used a expermental sereum on himself after a bio war has wiped out most of the world . the people who are left are albinos who ca n't get out in the sun ( i.e . vampires,as they were in the book ) , and they want heston to die for his crimes ( he is free of the germ and was an army doctor so they blame him for the end of the world . heston spends his days tracking them and killing them and his nights whole up fighting off the mutants . this was a staple of late night t.v . and for some reason the sunday afternoon movie . you can tell in the stunts that it 's not heston and some of the speachs are well corny , but the movie even with it 's down beat story is fun and can be scary for younger kids ( still i would be very careful about letting young ones see it as it has some nude scenes in it ) the widescreen transfer is very good as is the sound and the extras are small but very nice
sunset boulevard is a drama that reveals the unsightly day-to-day world of forgotten and upcoming actors behind the pomp pretense . joe gillis ( william holden ) , a writer running from a pair of automobile repossessers , holds up in the garage of an apparently abandoned mansion on sunset boulevard . while walking around the dilapidated structures and evaporated pool , he is shocked to discover it 's occupied by old silent-film star norma desmond ( gloria swanson ) . living with a devoted chauffeur , estranged from hollywood and forgotten by fans , in desmond 's mind , she is still a star working on her next big roll in a script she has been scribbling for years . knowing the script does n't have a chance , as a writer , joe looks at this as an opportunity to " fine tune " it to earn some extra cash . however , the working relationship is not all that tidy . it seems lonely desmond is looking to sponsor a gigolo . his payment is a warm place to stay at night , a closet full of clothes , nice meals , private " parties , " and desmond 's ever-present company . if it were possible for desmond 's self-admiration to be supplanted by anything , it would be the possessiveness for joe 's affection . young joe needs a break from such austere surroundings and eventually goes out to a party with real people and meets a girl engaged to an old friend . through a series of secret rendezvous they begin to collaborate on a script with real potential and , naturally , develop feelings for one another . the girl may be willing to sacrifice her engagement but breaking free from the tentacles on sunset boulevard is a formidable challenge . with some of the most memorable quotes in hollywod , this is a wonderfully produced " noir-comic " drama by billy wilder that well projects the intense emotions , not only of each character , but of the large group of people in the entertainment industry they represent . other highly acclaimed movies that fit in with this genre are all about eve , an imitation of life , and what ever happened to baby jane . a gem on the dvd extras is the history of fashion legend edith head . movie quote : " there 's nothing tragic about being fifty . not unless you 're trying to be twenty-five .
this movie is possibly one of the best movies i have ever seen . christopher nolan is a genius along with all of his other movies . this movie is very unique and will never get old
i grabbed this flick from the shelf on a very wet and miserable day at my local target.... craving the summer sun and needing an island vacation... . the cover appealled to me for these reasons and i admit i was not at all disappointed in the movie . the scenery was indeed spectacular . the underwater diving/snorkling scenes were clear , crisp , and just what the doctor ordered . even the sharks and rays made it all quite beautiful . ok , enough of the shallow stuff.... the movie was indeed much like the 70 's flick " the deep " which i enjoyed back then as well . the characters of jared and sam were pretty believable - poor , honest , and happy folks ( most of us would love to really be this happy - let 's face it ! ) the introduction of bryce ( played by scott caan ) really created an interesting balance of characters and how each reacted to the many dangers , twists , etc . overall , the bikinis and the buff guys added to the adventure many of us would love to have in our generally boring lives . would i want to deal with tiger sharks ? no , but a little excitement would beat the heck out of my boring 9-5 job every day .
this film is the best film that disney has in it 's live-action collection ! every actor and actress gives their all in this great adventure that brings the ride to life . i really like all the extras on the disc as well i like seeing how the film was created , looking at deleted scenes , learning about the history of real pirates , and learning how the park ride was developed through the eyes of walt disney himself
update ( jan 27 , 2006 ) : i am still waiting for this 3-pack placed last october . i have repeatedly asked the company to delete items listed on its website that it does not have . i am glad that amazon has finally removed its original listing of this 3-pack ( new ) from its website . jan 27 , 2006  i am still waiting for this 3-pack to be delivered for , initially , the thanksgiving holiday , followed by , as promised by representatives of amazon , christmas . i doubt if amazon actually has this item for new year 's day ( 2006 ) . forget to mention that i ordered it on oct 27 , 2005 and today is dec 26 , 2005 . p.s . i received another update this morning indicating that the item will not be shipped until jan 27 , 2006 . i am going to keep waiting until somebody admits that amazon does not have this item at all
in a nutshell : underrated - undervalued - underexposed -  excellent submarine thriller with the added attraction of having been based on a true historic event ! it is hard to believe how poorly this excellent film did at the box-office . harrison ford and liam neeson are ideally suited as soviet naval captains , and as believable as their rebuilt authentic k-19 ! kathryn bigelow who directed and produced the film did an incredible job , which can be better appreciated by viewing the 3 excellent featurettes that are included on the dvd . bottom line : this new kind of sub film is a part of history  if you enjoy submarine films this is one of the best . if you enjoy thrillers , this film delivers enough edge-of-your-seat tension and authentic submarine situations to satisfy both the submarine-movie and thriller-enthusiast in anyone .
i 've seen the pilates infomercials for a while now , but have been intimidated by the seemingly impossible movements . when i found this inexpensive " for dummies " dvd , i decided to give it a try . what a workout ! i consider myself to be in moderately good shape , and this workout can definitely be felt ! within the first couple of days i immediately noticed a change in my posture , and a good burn in my abs , hips and thighs . i highly recommend this as both a great workout and a wonderful intro to pilates .
ok even for a guy , i thought the hype might be a little more than it was worth , but to my amazement i thought is was a great story and lived up to all that i have reviewed . i would suggest the movie to all .
newman , redford , robert shaw as the bad guy , twists and turns and wry humor every 20 frames or so...how can anyone not like " the sting " ? when i saw it on the big screen upon its first release , i did not think it deserved the oscar as best film of its year , although i enjoyed it . now , decades later , and after having seen it perhaps 20 times , at least in pieces , i think it one of the best achievements in movie-making in its century . it has style , and a consistent sensibility , and logic , and on first viewing , it will keep you guessing as to who is going to come out on top . i ca n't imagine that anyone over 30 has n't seen it yet , but if that 's you , fix it as soon as possible . it is a primer in how to write , direct and act in a fairly long movie without ever boring the audience . newman 's drunken card-player on the train with shaw is absolutely classic
hector elizondo is an actor of uncommon skill . aside from his superlative work as a doctor on " chicago hope " he has been often cast as a sideman in films - the trusted aide , the sympathetic boss - but often in supporting roles . in " tortilla soup " he takes the leading role in a mexican-american remake of ang lee 's " eat drink man woman " . he plays martin naranjo , a mexican chef so gifted that all who eat his cuisine proclaim him an artist . the movie has delightful flourishes where we see dishes being prepared , then eaten , that are so delightful that you can almost perceive the wonderful aroma leaping from the screen . martin is has lost much of his sense of taste , which he thinks is a cruel irony , but his cuban partner reminds him that beethoven composed his greatest symphonies after he had lost the sense of hearing . martin also has 3 daughters who he has raised sinced becoming a widower 15 years ago . elizabeth pena is leticia , the pious schoolteacher who is invited to ask the blessing prior to the family meals although she turns a simple " grace " into mini-sermons . jacqueline obradors is the saucy carmen , who was encouraged to get her mba by martin , but has difficulty balancing the borderline ethics of large business deals with her growing realization that she is not pursuing her passion - as her father did with his wondrous cooking . tamara mello is the youngest maribel who finds herself torn between the pressure to go to college and to " find herself " . constance marie is family friend yolando , who is the same age as the older sisters and is coming to the end of a dissatisfying marriage with a young daughter who martin dotes on . raquel welch is yolando 's mother , hortensia , who is also without a man and plainly has designs on the compassionate and accomplished martin . the film depicts the evolution of these various characters as they come to terms with the progression of their love lives and professions . at the beginning of the film all of the characters are single . by the end they 've all been paired off in one manner or another , some in a manner more satisfyingly realistic than others . raquel welch is a bit of a distraction in the film . at age 61 she has a show-stopping beauty that few woman would aspire to at age 25 . in a film full of attractive performers she does n't " look her age " enough to blend into the story . she plays the part of geriatric bombshell jester and in a nice ensemble this role sticks out like a geriatric bombshell jester . the movie otherwise has some realistic and positive things to say about aspirations and relationships and i would recommend it if only to watch hector elizondo around the dinner table and in the kitchen .
it is the ultima of cgi video game movies . i must buy for final fantasy addicts .
if you love john waters then you 're already right there with me . i would classify this as a bit tame compared to his other offings and similar in style and irony to the movie grease but is a more self-aware film . i love rooting for the drapes and the idea that the squares can become drapes , which , thematically , seems to be a waterian theme - that we can all get along if we have sex with each other . which is probably true john . oh yeah , and johnny depp is young here and cool and i think you will enjoy seeing both ricki lake and tracy lords and willem dafoe as well ( i know i did )
although subtitled grazia 's island ( grazia is the lead role , magnificently realized by valeria golino ) , " respiro " could have well been called " scenes from rural sicilian life " , as the scenography , cinematography and tableaux-like imagery seem as important to the director as her thin narrative line . respiro 's locale is lampedusa , a tiny island far off the west coast of sicily . about the same latitude as malta , this place is about as remote as it gets - tunisia is closer than palermo . it can be safe to say that italian time here has pretty much stood still for decades ; this is italy of de sica and mascagni , not fellini and prada . the men go out to sea , the children play , women pack fish , old black-clad crones meddle and the languid summer air of total boredom hangs down from the cloudless sky . throughout this film you would probably ask yourself , " is she really as crazy as the family and neighbors think she is or just free spirited ? " it 's a fairly typical story , the type that a few great ( and many , many average ) italian filmmakers have been serving up for the last three generations - life in the sun drenched rural , ritualistic and tribal south and the saga of one village denizen who dares to break the moulds . how long since " cinema paradiso ? "  what i like most about the movie , besides the appealing scenery , was the interrelations of the characters , the humor , petty gossips , the impromptu emotional outbursts , the displays of maternal and filial affection . the two boys are tremendous : the older pasquale ( francesco casisa ) is the more mature of the two . the younger filippo ( filippo pucillo ) has an unregulated diarrhea mouth filled with hilarious and inspired ravings , often without sense . his rant against the busybody women is a treasure , as is his little-brother-as-big-brother protectiveness of his sister from the policeman-friend . the boy embodies an epic italianate inflammability far beyond his years . while viewing this i thought the son 's affection was overtly and uncomfortably oedipal at times . they do spend a lot of time and energy comforting their mom plus defending her against verbal attacks in the village . after seeing this film , i have realized that the rural lives by the sea in many countries are similar , the differences are in the languages , but the feelings are same . i enjoyed this film so much i might see it a couple of times .
respiro is one of those italian treasures of a film , this time written and directed by the insightful emanuele crialese , that isolates humanity in a place where all the joys and foibles of living become cogently the entire point of the story . respiro mixes the gut-level italian response to life with the surreal flights of fancy made famous by fellini . lampedusa is a mediterranean island between sicily and tunisia that is baked by the sun and is far enough away form the culture of italy to be a return to the native . the population is all involved in fishing . on this picturesque island lives grazia ( the beautiful and talented valeria golina ) who appears to be a wonderfully free spirit but is actually a bipolar personality . she lives happily with her fisherman husband pietro and her children : teenage marinella ( veronica d'agostini ) , pasquale ( frncesco casisa - a very fine little actor ! ) and filippo ( filippo pucillo ) . the boys adore their mother and their father and often make excuses for their mother 's wild behavior patterns to the villagers who view her as a menace . when grazia 's actions come under scrutiny by pietro and he considers the advice of the grandmother ( muzzi loffredo ) who occasionally gives grazia tranquilizing injections when her manic side surfaces and suggests grazia needs psychiatric help in milan , grazia runs away to hide in a grotto , her whereabouts are known only to pasquale . the little village mentality merges and the people search the waters for what they feel must be the death of grazia , only to discover on st bartolo 's day that grazia is blithely swimming in the ocean . how this affects the village and the lives of this tender family is the secret of the movie : revealing the ending would dissipate the joy of respiro . suffice it to say that the closing footage will simply take your breath away ! this little treasure of a movie has some of the most imaginative photography - both above and below the surface of the surrounding ocean - of any film you 'll see . the music by john surman is pitch perfect and atmospheric . the way director crialese captures the folklore-like behavior of the youngsters ' games , and the married-to-the-sea philosophy of the villagers , is utterly magical . this is a movie that celebrates those raw emotions of being human that seem to be eroding into the cultural pablum of contemporary society . respiro is a glowing reminder of the worth of a return to eden . in italian with english subtitles . grady harp , november 200
i enjoy all three of the the jurassic park movies , though i think &quot ; the lost world&quot ; is a bit weak . while i think that anyone who enjoys action movies , monster movies , or horror movies should own all three , i find it difficult to recommend this set because there is a set that contains not only the three movies , but a fourth dvd containing substantial background information on the making of the movies . i give this collection four stars only because the larger , more comprehensive collection is available and if you liked the first two , you will definitely like the third movie
now it is almost as if this movie was a warning about what our country would look like in 2004 . a relevant look at how easily people can be manipulated in the political process and how easily we are divided into us and them . bob roberts , a son of a hippy couple rebels against that world view and uses music as a means of spreading conservative propaganda . marketing hate and intolerance in the flag , this movie frighteningly shows in fiction what is being done in reality today . i think bob roberts will be a movie that historians will study 200 years ago and see it relevant for discussion of the united states around the turn of the millenium .
if you are not familiar with research , this nice approach to a scientist 's work will open your mind to a new world on which ordinary people have many fantasies . besides , this very interesting and moving film , with high level and homogeneous performances , will show , the closest it can , the early facts about such a terrible disease . i strongly recommend it . i have seen it with my 16 year old son , but maybe it is not suitable for kids under this age . a bit too long lasting and complex for younger audience .
i 'll make this short and sweet . i used to work in spin . i did advance , which is creating media events for politicians . in other words , for a time i was one of those people that manipulated public thought by the way in which we delivered information . i 'll let others speak to the eerie connections to orwell 's foresight . i 'll let others write about how effectively the film makers make the case . that which is represented in this piece is true . the observations are astute . the prognosis is grim . i wholeheartedly recommend this film to anyone who clings to the belief in the ideas of the founding fathers . buy it . watch it . watch it again . share it with friends .
watch this and be inspired by the awesome herbie hancock . the recording sessions are great . the music and the movie flow along like a terrific jazz solo , riffing on all kinds of themes but herbie brings it together into a whole . just watching him play on the piano is a treat . if you 're not that familiar with this living jazz legend , check this out and you 'll admire both the man and his music
your milage may vary ; but i found this movie white-knuckle intense and extremely provocative . there is little danger of giving away the plot ; it is not particularly complex . three stupid , arrogant american teenagers tempt fate by crossing an unguarded gate from finland to the former ussr , which at the time was very much the ussr and a very bad place for americans . they make photographs of themselves on the wrong side of the gate . so far so good , but then they get lost and go the wrong way right into the hands of the russians who mistake them for spies . some interesting subplots are also happening that keep things moving , that i 'll keep a secret for ya . i can promise you one thing : if you are american , after seeing this , you 'll salute the flag , think real hard before traveling overseas and i 'll bet you never photograph yourself on the wrong side of an international border
bruce almighty is a great movie . it about a newsreporter , bruce nolan ( jim carrey ) , that has a bad day a work ( gets fired ) and thinks that god is punishing him . so god ( morgan freedman ) meets him at a warehouse and tell bruce that he can have all his powers . then bruce has fun with the god powers gets his job back , but sometimes its hard to be god . you 'll have to watch the rest of the movie to find the rest out . : ) their are some great parts in the movie like when he gets a monkey to crawl out of a guys butt , when he gets prayers , it saids " you got prayers " instead of " you got mail " . overall the story was pretty good and funny . if you want to have some good laughs and giggles , watch this and some scenes are not appropriate with children . hehe . though it is pg-13 . rating 9.2/1
here is the reason why somebody like bruce can not be a god . simply because the world would suck ! ! ! and his life too . it 's a very good movie . it shows that people ca n't always have what they want . very interesting and unpredictable plot . hilarious
excellent , great camera work , very good sound and commentar
the direction of this film is excellent . i love all the characters and the way they interact . the storyline is very important also . it 's about religious beliefs and neighbors that interact with each other . it 's a well-paced and interesting story that 's not like anything else i 've ever seen .
this 2 disc set is packaged in a very nicely made large metal box with room for the other volumes in the series if you feel the need to remove them from the original cardboard packaging ( you 'll lose your otaku status if you do ) . the box is well adorned with imagery from the series and is a very good idea and generous from bandai considering that we 'd have bought a normal cardboard box with joy . thanks bandai - appreciated
in some of fred astaire 's movies there 's only one excellent reason to watch , and that 's to watch fred astaire . in you were never lovelier there are three other excellent reasons . rita hayworth . jerome kern . johnny mercer . the four of them have concocted a romantic and funny south american fable that features some great dancing by both astaire and hayworth and some memorable songs by kern and mercer . eduardo acuna ( adolphe menjou ) , a wealthy buenos aires businessman , has four beautiful daughters , and in the acuna family they must marry in age order . the eldest fulfills her responsibilities and the two youngest have beaus they 're now anxious to share vows with . but the second eldest , maria ( rita hayworth ) is in no hurry . she wants romance and charm and the men she meets are just panting boys . then she sees robert davis ( fred astaire ) , a very charming , down-on-his-luck dancer , singing dearly beloved at her elder sister 's wedding . he tries to chat her up ; she stares him down . then the plot intervenes . before long she knows what she wants . robert knows what he wants . eduardo acuna knows what he does n't want...a down-on-his-luck dancer in the family . from then on it 's songs , dances , romance and misunderstandings , which moves into songs , dances and romance . the plot feels sluggish at times and there 's way too much xavier cugat and his orchestra , but astaire and hayworth are at their peak , kern has written some memorable melodies and few could top mercer at lyric writing , none in hollywood . hayworth not only was a gorgeous creature , she was a gifted dancer ; many think she was the best astaire worked with . technically , she not only handled the steps astaire created , she did so without a hint of effort . after you 've watched the dances a couple of times , go back and watch again , but this time concentrate on her face and her hand and arm action . she gives every indication of being utterly relaxed and enjoying herself , even in the fast tap routines . she seems naturally to find the most graceful attitude for an extended arm , a turn of her head , a raised hand . she may not be quite as good as astaire , but she 's good enough . among the stand-out routines are : --the audition dance . robert shows up at acuna 's office and demands a chance to show his stuff as a dancer . from there astaire takes off on a fast tap routine that takes him all over the floor , onto acuna 's desk , the sofa and chairs . he works into the dance a cane , a rug , the drapes and acuna 's head . --i 'm old fashioned . this is probably the best romantic wooing dance astaire did . it 's all fluid motion and spontaneous recognition , danced on the elegant , polished outdoor landing of acuna 's mansion . rita hayworth is a vision , and matches him step for step . we move from maria declaring with humor and assurance that robert 's the man for her , to robert 's protestation that he 's just a guy from omaha , nebraska , to the dance that brings them closer and closer together until we know through the dance that a love match has just happened . the funny exit through the doors and back into the living-room , bumping into each other , each giving way , bumping again and then going in together arm in arm hits just the right note . the dance works so well in part because kern and mercer came up with a classic : i 'm old fashioned , i love the moonlight , i love the old fashioned things . the sound of rain upon a window pane , the starry song that april sings . this year 's fancies are passing fancies but sighing sighs , holding hands , these my heart understands . i 'm old fashioned but i do n't mind it . that 's how i want to be , as long as you agree , to stay old fashioned with me . --the shorty george . this fast tap routine starts out with maria visiting robert at a rehearsal . he sings the shorty george and she takes a couple of lines . he looks surprised that she knows the song . he starts to dance and invites her to join him . hayworth stays right with astaire and looks like she 's having the time of her life . --you were never lovelier . robert declares his feelings for maria , but more misunderstandings occur . finally , everything is resolved . robert shakes off some knight 's armor he was wearing ( there is sort of a reason ) and appears below maria 's bedroom window in black tie . she rushes down...and off they go dancing while all the members of the acuna family look on approvingly . and the johnny mercer lyrics and jerome kern music brings us to the happy end : you were never lovelier , you were never so fair ; dreams were never lovelier , pardon me if i stare . down the sky the moonbeams fly to light your face ; i can only say they chose the proper place . you were never lovelier , and to coin a new phrase , i was never luckier in my palmiest days . make a note , and you can quote me , honor bright , you were never lovelier than you are tonight
city by the sea is a movie that is propelled by its rich performances , particularly those of robert deniro and frances mcdormand . both oscar winners , they infuse their characters with such humanity and imperfection , they make this movie much better than it would have been in other hands . james franco , although obviously &quot ; in&quot ; to his performance , comes across attempting to repeat his emmy award winning role as james dean . the mannerisms , the false bravado , the hurt and pinched face , are trademarks of the late dean , and franco seems to enjoy using them again . william forsythe approaches a caricature of his role , but it 's still spinetingling enough to make your skin crawl . anson mount as the moralistic cop dave simond , gives a strong , understated performance , showing that all cops are n't bad . george dzundza as deniro 's partner is also good , as is linda emon , as his wife in a very touching and sad scene where deniro confronts her after dzunda 's death---apparently at the hands of deniro 's son . the movie is to be commended for giving us characters with flaws , and in understanding the way some relationships never fully materialize or heal . the film has some marvelous cinematography of the old asbury park area , and has an ending that while not totally satisfying is real . a good movie
rather than " menace to society " , this movie should be titled , " the unfortunate victims of a racist society " . my heart bleeds for the real-world counterparts of these young men , caught up in the unending battle for survival in south-central la , and other such areas all around the country . i understand that we all make choices , but how many do these young men have ? it is a racist , exclusionary society that has condemned them to their fate ; to die violently at the hands of their own brothers . its sickening . society is more of a menace to these young men , than they are responsible for being a menace to society . having said that , the movie itself is excellent . it 's gritty and real to the 'nth ' degree . movies like this should be a huge wakeup call for the 'powers that be ' in this country , but the reality is that the grave lessons it teaches will pass unnoticed
i wanted to see a movie one evening , and it really did n't matter what movie , i just wanted to get out of the house , and get to a theater . i looked at the listings and decided to see " in good company " , and i 'm certainly glad i did . i found this movie to be very entertaining , and very enjoyable to watch . i thought this movie really showed a new edge to scarlett johansson as well . in a way this movie was also an eye-opener on todays ' corporate america , and its ' all too often pitfalls . nicely produced , acted , and directed .
eddie dies and goes to heaven where he learns his life has been meaningful to at least 5 people . i enjoyed watching this movie , and i feel it allows us to appreciate the little things done for others...not making us feel guilty because we did not change the world with a bang .
this is one of my favorite movies of all time . i saw it when it first came out and ten years later it 's still just as funny . basic plot : ted is a bellhop at an expensive hotel and he 's alone on new year 's night . anyone who 's had a bad night/day on the job can relate to ted as he encounters the most 'unusual ' situations . from the witches who need his 'secret ' ingredient to make their potion , to a gangster 's bratty kids , a gun toting psyco who likes to play kinky sex games with his wife and finally all the stories tie into a hilarious ending with a room of drunken hollywood people who want to make ted part of their hazardous ( and very gross ) bet . i do n't want to give too much away but i will say that i will always love this movie and it has one of the best endings ever . if you love a good , dark comedy this is the movie for you
this set is one of the better jurassic park sets . each disk contains a lot of extras , many of which are fun to watch . fans of the trilogy that have yet to buy the dvds will find this set a great one to have . " jurassic park " introduced us to digital dinosaurs and how fearsome they could be with modern computer technology . this movie advanced horror and monster movies in a method similar to the way " alien " advanced science fiction movies . " jurassic park " immediately became an audience favorite and the new standard by which special effects would be judged . stephen spielberg effectively combined in-your-face terror with special effects to keep people at the edge of their seats and in awe of life-like creatures dinosaurs . " the lost world " unfortunately did not measure up to " jurassic park . " many of the characters were unbelievable and there were too many plot holes that were too readily visible to make the movie enjoyable from beginning to end . while there were several parts of the movie that were well-done , there were at least as many parts where the actions of the characters were unrealistic . the bumps in the actions of the characters just did not allow me to focus on the plot throughout . another problem with this movie is that it focused too much on action , and very little on the characters themselves . thus , the movie comes across as more of a cartoon than a horror movie . " jurassic park iii " simplified the plot , added new dinosaurs , and allowed the characters to develop more than " the lost world . " the short length of the movie forced the movie to be simpler than the previous movie , and that simplicity makes for a good movie . the best new dinosaur in this movie had to be the pteranodons , though the spinosaur was great also . the characters in this movie generally acted as i would expect them to , and there were fewer outright acts of stupidity . even the theft of a raptor egg was done in ignorance . so while it was a convenient plot device , you would expect something like that by someone with only minimal knowledge of dinosaurs . i was very happy to see sam neill returning in the role of dr. alan grant . his character particularly is very believable . enjoy !
i loved ben vereen in the show . wanted the music for my ipod , too . very satisfie
this show undoubtly is one of the greatest around . i have to say right off though to the guy in the first review about how they wanted to give american 's their own monty python show and they failed because their show is better than monty python . their show is not better , it is of equal and noteworthy standing . monty python is history that will never been changed . they have gone on to do many other creative things . bob odenkirk is doing miller lite commercials and i hope he does something like david has with his new appearance in arrested development . i can honestly say that this show is not better , yet it is close , to monty pythons flying circus . both are great shows . it is full of hillarious sketches and original ideas that is for sure and if you have n't yet , go buy the other seasons and add to your growing comedy sets because you wo n't regret adding this
hospitals are inherently spooky . scenes of so much pain and death , the very walls soaking up the agony through the years , they can slowly affect the minds and souls of those that work there . the hospital in " infection " ( " kansen " ) is in particularly bad shape . losing money , unable to keep staff , the doctors and nurses working there are under-qualified and desperate . into this unstable environment comes a strange patient , with a black , infectious rash . slowly , the rash spreads , revealing a terrifying disease that liquidates the insides of a human 's body , slowly driving the staff insane with fear and anticipation . but all is not as it seems , even then . i 'm impressed that , even watching as much j-horror as i do , " infection " still managed to creep me out . it was unexpectedly good . director masayuki ochiai knows the things in a hospital that can make you cringe , and he uses them to their fullest extent . he also keeps you guessing as to exactly what kind of horror movie this is . is it about a devastating biological infection ? are those ghosts ? is that a serial killer ? all of his images and slow revelations of the story keep making less and less sense , disorientating you just when you think you have a handle on it , until the final page is revealed and it all comes crashing home . " infection " is n't quite a gross-out flick , like " ichi the killer , " but it definitely relies on visual shock for its scares while keeping a good atmosphere . if anything , it manages to combine the creepy mood of j-horror ghost films like " ring " while still delivering on cringe-worthy gore . one scene in particular had me going . when you see the movie , you will know what it was . as part of the " j-horror theater " series , and directer by a relatively new-comer who 's experience has mainly been doing horror tv shows , i did n't have high expectations for this film . i thought it would be a cheap job , done to cash in on the current j-horror fad . i was wrong . it is quite a well made little horror flick , not outstanding or groundbreaking , but really excellent for what it is
i find the breakdown of each step concise and easy to follow . the instructions also contain tips for safety which is an assurance for beginners like me . would be sharing this with my pals and recommending it to whoever wants to lear
at ikiru 's opening , i started to have real doubts about the film . i had heard that this was kurosawa 's best , and the film was built up just enough to come crashing down . luckily , that did n't happen . the narrator of the film reminded me of criswell 's narrations to plan 9 from outer space . the film seemed to say too much and show too little . then as the narrator continued during an extremely long take of our hero mr. watanabe at work , something clicked . the long duration of the shot and the narrator 's continued breakdown of the man 's less wholesome characteristics gave the impression that he was breaking down our lives , that the narration is coming from the back of our own minds , and that we are powerless to silence it . that floored me , and for the rest of the film , i remained awe-stricken by this humble yet miserable man . takashi shimura gives one of the greatest performances i 've seen since raging bull . here is a guy whose really pissed off at the world , but he 's smart enough to know he has only himself to blame for the mediocrity his life has been dealt . the horror on his face when he learns of his cancer will remain with me for a long time . there are points at which the film seems to drag on , but never without purpose . when he dies , having finally given meaning to his existence , his coworkers and family members recount the final days with pity , confusion , and finally admiration . the scene lags , which makes us that much more insulted by their ignorance
this is a great film that preceded the onset of the " jlo . " " out of sight " is a great showcase for jennifer lopez 's talent as an actress . it is a shame that she has n't been presented with more great roles , like that of karen sisco , in this film . karen is a d.a , who carries a rifle and a jaded attitude . she has a chance encounter with charming , compulsive bank robber jack foley ( george clooney ) . their encounter is made especially intriguing because it takes place following his would-be kidnapping of sisco in her own car . it is no surprise that sparks fly.....however , this does n't downplay the complexities of their star-crossed encounter . some of the greatest strong points of this film include the juxtaposition of flashbacks , incorporating trick camera work and voice overs . what 's more , this film was shot in a very bare bones style . we do n't get a sense of romance , so much as a feeling of stark reality . the colors are dark , the dialogue between the characters is honest , real and simply wonderful . this film has a potential for mass appeal , due to the fact that , though it does get gritty and violent , that does n't downplay its intelligence or originality . violence is counterbalanced by genuinely funny scenes , as well as more introspective glimpses at how the characters turned out as they did . this is definitely a great date film ! !
this was one of the best movies of 1998 , but for whatever reason did not attract a large audience . when i try to think of superlatives to desribe it , the one that keeps coming to mind is " cool . "  most of the coolness factor is owed to two things : steven soderbergh 's steady directing and the chemistry between the actors , especially george clooney and jennifer lopez . back before we knew that clooney would go on to channel the same character in virtually all of his roles , he defined suave in this movie . and back before she was j.lo , lopez was that in living color fly girl with the big ole butt trying to make a name for herself as a film actress . here she gives the best performance of her career . while all of the cast ( ving rhames , dennis farina , albert brooks and michael keaton and samuel l. jackson in cameos ) is solid , after clooney and lopez the real star is don cheadle . he is quite convincing as the prison boxer snoopy . he oozes rage and steals every scene that he 's in . plots based on books by elmore leonard tend to be above average , but are mostly dependent upon the colorful characters he writes . thanks to the talent of all involved , this movie is one of the best
i did n't think it would be that great and only saw it for joshua jackson , but the plot twists were really good and i enjoyed it a lot . and of course , kate hudson , whom i adore , ( even though i did n't pay much attention to her in this one ) . but yeah , i really liked the end . and this is where i first heard of norman reedus . then i saw the boondock saints . : -d this is a good movie and is very underappreciated .
wow . this movie is outrageous . it was a great movie for both ice cube and mike epps . they were both great in next friday , so i was ready for this movie . i recommend this movie to those who enjoy comedy with their action . there is a lot of both here . i also recommend friday after next , because ice cube and mike epps are in that as well
the seconf gig is trying to be good . i only watch the show just to see the action the story is boring . i love the being opening scene with the music playing even the animation is a little better then the first season . and its a bit more mature then the first season
if you are a ghits sac fan this dvd is a must , series wise the dvd contains 4 new episodes and the tachikoma stories are back as well , in fact the tachikoma 's are now back in action in the series too . graphic wise , 2nd gig drops the funny pastel look of the first season and returns to its dark look as it was in the first movie , the cg is allot more fine-tuned and the action is awesome ! ! ! , the opener has also improved significantly for the series ! ! ! , sound wise the series is awesome as usual 5.1 dts japanese & 5.1 dts english , with stereo for both and there are english subtitles if you chose to run it with japanese audio . overall they squealed sac season 1 perfectly , this not a series to miss if you 're a shell fan !
this dvd has wonderful workouts . i think the flexibility of 10 min . workouts to target certain areas is a fabulous idea . it keeps me motivated to keep going . the dvd does n't work as it should - you should be able to pick 3 different workouts and it will play the ones you 've picked in order , this does n't work , so i just pick the ones i want to do , one at a time and then i 'm able to workout the areas i want
i have a few friends who " do n't like cartoons " . i guess they were brought up on hannah-barbara drek and it turned them off of the whole genre . when i run into this attitude,i pull out spirited away and my neighbor totoroto show them the beauty , subtly , and power of animation .
i first watched this performance on pbs great performances . it is amazing . i 'm very happy to finally find a complete version of the stage show on dvd . rachel york does a top-notch performance in the leading role . the rest of the cast is up to par . there have been other reviews that say the music is dated , or other such nonsense , but do not pay heed to them . premiered in 1948 , the musical is based on the taming of the shrew ( shakespeare ) , and the music and lyrics are done by cole porter . sometimes referred to as his masterpiece ( which i agree with ) , the production never drags or disappoints . the lyrics are extremely witty ( a trademark of porter ) . the music keeps you humming along for days .
this show is great . the 5th season was considered so-so by critics but it is truely halarious . see 'the ski lift ' for a classic curb episode
happiness can be delicate . in just one swoop , it can stolen out from under you , just when you least expect it . the results can be often devastating - some can never recover . the family in the italian film the son 's room has found such happiness , but when tragedy suddenly strikes , they 're engulfed in a whirlwind of grief and paralyzed with heartache . grief is perhaps the most tangled of human emotions , and the vagaries of sadness , love , and anger that comprise its essence are often very difficult to portray . luckily , co-writer , director , and actor nanni moretti avoids all the usual clichs in this delicately nuanced and subtly acted film . the son 's room is indeed a moving and weighty depiction of one family 's attempts to heal after sudden death strikes them . moretti stars as giovanni , a successful psychiatrist with a busy practice treating the assorted neurotics of the picture-perfect northern italian coastal town he and his family call home . giovanni is a mild-mannered and kindly man , who has a sort of passive and submissive approach to living . giovanni also has a lovely family : he 's happily married to gorgeous book publisher paola ( laura morante ) and shares what he considers a close relationship with his teenaged daughter irene ( jasmine trinca ) and son andrea ( giuseppe sanfelice ) . he presides over his wife and two children with a kind of flaccid authority , enveloping them with the same deceptively passive doctoral concern with which he counsels his psychiatric patients . he supports , and heals , less by what he says than by what he does n't say . he quietly coaches andrea in soccer moves , while encouraging irene to be more competitive at basketball . perhaps it 's an ominous portent of what is to come , but the film opens as andrea and his friends have been accused of stealing a valuable fossil from the school 's science department . giovanni and paola are surprised to find they entertaining the idea that their son may in fact be guilty as charged . however , no one takes the incident that seriously . if this is the only drama that affects giovanni 's serene life , nothing prepares him for the sudden tragedy that occurs one sunny sunday afternoon . called away from home by a desperate client , giovanni cancels his plans to go jogging with andrea ; and it 's a fatal choice that haunts him for months to come . the accident , when it happens , is so unexpected . the loss giving rise to sorrow , rage , tenderness , and the inexplicable feeling that hope is no longer possible . the family , emotionally fractured , is unable to continue on . plunged into unimaginable grief , giovanni attempts to carry on with his life , but bereft of his objectivity , he finds he 's no longer able to function as an analyst . the son 's room , with it 's subtle acting and its pensive , emotionally layered story , remains a startling testament to the delicate nuances of grief . and it 's as though moretti has invited the viewer to spy on a deeply personal event in the life of a very ordinary family . like a fly on the wall we witness the sadness , the regret , the empty dinners and the overwhelming feeling of whether they could have done anything to stop the accident . moretti , whose eyes glitter with knowledge from within a bland , bearded , professorial face , gives a wonderful performance , as does the classy morente as the beautiful , anguished paola . while giovanni wanders dazed through a theme park , numb to the grief , paola fields a desire to talk about the absent child . a savior for the family arrives in a letter addressed to the deceased , and when the writer appears on the family 's doorstep , she offers the grace note that reminds them of the means by which happiness eventually repairs itself and the unavoidable fact that life goes on . there 's no catharsis here , only a heartfelt exploration of what it means to grieve . mike leonard august 05 .
this series is awesome , and i am incredibly happy to have it to watch over and over . it speaks to the depths of the soul of a man . having experienced intense pain , though not in war , i find the emotion and the comeradery very intensely satisfying in this series . this bonding is what men were meant to do , not just in war , but in our every day battles . the sense of brotherhood among people with only one major event in common is instructional . i recommend this for any group of buddies , or even church groups
very good acting and a fantastic script put this movie at the top of the list of must see movies of this decade . you have to decide for yourself about the spiritual quality and message but i personally thought it was well done . joaquin phoenix puts in his usual top notch performance
not only does the movie signs offer a wonderfully different kind of alien/ufo tale , but its characters are very likable and the story is about much more than aliens from another planet . the story 's true question is this : does everything just happen by chance , or is god caring for his children in ways they simply can not understand ? signs is the story of hope lost , faith put aside because of intense pain and grief , and how one man 's relationship with god affects the lives of those around him . we were amazed by how truly moving this film is , as well as how humorous it can be , and we were impressed with the acting of all the cast . does everything just happen by chance , or is god caring for his children in ways they simply can not understand ?
this movie is obviously not for everyone . it 's not a comedy that you just put in and sit back and be shut down the old cranium for the two plus hour 's . nope , instead you get the muscle a-cranking . huckabees requires you to really pay attention and think and take everything in . this film explores several questions mainly dealing with the connection between one person and to the heart , soul , and body of every other thing in existence in an ever-changing world . this film is a big orgy of questioning . and who does n't like questioning ? this film , in its own right , is very original and thought provoking that goes above and beyond any form of typicality of films . " huckabees " offers us an impressive cast with dustin hoffman , lily tomlin , jason schwartzman , jude law , mark wahlberg , isabelle huppert ( one of my favorite international actress 's ) and naomi watts . most notable performances by , namely , dustin hoffman as it 's nice to see him in an exceptional role . he has n't really been given a great script and chance to portray a great character since probably 1997 's " wag the dog . " it 's very nice to see hoffman play a great character , as bernard , the quirky husband half of the existential detectives . also , most notable is the performance of mark wahlberg , as tommy corn , another client of the detectives that befriends albert . tommy is a fire fighter who has his own environmental concerns as he refuses to ride on the fire truck and rather , rides a bike to the fire saying , " we 'd all be heroes if we stopped using petroleum . " mark wahlberg is hilarious in this movie and has his best performance since probably " boogie nights " and " three kings . " however , this movie is much more of an ensemble performance than anything else . the ensemble 's performance in this film is terrific and the chemistry between each character is flawless . the most credit to this movie goes to writer/director david o. russell . russell has obviously something going on up there in the cabeza to extract such a story . but the story is amazingly written . the script is out of the ordinary yet genius and comes out as one of the most intelligent films out there and hilarious at that .
she just keeps getting better and better . i love this woman , she makes us all look at ourselves and laugh over situations that are hurtful . i personally will keep an open mind and try to copy some of her down to earth common sense a lot uf us have let go of for whatever reason . way to go girl. .
one thing about arrested development that i forgot to mention in my previous review is how the humor holds up nicely over the years . what i found funny last year when i was watching the show is just as consistently funny now . in fact , now that i understand the style of humor better , i think the show is even funnier now . fox had something good cooking with arrested development . it seems whenever a show does n't get the ratings a network wants , a network will move the show to another night and timeslot in the hope of achieving better ratings . it very rarely works , and sadly arrested development is another example of this . i ca n't blame fox for pulling the plug . after all , they tried their hardest to promote the show . i remember sunday nights watching the simpsons and during the commercials the people at fox really wanted viewers to tune in . the writers of the show should be proud that fox tried very hard to keep it on the air . it 's just unfortunate people did n't want to watch it . i still believe if more people were willing to pay attention to the characters on the show and made a solid effort to get involved in the twisted storylines instead of assuming the show should be like a regular laugh track comedy , arrested development would be around today . as it stands , 53 episodes are all we have of this great show . honestly , it 's not enough , but will have to do . do we really need anymore laugh track comedies ? are n't there more than enough of them on the air now ? most of these shows people wo n't even recognize when they hear the name of them because there 's so many . most comedies that feature a laughing audience are exactly the same , and they blend together . one plainly obvious joke after another . i 'm bored just thinking about it . we 've reached a time when television has changed with all sorts of reality shows and whatnot , and changing the format of the comedy genre to a direction similar to arrested development is the right move , in my opinion . the times need to change . people make a big deal about arrested development because there 's really nothing else like it on television . that 's why the show deserves all the 5-star ratings it has received here on amazon . people would n't be praising the show so much if there was n't a good reason for it . trust me , there 's a reason for all the positive reviews . buy one of the dvd season sets , pop a bag of popcorn in the microwave , watch the show * carefully * and experience the joy so many people are raving about .
this is a great dvd about cage matches . it has a lot of violent matches on it and a lot of classic cage matches . but the reason why i i am giving this 4 stars is because most of the matches on here are jips . ( matches joined in progress . ) it would have been better if all the matches were full . but on disc 2 it has 7 full matches but that is still no enough matches . this dvd is worth a buy but remeber only 7 matches are full
i 've been doing this dvd workout for two years , and i still ca n't make it all the way through the " level 2 " workouts . this video is incredibly challenging , but i like that i can do the " level 1 " workouts and have the goal of making it to the next level one day . no other dvd can accomplish what tamilee does in 15 minutes . this really makes me value how efficient she is at giving you exercises that are really challenging and in a short amount of time . i am always sore the next day when i do her workouts . this is a great dvd
i am absolutely in love with this movie . it 's a real documentary , not a mocumentary , but it is hilarious . the special features on the dvd are n't amazing , but the movie itself is absolutely wonderful
in the same way he was able to extract a searing performance from andy griffith in 1957 's " a face in the crowd " , master director elia kazan gets similarly stellar results from natalie wood in this classic 1961 melodrama about youthful sexual repression in rural 1920 's kansas . in the same year as her maria in " west side story " , she has never been more affecting then she is here as deanie loomis , the local butcher 's daughter deeply in love with bud stamper , the son of an oil scion and the high school football hero . they are the senior sweethearts everyone expects to marry , but both have to battle constantly with their sexual longing and their grasping parents . the ruling moral code restricts deanie more than bud who ends up cavorting with a good-time girl named juanita . the indiscretion overwhelms deanie who attempts suicide and ends up in a sanitarium for her fragile mental state . a few years later with their lives on divergent paths , they meet again to come to terms with each other . while the whole film is beautifully executed thanks to kazan 's sure hand and william inge 's screenplay ( his first directly for the screen ) , it 's the last fifteen minutes that really resonate with the characters expressing their emotions with a minimum of dialogue . otherwise , there are plenty of heated moments of melodrama along with soap opera elements familiar to anyone who has seen 1955 's " picnic " based on inge 's successful broadway play . at her most beautiful , wood is wondrous as she moves fluidly from innocently infatuated to obsessive to resigned . as the none-too-bright bud , warren beatty is charismatic in his film debut and makes deanie 's powerful fixation completely understandable . there are several standout performances among the supporting cast with audrey christie pitch-perfect as deanie 's unsympathetic mother , pat hingle in blowhard mode as bud 's power-hungry father , and zohra lampert as angie , the self-effacing waitress bud meets at yale . the classic wordsworth poem from which the film 's title is derived makes a fitting coda for this movie , and i still feel the intractable sense of longing in the two lead characters every time i see this movie . the 2001 dvd unfortunately has no extras
this is the best batman volume yet ! the old robin ( dick grayson ) , travels around the world and becomes nightwing . a new robin fights by batman 's side ( tim drake ) , and batgirl is part of the group . many villains look different . clayface looks more like clay , and bane looks more and act more like a freelance assasin . i will now tell you how good each episode is . disc 1 : holiday knights = a sins of the father = a + cold comfort = a- double talk = a- you scratch my back = a never fear = a +  disc 2 : joker 's millions = b + + growing pains = a + + love is a croc = b + torch song = a- the ultimate thrill = b + over the edge = a + +  disc 3 : mean seasons = b + critters = a- cult of the cat = a animal act = a + old wounds = a + + the demon within = a  disc 4 : legends of the dark knight = a- superman episode-girl 's nite out = a mad love = b + + chemistry = a beware the creeper = a + + judgement day = b +
the " back to the future " trilogy was excellent . the item was in perfect condition and arrived quickly . my husband , who owns a delorean , was happy to get the whole story and we have enjoyed watching the old movies .
this is my favorite movie . i like it all : screenplay , director , actors , etc . believe it brilliant
whats not to like about ct ? i own this dvd and the audio double cd . thats it-believe me , thats all you 'll need . what really makes it worth it is the " commentary " . a fabulous and totally hillarious walk thru of all the songs on the dvd . i can think of no other band that has the ability to laugh at themselves like these guys do . that humor along with superior musicianship makes them as well as this dvd a must have !
the boys take the stage on their hometown for a " silver " anniversary concert and pull out all the stops . guest stars abound along with a host of other musicians add to the celebration and the crowd was indeed rabid . all the songs are represented here that ct fans expect and are delivered with verve . all band members are represented here , and even former bassist jon brandt joins in for his album cuts . the dvd offers up a nice selection of extras including rick nielson hamming it up for the camera off stage ( and on stage of course ) . cheap trick wails and all is right in the world . now for the negatives from this release . sound is just okay , after some heavy eq work i was able to get a very good sound from my sony 5.1 system , but camera work is indeed lacking . cameras used for long shots had badly overexposed pictures much of the time and many of the handheld shots were in wrong position , but that may have been an editing problem . all in all i give the performance 5-stars and production 3 stars ( a very generous 3-stars ) .
this 1954 musical release is just too good/too fun to pass up . adam ( howard keel - oh my god , what a voice ) needs a wife and zeros in on milly ( jane powell ) to drag back to his oregon territory farm and six unruly brothers . the tiny beauty has a backbone and rises to the challenge . milly makes believers out of them . the brothers decide they want wives of their own and kidnap more cuties from town . whoops , they forgot to drag the preacher along too and the pass gets snowed-in for winter . the songs are lovely , the story charming , but it 's the dance choreography that brings me back again and again . there are two numbers in particular which showcase the brothers ' dance skills , and they are outstanding . julie newmar of catwoman fame is one of the kidnapped cuties . they stick her in the back or whisk her out completely for the more involved dance routines , but who cares , it 's julie newmar
you know you have a hit on your hands when even your boys want to sit and watch this wonderful video over and over again ! i pass them walking around the house humming the music and even asking for art materials to try some of the things they have seen in the video . best educational video i have seen for motivating the creative side of children and it has motivated me to buy other brainy baby videos . try it-you wo n't be dissapointed !
this movie may not be for everyone , but to me it 's highly memorable . possible spoiler alert :  this is n't your ordinary " travel back in time to alter the futures of people you care about " -flick ( back to the future--although , granted , it was better made and more entertaining ) . butterfly effect is really about ( in alphabetical order ) acceptance , chance , charity , choice , grownup love , hope , identity , opportunity , regret , and sacrifice . some reviewers mentioned the quality of acting . here are my thoughts : kutcher to me always seemed an innocent , caring , small town fellow more than the fun guy most of us might know him as , and that 's why i was n't surprised to see him pull off this role . amy smart was good mostly , but glaringly off-key at times ( granted she had to show more range the the other actors )
this definitely is one of the best movies to own ! ! if you have n't seen it yet , you should.. . if you 've seen the movie " blood in , blood out " , then you should definitely see this one... if you have n't seen either one , then i reccommend you buying them both as a combo pack or separately ( if you want to save $ $ ) .. . i do n't know which one i love more out of the two , because i know i 've watched each movie more then 30 times.. . both movies are pretty similar to each other... but " blood in , blood out " kinda focuses on the 3 brothers , and the paths each of them takes , where as " american me " focuses on the paths of the main characters in this movie ( like santana , puppet , lil ' puppet , etc ) .. but not only does it show their lifestyles , but it also focuses on how its having an effect on their families , and how their families feel about the life that their kids are leading... " american me " i think involves more of the family in this picture and culture ( la raza ) then " blood in , blood out " does... it also shows its origin , like the pachuco 's ( zoot suit 's , zoot suit riots ) . . this movie is pretty close to 5 stars in my book... to me i think it definitely is 1/2 star better then " blood in , blood out " ...becuase this one seems to have alot more of a story line to it , and more characters its focusing on... both in and outside the prison walls. . if you 're not sure about owning it , rent it first... but i can pretty much guarantee that you 'll eventually end up owning it
an intriging suspense film with a shocking ending . the clues are obvious throughout the film , but the viewer is , nevertheless , surprised and possibily amazed . alan rickman shines as david weinburg , the social climbing husband . his performance shows his versality as an actor . for viewers who like suspense dark harbor is a must
this excellent dvd gives us a remarkable version of martin scorsese 's film . it has been color corrected by scorsese himself , and remastered for superior sound quality . the concert on thanksgiving day in 1976 was the final concert of the band , with its original lineup . numerous special musical guests enhanced the occasion . the band were clearly at the top of their game that night , despite whatever personal tensions may have existed between them . classic songs like " up on cripple creek " , " stage fright " ,and " they night they drove old dixie down " are given excellent rendtions . the guest stars seem to be having a good time , with backing by the band themselves . ronnie hawkins does an outstanding " who do you love " . dr. john does his classic " such a night " . joni mitchell performs her underrated " coyote " . a high-kickin ' van morrison rocks the house with " caravan " . and blues legend muddy waters does a spectacular " mannish boy " . in a " making of " featurette , scorsese says waters ' perforance of this song was almost not filmed , because most of the cameras ran out of film . fortunately , one cameraman caught the whole song , so we can have this excellent performance . neil young , eric clapton,and bob dylan are just some of the other performers in this outstanding lineup . scorsese also provides excellent behind the scenes interviews with the members of the band . the dvd also incudes two commentaries . one features scorsese and robbie robertson , the other features levon helm , garth hudson , and guests stars hawkins and mavis staples . they all have good stories to tell , and serve to enhance the film quite well . a previously unseen jam , and an eight page booklet written by robertson round out the dvd . i highly reccomend this dvd to this classic film 's many fans
welcome to the lower east side , where the high-rise apartments of the super-rich abut the tenements on the riverside . here joel mccrea , a poor would-be architect , is infatuated with rich girl wendy barrie , while poor girl sylvia sidney pines for him , all the while trying to save her younger brother from a life of crime on the streets . into the scene strides humphrey bogart as a wanted killer , coming home to try to reconnect with his mother and an old flame . intersecting with the adult storyline is that of the dead end kids ( in what would be the first of many screen appearances ) , of which sidney 's brother is the leader . the film is based on a play , and boy can you tell . the studio set is deeply obvious as such , and the structure is too carefully symmetrical . the social symbolism is subtle as a sledgehammer , and the script is too caught up with being worthy . bogart 's performance is a striking one , however , and his character stands out as fully realized when compared to the walking social messages incarnated by sidney and mccrea . the dead end kids ( also known as the east side kids , the bowery boys , and the little tough guys ) would show again the following year in angels with dirty faces , and viewing the two films together is instructive , showing , among other things , the difference between mgm 's gloss ( which sat uneasily on a gangster story ) and warner 's far more convincing grit . the mono track is in good shape . the print is in pretty good shape , but there 's no hiding the fact that this is a film from 1937 . the trailer is here , and nothing else . the menu is basic . once celebrated with oscar nominations , this film now seems rather silly compared to the warner gangster films of the same period . but it has a definite historical value , and certainly deserves its release
this continuation of the anne series on screen is very well done , and captures the flavor of the characters and story as well as the first installment did . the only problem is that it drastically condenses the three books it supposedly covers . what it really does is just focus on a few key incidents , and drastically truncates anne 's college and teaching experiences . morgan harris and family have been created to very basically cover the story components of roy gardner , sophy sinclair , old mrs. gibson and pauline , and elizabeth . this installment ends with anne and gilbert becoming engaged . i highly recommend it - just do n't expect the same level of detail as " anne of green gables " provided
what a complilation ! much better than what availiable out there on him . it was good to see some of the old clips from the sixties of marvin . i know that there 's got to be more . i especially liked the clip with tammi terrell . i was great to see her flirting with him while they were performing . that 's the stuff of legends . i hope motown continues this series of dvd 's with their other acts .
brilliant is an often overworked phrase , but in the case of * hamlet * starring mel gibson , the word can not be used enough . for brevity 's sake , i will save zeffirelli 's cudos for another time and place except to say that he has done a good thing . this review is for chris devore and his beautiful working and dramturgy of the more than difficult shakespeare script . devore somehow makes it better . were he in london , late 1500 's , he would have been a collaborator , making will 's work the pearl it is today . my only plea is that , at some date , we will get to see gibson give the advice to the players which was omitted so that other pieces could be spared . this may have been glenn close 's best work . this is not a complaint , but rather a sign that anyting else she may have or has done can not be any better than this wonderful , small role . ophelia ( close ) has an important commentary that must be heard in order for the play to work - will was no fool - and it needs a close to do it . alan bates has been a staple of english theatre and screen and has delivered many fine parts ( such as gabriel oaks in * far from the madding crowd * , 1967 ) . as claudius , the regicide and brother of hamlet , senior , bates makes you believe that his reign could have been noble except for that one small cancer , that flaw in his character - very clintonian and very believable . i have wanted to kick ian holm 's ever since ash hurt ripley in * alien * , 1979 . i have to keep reminding myself that he really is that believable and that i really do n't hate him , it 's the character he has created so well . his body of work is repleat with characters of such believability that you forget his name - ian holm - until he does it again , the next time , in the next movie . if films were strictly hasidic , holm 's version of polonius would be kosher . there is not one piece of ham in his entire performance . it is worth the purchase of the dvd just to see him act . everyone is good in the movie and there is not time to talk about all of them . but a note to those whose noses are airbourne and wo n't tolerate anyone but olivier as hamlet . there are several uneven performances in his excellent movie . there are no uneven performances in this piece . finally , we come to the mad prince of denmark . it is most astonishing that i watched this epic again after mel 's dark night of the troll , thrashing about in complete insanity , arguably brought on by hard likker , frustration , and stupidity . yet with all said , gibson is the essential hamlet . you will find no other actor who delivers the goods the way the cruiser from the boozer does . you know this is true , not just by watching the exquisite performance on the dvd , but by gibson 's own marvelling at what was accomplished , not because of some actor 's raison d'etre , but rather by the actor 's very ability to understand that he is dealing with things that go beyond the ken of normal humans . is hamlet crazy , or crazy like a fox ? and when is he crazy we get to hear mel say in the devastating interview he made for the dvd release many years gone by . so , enough from me . if you want to see the best hamlet ever , buy this dvd and feast . - dick anderso
harvey milk was the elected supervisor of district 6 in san francisco when he was murdered--along with mayor george moscone on november 27 , 1978 , by fellow supervisor , dan white ( who later claimed the infamous " twinkie defense " ) . the film " the times of harvey milk " firmly places the murder of milk , a gay politician , into the politically significant context of the times . the crime , the verdict , and the sentence served were all shocking . this film tells the story behind the headlines . milk was a stockbroker on the east coast , when he decided to pull up roots and head for san francisco . he opened a camera shop on castro street and quickly earned the name of " mayor of castro street " for his enthusiastic community involvement . his interest led to several failed attempts to run for city office , but when the city 's elections ran by district--rather than citywide--milk became the newly elected supervisor for the sixth district . milk 's enthusiasm and talent for politics thrived in city hall . the film includes photographs , newsreel footage , and many interviews with those who crossed milk 's path in a professional or personal capacity . milk was passionate about public transportation , rent control , and the rights of seniors and gays . white , on the other hand , found san francisco 's gay day " obscene . " eerily , there are several photos of milk that also include his killer--clean cut , ex-fireman and family man , supervisor dan white . the film explores the flavour of the times--san francisco was becoming a gay mecca , and there were some people who could n't adjust to that fact . senator john briggs , who called san francisco " the moral garbage dump of the nation " was fighting to get a proposition put on the ballot that would allow gay teachers to be fired . milk fought this ballot tooth and nail , and it failed . the film " the times of harvey milk " includes two discs . one disc contains the film , and the other disc is packed with extra features--including coverage of the film 's premiere in castro street , a dan white update , 1st and 25th anniversary events of the crime , director 's commentary , the academy awards 1985 , and a photo gallery . for those of us who remember the headlines , " the times of harvey milk " is a fascinating documentary that places the crime firmly in the context of its time--displacedhuma
the danny boyle directed " trainspotting " was a somber view with some comedic overtones into a group of scottish heroin addicted losers . while the film garnered accolades , i found it to be profoundly disturbing as the seemier side of addiction was vividly depicted . ewan mcgregor playing mark renton and his crew which included " full monty " star robert carlyle , as violent psycho begbie , swing back and forth between kicking the habit and falling back in love with allure of a scag high . congregating in a filthy , deplorable shooting gallery the gang is shown in graphic manner getting high . as a group they 're abhorent of authority and employment and motivated only by scoring their next fix . mcgregor attempts to kick the habit by locking himself into an apartment with needed supllies . remembering the constipation from a previous attempt he goes out to score suppositories . in a humorous scene , cramps force him to use the filthiest toilet in scotland into which he drops his precious suppositories . he then dives into the disgusting toilet to retrieve them . mcgregor eventually does clean up complete with cold turkey induced horrific hallucinations , escaping to london and working as a realtor . his buddies follow him there and reel him back into the life . mcgregor and carlyle and two other buddies eventually have their dreams come true,........the big drug deal . they manage to complete the deal for 16,000 pounds which mcgregor decides to steal . he intends to use the loot to start a straight and clean life anew . fat chance
calling all " black sheeps of the family " - it is never too late for your family to come around . in this simple yet powerful story , april and her mother learn that sometimes , those we have the most conflict with are those who are most like us . painful as it seems , we must all come to terms with dissapointment and overcome our personal fears of rejection when revealing our true selves .
awesome movie , great for laughs . and you do n't have to be high to enjoy it . this is n't ghandi or shawshank redemption . it 's not supposed to be the best movie ever made . but it does give you the laughs , so just keep laughing and stop taking it too serious
an excellent movie about a smart conman who eventually ends up rendering his skills to the fbi . the movie is not just about this , but a lot of subtle things like the relationships between abagnale and his dad . some of the scences were very well picturized -the silent mutual giggle which abagnale ( leonardo ) and his dad exchange as they walk out from the school principal 's office -when tom hanks enquires with abagnale 's dad if he know where leonardo is , his dad replies that 'if you had son , you will know that it is your son whom you love more than anything else '  overall , it is one of the best movies i have seen . everything in this movie deserves 5 stars
this dvd is explaining things better than the previous version , where there were lot of gaps in understanding some of the areas of quantum theory etc . some of the theories are wonderfully animated and explained . the crytal-photography on water meditated upon by the japanese monk was especially awesome . they have tried their best to explain stuff that cant be easily explained by the western ( modern ) science .... ofcourse.....it ends in letting you ponder....they have left most of it there . there after one has to go into religion and spirituality - particularly one place where to begin looking for would be at the " sanathana dharma " teachings
i can not recall a time when i did not love this hilarious movie , which is my favourite from the 1980 's by far . the superb bette midler and lily tomlin enjoy a magical screen chemistry in " big business " ,that reminds me of some of the great comedy teams from hollywood 's golden age . a total laugh feast from start to finish this film strangely does n't seem to have a high profile as comedies go however it is recommended viewing for anyone wanting a good old fashioned belly laugh and to see a comedy with probably the highest number of side splitting one liners in living memory . the premise of identical twins being mixed up at birth and meeting years later creating amusing complications is a tried and try formula for comedy however in " big business " , it is given a new freshness by the two leads who literally fly away with the material here creating an unforgettable romp that takes us from humble jupitor hollow to the height of new york 's business world . the story begins in a flash back when wealthy new yorkers hunt and binky shelton are passing through rural backwater jupitor hollow when binky goes into labour . at the same time locals garth and iona ratliff also are expecting and both women give birth at the same moment and both produce twins which are not only given the same names of sadie and rose but are also mixed up . we move forward forty years to where sadie shelton is the corporate head of moramax that is wanting to off load its ownership of holomade , the local industry in jupitor hollow . getting wind of their plans the militant jupitor hollow resident rose ratliff decides to go fight these " pinstriped trouser snakes " , on their own territory and sadie eagerly follows along anxious to get out of boring jupitor hollow . through a mix up they end up staying in the plaza hotel unknowingly right next door to their city twins where they discover such wonders as " sinks in the living room " , and " soaps in the shapes of swans " ! complication piles on top of complication as sadie shelton 's ex husband michael ( barry primus ) , ca n't believe the transformation when he mistakes the rural sadie for his hard nosed wife and jay marshall ( michael gross ) , ca n't for the life of him understand why rose ( ratliff ) is being so hostile towards him when he believes he is talking to demure rose ( shelton ) . all comes to a head in the ladies room of all places where in a classic scene both sets of twins finally encounter each other and realise that there was a mix up at birth and that the two sadie 's are really the city sheltons while the two rose 's are really the twins meant to be in jupitor hollow . the fast approaching stock holders meeting really puts the girls to the test when sadie ( shelton ) , is locked up in a closet to prevent her from selling off her birthplace and its up to sadie ( ratliff ) , to put all her watching of her idol alexis carrington in " dynasty " , to good use when in a hilarious moment she has to take over the meeting and turn the vote around from allowing jupitor hollow to be strip mined which she does beautifully . classic comedy if ever there was in my book and it reminds me of the antics of the pair of identical cousins , on the classic 1960 's comedy series " the patty duke show " . i dont think i 've ever seen bette midler in finer form than in " big business " . her comic timing and facial expressions are first rate and her switch from playing the hard as nails sadie shelton who 's all " hostile takeovers " to the naive and totally impressionable country bumpkin sadie ratliff who only wants to be able to say " keep the change ! " is a revelation and will send you into tail spins of laughter . her classic mirror sequence with her " twin " , is a total riot and her statement that " this whole thing has got ufo written all over it ! " ,will have you breaking up with laughter . equally lily tomlin as both country activist rose ratcliff , " i 'm gon na go kick some snooty new york ass ! " , and as rose shelton the awkward out of place city girl " i hate shopping and i hate new york in june ! " ,is also top rate . her rejection of jay 's engagement ring as a supposed " bribe " and when she then refers to the poor puzzled man as a " great big belly scraping pile of cow plop ! " , is one of the absolute comic highlights of the whole movie and is a scene i never tire of replaying a dozen times with each screening i have of this movie . of course with the two sets of twins winding up both staying in adjoining suites at new york 's plaza hotel there are many hilarious moments when outsiders get the pairs mixed up . two of my favourites are the unfortunate desk clerk 's ( joe grifasi ) , continual mixing up of sadie shelton/ratliff which results in his receiving a broken jaw instead of the passionate night of love making he imagined , and especially fabio alberici 's ( michele placido ) , total confusion about just who are the women who he is supposed to be doing business with - one minute they are corporate killers , the next ladies too afraid to pick up a car phone ! the hilarious crossovers of characters walking in one door and coming out as another is beautifully played out in the breakfast room scenes when both women ( one from the country and the other from the city ) , seemingly sit down for two breakfasts each much to the total confusion of each other and also the staff . it is however the unforgettable one liners that are liberally sprinkled throughout the script that create the greatest laughs and congratulations have to go to both bette midler and lily tomlin for making them seem just as fresh and funny on the tenth screening as on the first . classics like : " im gon na dip him in flour and fry him in his own grease ! " , " oh my god it 's so cosmopolitan " , " oh sure its full of crowds , smog , sex fiends , and white slavers , it 's a pistol , i 've got about as much use for it ( new york ) , as a toad has for spit pearls ! " , " computer chips , they 've got their ways ! " , and " have you got your brains and your balls in your briefcase ? " , are guaranteed to crack you up with laughter as each new misunderstanding presents itself in the convoluted script . total escapism perhaps but this comedy never fails to get me laughing and coming back for more . it is a real pity that " big business " , so far has marked the only time that bette midler and lily tomlin have worked together as the pair combine so well and would be wonderful together again in some other comedy vehicle . this film is a true comic treasure and can be enjoyed by all ages . i 've been introducing it to my friends and family for years and the film now has many people as devoted and fanatical about it as i am ! so i 'd say to you that unless you have your brains and your balls in your briefcase get out there and find yourself a copy of this classic film soon if you have n't already . you wont regret it for one minute if only to enjoy these two comic legends , in bette midler and lily tomlin battling it out in a country values vs city profits laugh feast in " big business " . enjoy !
warning ! this is not for children . seeing death , real destruction , and authority figures unable to cope with what happened on 9/11 is not for the young . with that being said , this is the real deal , what you probably did n't see on the nightly news . great camera work and behind the scenes storytelling puts you in the middle of new york city that fateful day . if you never want to forget what happened the day that changed america , you must have this dvd .
this documentary gives a brief introduction to al-jazeera , which , if you did n't know already , is the main arab language newschannel . it is a source which has won a great deal of respect in the arab world for it 's willingness to go where other , stated-owned and controlled arab networks wo n't tread . in this sense it is more than a mere arab cnn in that it stands out more in the general landscape of arab media . the filmmakers here interview al-jazeera personel , as well as some american journalists , and the american official which liases with al-jazeera for centcom , the american central command in the present irak war ( which happens to be 30 miles from al jazeera headquarters ) . it covers the timeline from just before the war , to just after bush anounced main millitary operations to be over . by striving to be neutral , the documentary allows you to see how al-jazeera see themselves and how they conceive their mission in the world . they are very disappointed in the united states , but adhere strongly to its values . also interesting is how being " on the arab side " gives them a very different perspective from western media in spite of the fact that they clearly espouse its values , like when they are angered by pentagon protests at their having showed images of us prisoners , when western media routinely show iraki pows . an unexpected insight the documentary affords you is that it lets you see just how incompetent millitary media management can be . the american liaison does n't speak a word of arabic in spite of being assigned by his goverment to the most important arab news source , and as if that were n't enough , he is barely articulate in english and clearly does n't know anything about the local context and history . another instance of bungled media operations is when centcom tells journalists about the deck of cards with the most wanted iraki officials , but does n't have the foresight to have some to give to journalists , irritating the very people they are trying to win over . all in all it 's a compelling watch which gives you a good look into the producers of news in the west and arab worlds . it gets four stars rather than five because of it 's sometimes amateurish handling of flow , which makes it at times a bit unfocused
i found this dvd to be well produced and engaging to go along with the powerful content . fantastic . loads of deleted scenes that are very worth watching
this movie will make you laugh , cry , and think . it 's definitely a good date movie . bring a box of kleenex though
seems like there was a time in the 70s where mainstream filmmakers took their art and their audiences seriously . this gem about courtroom corruption is one of pacino 's best movies and his final courtroom monologue is as good as any in film
this has to be the best of the alien films ! this film , although not as scary as the original ( i mean that it did not scare me as much as alien ) , it is much more exciting and enjoyable than the first . also , this would have been an ideal conclusion to the series . go on , buy the collector 's edition of the first and this and enjoy
i was a bit skeptical about jogging in my home , but wanted a little boost from the two mile walk i had been doing . if you are at all skeptical , do n't be ! i have used 4 of leslie 's programs and for me , this one takes the cake . it 's fun , it 's fast paced , and it works up an awesome sweat . you can feel the calories burning with this one . it 's well worth the 10 or so dollars .
product was in great condition . i got the product quickly and was very satisfied .
i woke up this morning with a burning desire to remember the end of fellini satyricon . someone is mortally wounded , the blonde guy ? and lies there dying , watching his best friend go off with the boy they both desired , gitone , and some dancing leaping black guy... . i think . i 've seen it probably 9 times , it always was a favorite when i was a teen and older , but i have n't seen it for years . but it was so visually entrancing , and so truly pre-christian -- that is , made from that standpoint , which movies seldom are or can be ! i just remember the wonderul images , a boat rising in the mist , the strange tenement bldg they ( ascylto and encolpio ) live in , the sea monster , the bacchanale , the hermaphrodite 's cavern , the minotaur..... endless , splendid , dreamlike images on and on... . [ i wonder why it is italians are such master of the visual in this manner ; i think of visconti , antonioni , even scorsese and the american-italians -- maybe it 's that renaissance artist legacy ? ]  from my buddy : like you , i saw it a few times , decades ago . the images are so strong and mysterious . images that render volumes of emotions that are so deep , echoing a memory that is never realized . modern day , scorsese manages it . zefferelli too . that is true film-making . even the older films from de sica capture images that are unforgettable . wells has done it . but what you 're talking about , is , i suppose , secular in nature . icons derived from the human experience that has meaning from within the human soul . not from an outward omnipresence of theology . satyricon is almost existential , as a presentation of true human nature . done with frame-paintings . and framed in such a way that is evocative . amazing dream art !
this is too good to be true . after purchasing this based on reviews alone my partner and i sat down to watch it not knowing what was about to take place . for the next three hours , we were absolutely shocked and entertained . this has got to be one of the most original shows ever to be created . its got it all ; comedy , drama and twisted minds . i have to admit i 've taken a few lessons from jill and her methods do work . seriously though it was just plain amazing and i hope series two will be out soon . it is not for the easily offended but for those there is always the brady bunch ; the lamest thing ever to grace television . for the rest of us , well...nighty night . highly recommended
gilbert gottfried is a genius . thank you for making a dvd that puts so many dirty jokes where they long--together ! of course i knew a few , but i learned so many more ! gilbert 's delivery is priceless , and his impressions of comics like bill cosby and jerry seinfeld make some of the jokes even funnier . if you 're a fan of filthy humor , this dvd is a must have ! my personal favorite is about the guy who does n't know if his wife has vd or tb.. .  and at $ 13.99...it 's a steal . do not miss this one
more than " male " and " female " . more than your view or her view or my view or any one person 's view of what makes " male " and what makes " female " and everything in between . sexuality ( gay , straight , bi , asexual , etc ) is different than gender ( male/female ) and can have nothing and yet sometimes everything to do with the other . there are gay men and straight me and bisexual men , too . whatever they identify as has no impact on whether they are also transsexual and seek re-assignment into a body that fits them more . it 's not some sick fetish or crazy delusion . surgery , hormones , these are risky ! and they would not be undertaken unless other options had been explored and found unable to cease the ache inside . gender identity disorder ( gid ) is real . transition ( the process of taking hormones , living as the preferred gender in all things , surgery , etc ) is not a cure but it can make life bearable . and i think it 's funny that still male to female transsexuals are regarded more often as " real " and the female to male transsexuals are ignored . raci has known she was trans it appears most of her life . she started taking hormones while she was still in what should have been her male puberty . so , of course she looks " more feminine " but that does n't make her any more or less of a " real woman " than the other mtf , gabbie . gabbie is a lesbian while raci is straight . see how this works ? gabbie likes women , raci likes men . it has nothing to do with one being " right " and one being " wrong " . there is a world of difference between a man relating to a woman and a woman relating to a woman . just as a man relating to a man vs. a man relating to a woman . and it 's not all sexual . it is entirely plausible that a man would transition into a woman and still be attracted to women . hello , the gender changed , not who they were attracted to ! i 'm just so tired of seeing so many people picking apart transsexuals . we are not here for your amusement . we are not here to be some star in your porn show . we are real . and these kids do an amazing job showing that . but i see that the majority of reviewers are more wound up over the " sick fetishes " and one mtf being more female convincing than the other . i would love to see the same folks who brought us this ( a more emotional struggle ) to also do one documenting the physical changes that happen and how ftms , in particular , struggle with the emotional effects of t .  - wil
i am not sure why the first person would direct people to read j. michael bailey 's work... or why the second person would say that it is as if j. michael bailey wrote this himself...one he could n't have because it is a documentary , and two his view points are way off compared to the one given by the documentary . considering his book is very demeaning of the trans community . and he was forced to resign from northwestern university as the department head , because of his illegal uses of his patient 's information in his book . " they seem like different species , because they are . " i am not sure if i would say that the kids in this documentary are another species... or even that i am another species . they are humans as well and to reduce them to another species is simply rediculous . i am not sure why everyone is referencing him , because his view on transgender people is extremely negative . ... but to the documentary . i think that it gives a great overall view of the trans community , showing that we can stem from all different backrounds , and we can act in all different ways . just as there are many different " normal " gendered people , there are many different trans people as well . i believe that scubaotter " seaotter7 " has the best overview of it .
i have found pick your spot pilates to be absolutely perfect ! i can choose which spot i want to work-out for the day or do them all . i usually walk first then add a 10 minute pilate workout to wrap it up while my muscles are still warm . i would highly recommend this workout video
an excellent comedy , kindergarten cop , brings to the screen the story of a detective that goes undercover to find a key witness and track down a dangerous criminal . what complicates things is that it 's arnold schwarzenegger and he goes undercover as a kindergarten teacher.. . the film combines comedy with action and adventure though it is primarily a comedy and a great one at that ! arnold schwarzenegger , ( ! ) and the rest of the cast , have truly outdone themselves with their performances , which are outstanding to say the least ! all the actors , without exceptions , give it their 100 % and it really shows ( the chemistry is amazing ) ! very well written and very well presented , it allows for a highly entertaining movie that can be watched over and over again ! the setting , the plot , the dialogues , the humor , and the music are all wonderful ! in short , kindergarten cop is a movie definitely worth watching and one to seriously consider adding to your movie collection ( if you have n't done so already ) !
hard-bitten cop john kimble ( arnold schwarzenegger ) gets more than he bargained for when he goes undercover as a kindergarten teacher to pursue murderous drug dealer cullen crisp ( richard tyson ) while at the same time protecting the man 's young son . pitted against a classroom full of rowdy , 6-year-old moppets whose monkeyshines try his patience and test his mettle , kimble may have finally met his match ... in more ways than one
my 3 year old son loved this movie . he sat in front of the tv with his model blue angel and mimicked every move the planes made in the video . it was fun to watch my son and husband watch this video together , they both had big smiles on their faces . the pilots in this video send a wonderful message to young children with dreams . my 3 year old says " when i get big i am going to fly blue angel # 5 " . i highly reccomend this video
since i 've already reviewed and bought both of these as separate items , i 'm not gon na repeat anything about each show ( see individual reviews for that ) . i will just rehash what i have all along . despite its missing pieces from the book , the original is still 5 star material . the " in betweener " is only worth it 's value because it is a disc copy ( as opposed to a tape copy ) . my advice , buy the original separately , and read the book to get the " real missing years " . if you are building a library of " all richard chamberlain " , then buy both or this combo . but be prepared to be disappointed in what the alleged " missing years " has to offer ( again see separate review )
i found this series to be fun , gritty , and lifelike . the characters in the precinct remind me so much of guys i used to work with on the job . certainly some artistic license is taken , but for the most part , this is a slice of life which most people will never experience in their day to day jobs . denis leary has risen to the top of my list as not only a comedian , but a really talented character actor . his supporting cast fits well , and all in all i would recommend this series to anyone who is a fan of rescue me , or denis leary
a great behind-the-scenes look at decisions that shaped history - and nearly killed all of us . cross-reference this with the more recent kennedy biographies for a wider , sobering context . this is the sort of thing that the bush administration should have watched before deciding to invade iraq .
this is probably one of the funniest movies i 've ever seen . those who do n't think it 's funny are those who are easily offended . if you are easily offended or politically correct you probably wo n't enjoy this film . having said that , if you like vampires you wo n't necessarily dislike this film . i completely disagree with the reviewer who said " if you like vampires , you will not like this movie . " that 's crap . i love vampires/vampire movies and i loved this movie . believe it or not , not all vampire fans are two-dimensional , some of us are actually well rounded . the person who compared it to polanski 's " repulsion " needs to get away from the bong . while both deal with mental insanity , the same can be said about a lot of films . " repulsion " was just disturbing and weird , and not overly entertaining . ( polanski 's work is highly overrated and pretentious . we watch films to be entertained , not to have whatever it is polanski tries to pull . )  having said all this , this is definitely not a film for everyone . it was way ahead of it 's time when it was made . had it been made now , there would likely be a huge cult following behind it...but then again , maybe not . as liberal as most like to imagine themselves , we still live in a country of highly uptight people , easily offended , and unable to laugh at the things we fear or find disturbing . if you 've got a sick sense of humor , add this to your video library , because if you are n't going to be able to laugh at it , you are n't going to enjoy it .
loved this movie when it first came out and loved it just as much the this time around . two of my favorite actors depicting a story that love has no boundaries . very funny and moving - yes , i 'm a romantic ! it 's awesome !
one of the many hit tv shows inextricably linked to the 1980 's is the a-team , an action series with plenty of bombs , machine guns , and bazookas - where miraculously no one ever seems to die ! short for " alpha team , " the a-team is a vietnam-era crack commando unit wrongfully accused of robbing the bank of hanoi . having escaped from a maximum security prison , the four man team survives in the anonymity of the los angeles underground . and with the government still hot on their trail , they 're forced to work as soldiers of fortune , providing aid and assistance to the helpless victims of various injustices.. . the a-team is led by cigar aficionado col. john " hannibal " smith ( george peppard ) , a wise-cracking officer who always has a plan in the works . hannibal is flanked by lt. templeton " faceman " peck ( dirk benedict ) , the consummate ladies ' man ; sgt . bosco " b.a . " baracus ( mr. t ) , a gold-drenched muscleman afraid of flying ; and captain h.m " howling mad " murdock , a lanky mental case who nevertheless carries out his missions with flawless precision . together , they travel the country in b.a . 's trademark black van , fighting for justice and attempting to elude the clutches of the nefarious colonel decker ( lance legault ) who wants nothing more in life than to capture the a-team.. . the a-team ( season 1 ) dvd features a number of action-packed episodes including the season premiere " mexican slayride " in which journalist amy allen sets out to prove the existence of the a-team and its various good deeds . but when a fellow reporter is kidnapped by mexican renegades , amy gets a firsthand look at the a-team 's handiwork when she hires them to rescue her friend... other notable episodes from season 1 include " holiday in the hills " in which , following a plane crash , the a-team is forced to do battle with a group of mountain men , and " one more time " in which the u.s. government itself hires the a-team to rescue a general and his daughter from south american guerillas.. .  below is a list of episodes included on the a-team ( season 1 ) dvd :  episode 1 ( mexican slayride : part 1 ) episode 2 ( mexican slayride : part 2 ) episode 3 ( children of jamestown ) episode 4 ( pros and cons ) episode 5 ( a small and deadly war ) episode 6 ( black day at bad rock ) episode 7 ( the rabbit who ate las vegas ) episode 8 ( the out-of-towners ) episode 9 ( holiday in the hills ) episode 10 ( west coast turnaround ) episode 11 ( one more time ) episode 12 ( till death do us part ) episode 13 ( the beast from the belly of a boeing ) episode 14 ( a nice place to visit )  the dvd repor
it is nice to see bebe neuwirth in something other than cheers . oscar ( aaron stanford ) is too sophisticated for girls his age but not for his stepmother ( sigourney weaver ) and bebe neuwirth ( the seductress ) . women are all over him . his stepmom ignores him and chiropractor thinks she finds the romantic she 's always dreamed of . the joking innuendos are quite hilarious reminding me of the graduate . gary winnick ( the director ) shot this movie on a digital camera in two weeks and won raves at the festivals . the little captions before or after a scene kinda tell you how oscar is working or getting worked over . john ritter ( dad , apparently serious but funny ) and the whole cast gives strong performances certainly earning their street creed . you 'll find charming nuggets of truth in this movie , quite a bit of wit , and hilarity . sure , oscar is 15 and , rather than opening his eyes to girls , they open his . his daydreams about his stepmom are electrifyingly filmed . as for the morality , i think people are a little paranoid over this taut , striking film . if you are openminded , you 'll find this film is more about coming of age than what narrow minded people think . it is a light film to the touch and men will probably be reliving high school fantasies about the older woman . women will like it because it shows how men are nothing more than putty in their hands . it is just amazing how much depth this film has in 77 minutes ! rachel alice hunter chairwoman teardropfilms entertainment corporatio
from the sisyphean ( say what ? ) misadventures of a kind of black laurel and hardy duo ( anthony anderson and lahmard j. tate ) who steal an atm machine with no money in it that they ca n't open , to the white dude who thinks he 's black , to cedric the entertainer who thinks that rosa parks got too much credit for parking her butt on the bus , to sexy and saucy eve who always loves the wrong guy , this is one fine piece of entertainment . and ice cube as calvin who owns the shop ai n't so bad himself , although he sure has to frown a lot . well , he 's got troubles right here in the windy city . he 's always got an entrepreneurial scheme up his sleeve that just does n't quite work out which causes him to fall behind in his property taxes . now this might not be such a big deal but the barbershop has been in his family for three generations and it serves as a kind of neighborhood club where people can hang out and shoot the breeze . it 's a beloved kind of place . enter lester wallace the loan shark with muscle who makes calvin an offer he ca n't refuse . well , he does refuse it or at least he tries , but wallace ai n't the kind of dude to take a refusal . can calvin save the barbershop ? that 's the question of the main plot line , but what really makes this movie such a treat are the barbershop mini-stories that are neatly tied together and the fine repartee . and what makes that work is that everything in the film is seen from a point of view inside the black community and not from somebody else looking in ( which never works , but is often tried ) . add a warm and redemptive ending , and there ai n't nobody cryin' . but see this for tim story who directed and got it all right , and for mark brown , don d. scott and marshall todd who wrote the neat and very funny script
the fifth installment of samurai champloo has proven , like the volumes before it , that good things come to those who wait . with masterful artwork , great music and action-packed scenes , samurai champloo has kept the industry alive . below are my ratings for the four episodes on this volume . episode seventeen : lullabies of the lost verse2- the fans that watched volume four have been waiting for this episode : it finishes what volume four left unfinished . this episode reveals the fate of our heroes and if their fate brings them together again . i rate this episode a 10/10 . great episode nomatter how many times i watch it . episode eighteen : war of the words- mugen is illiterate ! as mugen finally comes to terms with this , fuu tries to fend off two crazy boys with the hots for her ! and amidst this commotion , visits a grave of a man he had great respect for . i rate this episode 9/10  episode nineteen : unholy union- jin , mugen and fuu discover a fraud involving selling weaponry and the underground christians . intrigued ? guess you gottta watch it ! good episode . i rate this episode a 7/10 . it was quite funny , but there was less action and less plot compared to other episodes . still , a good thirty minutes . episode twenty : elegy of entrapment verse1- it 's happened again ! this episode is one part of a two part episode on the end of this dvd . that means we are to be cliffhung once again . still , this is a really good episode . i rate this episode a 10/10 . well , thats it for this review . check out my others for this series .
for those seeking a captivating 99 minute escape from reality into a beautifully filmed , flawlessly written , directed & acted world of fantasy this is the must see movie for you . the character 's ryan ( ryan kelly ) , melanie ( hayden panettiere ) , and grandpa ( armin mueller-stahl ) will collectively take you on a memorable journey you 'll want to take over and over . the " special feature " music video ( someone like you ) of hayden is worth the purchase price in itself . pop a bag of popcorn , and invite the whole family over for this one,..they will be thanking you afterward .
i was so glad to see the entire season in one set . i hope one day , if they have n't already done so , that they put out a season 1 set . love the show , and being able to watch whenever i want
bend it like beckham is a very enjoyable coming of age film for teen aged girls . the film sensitively portrays a young indian girl 's difficulties in convincing her parents that playing soccer is a worthwhile activity that can help her develop her identity and well being . the film is enjoyable on several levels : 1 ) there is the cultural clash between britons of various descent , 2 ) there is the hilarious " lesbian " mixup , and 3 ) the pure sports film . all in all a very enjoyable experience and a great film for young people
the sixth season is the only one i had not seen all of the episodes for when it was on and it does not disappoint ( except for the fact that this is the last season ) . florida 's return and the addition of keith brings more to the evans ' family home . i enjoy watching each episode over and over . this is much better tv than what today 's network television has to offer
an absolutely wonderful movie . i love it so much that i watch it once a month or so . ang lee did an amazing job of emma thompson 's screen play . emma thompson won a golden globe award for her efforts . just lovely
if playwright tennessee williams 's southern gothic writing style makes his works feel more ornately melodramatic than those of o'neill or his closest contemporary arthur miller , they do provide resonant showcases for the actors inhabiting his characters . this is clearly evidenced in this six-film , eight-disc collection that epitomizes some of the most powerful acting to come out of hollywood in the 1950 's and early 1960 's , all directed by true filmmaking masters . probably because they are the least censored by the studio system at least in the form presented now , the best of the set are elia kazan 's " a streetcar named desire " and john huston 's " the night of the iguana " . the others are kazan 's " baby doll " , richard brooks ' " cat on a hot tin roof " , jose quintero 's " the roman spring of mrs. stone " and brooks ' " sweet bird of youth " . a feral , smoldering marlon brando justifiably made his reputation as brutish stanley kowalski in 1951 's " a streetcar named desire " , and his animalistic charisma still leaps off the screen . intriguingly , one of the extras included in the two-disc set for the movie is footage from a 1947 screen test of brando when he was 23 , and his stardom seems assured even then . the plot of the movie amounts to the inevitable clash between kowalski and his visiting sister-in-law , blanche dubois , a fading southern belle on the verge of a mental breakdown . having proven her ability to be a convincing southerner in " gone with the wind " , vivien leigh expertly handles all the florid dialogue with her particular blend of defiance and vulnerability . strong supporting work comes from kim hunter as blanche 's naive sister stella and karl malden as blanche 's seemingly respectful suitor mitch . now over ninety , malden is on hand to provide his own eloquent recollections of the production on an alternate track , and film historians rudy behlmer and jeff young provide more objective commentary on another track . film critic richard schickel 's 1995 feature-length look at kazan is the centerpiece of the second disk , and there is also a more interesting five-part documentary on the film and original broadway show , the best portion focusing on censorship and the several minutes that have been reinserted in the dvd version of the film . 1964 's " the night of the iguana " deals with a similarly dysfunctional group of people , but this time the setting is a dilapidated mexican beach resort where reverend shannon , newly defrocked , has taken a group of spinsters from a women 's college . huston made his reputation on his strong literary adaptations , and his affinity shows in the fulsome characterizations , striking visuals and dark humor . richard burton is in peak form as shannon , and there is also sterling work from deborah kerr as the spinsterish hannah and especially ava gardner as the slatternly resort owner , maxine faulk . the dvd contains a recent making-of featurette and a vintage video , both fascinating . " baby doll " is an entertaining hoot that does n't seem as sensationalistic as i 'm sure it was when the film was first released in 1956 . it 's simply a southern-fried farce about the potential deflowering of a nineteen-year old child bride with a nice , pouty turn by carroll baker in the title role and a surprisingly funny one by karl malden as her randy husband , cotton mill owner archie . 1958 's " cat on a hot tin roof " is far more vaunted but ultimately hamstrung by the overly careful portrayal of brick as an asexual protagonist , this in spite of stellar performances from elizabeth taylor , paul newman and burl ives . newman is even better as gigolo chance wayne in 1963 's " sweet bird of youth " , and he is matched all the way by geraldine page 's all-cylinders-on performance as faded movie queen alexandra del lago ( a role that would have ironically been ideal for ava gardner ) . the weakest film of the set is 1961 's " the roman spring of mrs. stone " about an aging american actress living in rome who falls recklessly in love with an indifferent gigolo . a decade after " streetcar " , the glamorous-looking leigh excels in the title role , while a young warren beatty fits the physical requirements as the gigolo paolo even though his faux-italian accent is a little too emphatic . all four of these movies come with making-of featurettes and original trailers , and " cat " also includes commentary from williams ' biographer donald spoto . the focal point of the eighth disc is a 1973 documentary , " tennessee williams ' south " , which highlights insightful interviews with williams in the new orleans area . the film also includes classic scenes from his plays reenacted specifically for the documentary . you can have the privilege of seeing broadway 's original blanche dubois , jessica tandy , and compare her work to leigh 's , as well as an impressive turn by maureen stapleton as amanda wingfield in " the glass menagerie " . this is an incredible film collection for anyone who wants to see some of the greatest performances of mid-20th century american cinema
when i first watched this tv movie , with an unusal turn by lucille ball as a homeless woman , i was touched by the grittiness she brought to the role , and her fearlessness at looking like an unvarnished " bag lady " . although definitely within the " tv movie " league , this film richly deserves to continue to be available for new viewers to enjoy
oh my . i love this movie . it even makes me cry . it 's sexy , cute , and heartwarming . yes , it 's a little bit hokey but what musical is n't ? i am so excited to get this ! i love this movie . i 'm a huge musical fan and i 've been waiting years for this one . they must have finally convinced whomever had the rights to release it on dvd . i do n't know but i 'm really excited ! one hundred million miracles ! i love that philosophy . it makes me happy and it 's a miracle that this is finally available . get your kids/teens to watch it !
this is worth buying just to see :  1 . the look on pete townsend 's face when billy idol ( as cousin kevin ) puts his arm around pete 's shoulder . 2 . steve winwood realizing he does n't actually know the words to the " listening to you , i get the music... " section of the last song . 3 . roger daltrey fumbling with a microphone that he 'd tossed in the air and unsuccessfully attempted to twirl and catch . 4 . some of the most hilarious haircuts and outfits in the history of rock and roll . 5 . the only halfway decent thing phil collins ( as uncle ernie ) ever did in his entire career . this 3 dvd package also includes quadrophenia and the second set from the night that tommy was recorded . this second set is full of hits and it 's definitely worth watching . ( you could purchase tommy and quadrophenia individually , but you 'd miss out on this hits disc . )
i 've heard it said that if you have n't read the book you 'd be lost in this movie . i read the book and it was still a bit confusing ! i like this version of the film with all the extra footage . such a fantastic looking picture this was . i saw this in the theater when it came out . i remember a bit of controversy regarding the billing . sting was touted as starring in this film , when in reality he had a supporting role . shame on the movie execs who tried to capitalize off of his name and the then massive popularity of his band , the police . it was nothing more than a ploy to get his fans into the theater . having said that , sting is actually pretty good in this film . he sneers , he wise cracks , he fights , and he looks pretty in his futuristic speedo . of course , he gets killed in the end . oh well
this is one of the best sci fi films from the 70 's--not to be missed
although i enjoy pilates and yoga , i need a good workout that makes me sweat . boxing and martial arts classes are great for that purpose . but there are times where i prefer to feel the burn at home . to that end , one of the best cardio/strength dvd workouts i 've found is " crunch : boot camp training . "  the workout runs for about 30 minutes , which is great for those days where i want a shorter ( but still effective ) one . it 's short because exercises are combined together in order to minimize time and maximize benefit . for example , three-to-ten pound hand weights are used to work the upper body while doing squats and lunges . abs and obliques are worked on the floor with different types of crunches , and during standing cardio work by side knee lifts . of course , a boot camp workout would be incomplete without pushups - there are three sets , each with a different emphasis to shake things up ( and the lower body is worked in as well ) . a cooldown/stretch session concludes the proceedings . as for the instructor , susan hitzmann is one of the best i 've seen on a dvd workout . she has an infectious enthusiasm that challenges and encourages at the same time . she calls well , using a clear and authoritative voice . i also enjoyed the chemistry between her and the rest of the class . this is one of the few dvd workouts where i can identify with the assistants , because they look like they are actually working out . they moan , groan , and laugh like real people , and plastic smiles are kept to a minimum . finally , the generic accompanying music complements the workout without overwhelming it . there are two caveats for " crunch : boot camp training . " first , it might be hard on someone with sensitive knees because there are a lot of squats and forward lunges . i had an acl recon years ago , so i usually do backward lunges in place of the forward ones ( the workout also features backward lunges ) . also , the routine 's fast pace and combinations may confuse or wear out beginners . but easier variations are demonstrated by a woman on the instructor 's left side , so this is a workout you can grow into . even so , if your body takes time to get limber due to age or previous injury , you may want to warm up on your own beforehand . " crunch : boot camp training " is an excellent boot camp-style home workout . i own a large number of exercise dvds , and this one 's on my go-to stack . highly recommended
well i thought it was going to stop at volume 1 . but , i guess it did n't . but , i am amazed that some of the cast is still living . i ca n't believe that skip hinnant who plays fargo north decoder has got gray hair and still seems to be in good health . not to mention jim boyd who plays j. arthur crank is also still alive but on the heavy side . as for judy graubart , i ca n't believe how old and skin and bones she is . she must 've been the oldest actor on the cast because now you should see her today . hattie winston poor thing , i think she must 've suffered a stroke or something cause i 've noticed in her interviews she twitches every now and then . we hardly ever see morgan freeman in any of these interviews because he 's a big time busy actor . but , i loved the show and am glad they brought this collection together in another set of dvd 's from a show i grew up watching when i was 10 . luis avalos who i loved watching not just on the electric company but in his acting career in movies like stir crazy and then a full role in dom deluise 's hot stuff along with his family . luis still looks the same but has gained some weight too like jim boyd . it is great that the graphics and color of the sets on each show brings back memories and the songs they sang too brought back some memories . it is also hard to believe that the voices you hear on the cartoon skits like letterman are zero mostel , gene wilder , joan rivers , and mel brooks . you would n't have thought that there voice talents would be a credit to their success today . well now we have to get ready for volume 3.....will there be ? ......let 's hope so , cause i will surely buy it !
we recently purchased this dvd for our three year old son who is obsessed with john deere tractors . he watches it over and over again until we ca n't take it anymore . the songs are catchy and you will find yourself humming along even if you do n't mean to . if you have a child who loves john deere , then this is a perfect dvd for them .
what do i think of when someone says " disney ! " ? hmmm...kiddy films , girly stuff , princess ( groan , we do n't need more of that ! ) , dreams come true and...cheesy ? yep , all of the things above are in ice princess , with some fresh twists . with the " mean rival " changed to " nice rival " , and add " with hard work " after " dreams come true " . i mean , look at sleeping beauty and cinderella , what did they do to make their dreams come true , which is a pathetic one , to marry a prince ? one had a 100-year beauty sleep and the other had a fairy-godmother to make her a nice dress with a flick of the wand ! casey carlyle was totally different . i agree with people , that it 's impossible that she can become that good in such a short period of time , which is one of the reasons i give this film a 4 and not a 5 . but it 's an improvement . the cutting of the skating scenes are beautifully done , and while people on imdb say that they 're to showy , it is true , but aww , come on , this is a movie , not a real competition , and everybody likes some nice ice-skating in movies . the acting is great , especially michelle trachtenberg and hayden panettiere . michelle 's acting is really good , and you can see the gradual transformation from geeky to graceful in her movements . hayden panettiere 's acting is also good , but it 's a pity that her character is somewhat bland and " mary-sue " ish . " mary-sue " ish would mean that she 's almost perfect . she 's smart , good at sports and extremely popular also . it is very unfair , because on the page i 'm writing this review on , it says " ice princess ( widescreen edition ) ~ joan cusack . i know she and kim catrall or the ones with fame , and do n't mistake me , the acting is good , but casey and gen completely steals the stage , and in the place of joan cusack , it should be the names of those two . the soundtrack is wonderful , especially reachin ' for heaven and no one . delicious songs ! and reachin ' for heaven is currently competing with forty something other songs for a place in the 78th oscar nominations list . good luck
as usual with a bruce willis movie there has to be things blowing up or catching on fire and there was . interesting high-tech house and mostly believable small-town villains who are the hostage-takers . the underlying story of the rich dad & his swindles detracted from it i think
to have these three classics for this low price is fantastic . one film is the 1938 version of the classic christmas carol this one starring reginald owen as a very respectable scrooge . if you can refrain from comparing him to alastair sim , you will be better able to enjoy another interpretation of scrooge , and it is a fine one . owen is truly miserly and wretched , as befits scrooge , and very believable . the overall production is wonderful , the only drawback was the casting of terry kilburn as tiny tim...way over the top , to the point where he is annoying . but all in all , a great version , and ann rutherford as the ghost of christmas past is fascinating . christmas in connecticut is very satisfying ; a real new england christmas , with barbara stanwyck in one of her lighter roles . this is enjoyable for those who are alone over the holidays and a great film to watch with family for those who will have a traditional holiday , with family and friends . i saved the best for last...boys town . this is absolutely one of my all-time favorites , with mickey rooney in one of his definitve , cocky wise-guy roles . no one could touch a mickey rooney performance in this type of role ; he cornered the brash market...as he proves in this movie . it is a real treat to watch him interact with spencer tracy , the finest actor hollywood has ever produced , imo . he has dignity , he commands respect simply by virtue of his own quiet , firm presence . the other boys were great complements to the production ; all very natural , and bobs watson particularly heart-breaking in his role ; what a great actor he was ! ( if you can find a copy , see him with cedric hardwicke and lionel barrymore in " on borrowed time " , a real tear-jerker . ) i wish i could have been on the set of this one ! they must have had a ball . when i saw it , as a child , i thought it was a movie , therefore fantasy , and not real ; when i found out that father flanagan was indeed real , as was boys town , it gave the movie even more of a dimension and interest . his tenet , " there is no such thing as a bad boy " , is touching in its simplicity and pure , simple faith . father flanagan 's secret for success with even the most recalcitrant youth was this faith and his refusal to accept any boy 's lack of self-esteem or belief in himself ; with ff all things were possible . when spencer tracy was voted best actor at the academy awards that year , he became the first actor to win the award two years in a row...the first was for his part as manuel , in " captains courageous . " being the gracious , wonderful man he was , he accepted his award with extreme humility , and gave it to father flanagan , whom he highlighted in his acceptance speech . this movie has drama , excitement and some very funny moments and shows the amazing versatility of a very young mickey rooney . a truly great buy
i first saw this as a child during an " afternoon movie " event at my gradeschool . little did i understand then how well the film emphasizes the basics of parenting , nor did i appreciate the subtle moral of the film , namely that good guys sometimes do finish first , by the very nature of their untainted goodness . oh , sure , i rooted for charlie and his uncle , the poorest of the poor , simply trying to make ends meet . and who did n't despise veruca salt , the bratty english tart--with a pushover for a father--who acted like the world was her private oyster ? but having recently purchased and viewed this movie on dvd with my wife and little daughter , i was dazzled at how magical the chocolate factory still is , even in our age of cg film wizardry . and without having seen the new version , i ca n't help but think that even the versatile johnny depp is not up to the task of leaping gene wilder 's timeless portrayal of the candy tycoon , willy wonka . more impressive was the fact that this movie clearly dates from a time in hollywood when filmmakers were not above delivering straightforward , old-fashioned morality tales with universal appeal . several deadly sins are on display throughout this film , including gluttony , vanity , greed , and avarice ; and the end results of these unchecked urges are plain to young and old alike . the lessons for children and parents are hilariously and sometimes embarrassingly illustrated , and i have to wonder if this has been preserved in the new film , or scuttled for some altogether more nebulous message more in tune with the 21st century postmodernism that hollywood has embraced ? i 'll have to check it out . meanwhile , see the classic , and be charmed all over again
ok,there is not really much to say here except that if you like to show off your field sequential 3d set you should have this disc as the depth is great and there is almost no ghosting in the entire film . the plot is pure ham and cheese . a whacked out scientist steals the original manuscripts for dracula , frankenstein,the werewolf of paris , and the mummy and begins to suck out the life force of a young librarian in order to bring the essence of the archetypes contained in the books to life . ( i told you it was stupid ) before the entire experiment can transpose the girl escapes midway through and we are left we pint sized versions of the classic monsters who are none too happy about their current height.if you can accept a movie on the level of a police academy or earnest goes to camp then you should not have a problem with this . only major gripe is that there is not enough in your face gags but compared to steaming dung like camp blood this is a masterpiece
this is a warm-hearted , sweet story based on the cinderella fairy tale . only we have sam , a young girl who works at a diner once owned by her father and taken over by her wicked stepmother when he dies in an earthquake . sam carries on a secret email/chat romance with the most popular boy in her high school , but she does n't know the identity of her prince charming . jennifer coolidge was a scream as the botoxed , cosmetically enhanced , tackily dressed wicked stepmother . she was hilarious in " legally blonde " , but really goes all out for this role . quite a scene stealer was madeline zima as one of the two wicked stepsisters . hilary duff is her usual adorable , perky blonde self and is a delight to watch . one of the funniest moments for me was at the diner that was redecorated into a pepto-bismol fifties motif by the stepmother . the poor waitresses were all required to wear pink cashmere sweaters , pearls , a poodle skirt with petticoats and roller skates . if that is n't hard enough , the waitresses had to spin as they served people or picked up orders . i love when funny bits like this are slipped into movies . one can just see jennifer coolidge 's wicked stepmother character instructing these poor waitresses on how to twirl as they served customers . this is a great family film . although i do n't have children yet , i enjoy this film as a break from all the intense films aimed at adults . it is light-hearted fluff , but very enjoyable , like a cup of hot chocolate . included on the dvd is hallie 's and hilary 's music video of " our lips are sealed " and a bunch of other special features as well .
warning : do not watch this movie if you are hungry ! if you do , within the first 10 minutes , you will pause it , and have to run out for chinese food instantly and not the quick take out junk either , but the honest to god traditional chinese cuisine that the father makes . i adore this movie , it is a heartwarming , hilarious story about a widower retired master chef and his three very different daughters . ang lee gives us insight into this family from the perspective of how love and life and humanity can be compared to eating and drinking . the soundtrack is amazing , the scenery is magnificent and the realness of it all transport you in , so that you can almost smell the food cooking . i would have killed to be on that set to just sample all those dishes !
based upon director and writer oliver stone 's own experiences in vietnam , platoon was the first major motion picture about that war directed by a veteran from that conflict . the movie revolves around a young american soldier , pvt . chris taylor ( a young charlie sheen ) and the platoon he lives and fights with during his tour of duty . the battle sequences are very gritty , graphic , and realistic . taylor serves under the direct leadership of sgt . elias grodin ( willem dafoe ) , but both men are under the command of staff sgt . bob barnes ( tom berenger ) . grodin and barnes have two completely different views of leadership and opposing worldviews . grodin represents everything that is good and noble and worth fighting for in the conflict , while barnes represents all the evil and ugliness of the war . at its core then , platoon is a movie about the internal war for one soldier 's soul between good and evil . though stone based the film upon his own experiences , there are scenes that have been embellished and the view stone presents is only one view of the war--see the film we were soldiers for the opposite view as presented by stone in platoon . despite the negative outlook upon life , the military , and the vietnam war , platoon is probably oliver stone 's best movie to date . stone 's direction of the film is brilliant from the two-week boot camp the actors endured before principal filming , to the fine details such as the color of the wrapping paper on the cigarettes , to filming in sequence , to recognizing the talent of johnny depp , stone illustrated in platoon was that he was a great director and one to be reckoned with . the film contains fine performances : tom berenger , willem dafoe , charlie sheen , forest whitaker , francesco quinn , john c. mcginley , and johnny depp all give powerful portrayals that ground the movie in humanity , despite the deep metaphysical connotations . platoon won the 1986 oscar for best picture , stone won the best director oscar , and also received a nomination for best original screenplay . i was surprised and found that i enjoyed platoon , though there were several parts of the film that i found myself aghast . i 've never been in battle myself , but i do know that war is hell . nevertheless , i can not bring myself to agree with the film 's negative worldview and ultimately the loss of one 's soul to evil . despite this , there are many positive things within the movie . this is a movie that any film buff should see and people who enjoy war movies might enjoy it as well ( though they might prefer something more hopeful such as saving privater ryan or we were soldiers )
this is a very enjoyable and funny movie with a heartwarming ending . all michael j . fox fans be sure to get this ! there are many good supporting characters such as : bridget fonda , woody harrelson , barnard hughes and julie warner
ok , this movied is a favorite . having said that , i am less than blown away by this new transfer . still looks a bit dull to me . it 's a fun set though . getting the box was a no-brainer . am i the only one who 's missing the poster offer ? a sticker on the outside claims that the offer is to be found within . well i do n't see it. .
clueless has been released on dvd before , with nothing more than two theatrical trailers as bonus features . in 2005 , for its 10th anniversary , paramount finally released a great , if not cheesily named , dvd edition of this 90 's teen comedy classic , with such quotable lines as " you 're a virgin who ca n't drive " and " as if ! "  the transfer on this dvd is awesome . it 's very clean , sharp , and clear . i do n't remember any issues on the past dvd , but if there were any , it seems like they were cleared up for this release . the bonus features are likeable fluff , but at least they 're existent . featuring new interviews with several cast and crew members , such featurettes as " the class of '95 , " which discusses the cast , and " language arts , " which discusses the many phrases that this movie brought to our pop culture lexicon , allow us to delve , if only just slightly , into the making and the impact of this movie . also , the trailers from the previous dvd release are included . children of the 90 's definitely need to own this dvd . clueless is still a major part of america 's pop culture today , and really , who does n't love watching a 90 's teen comedy remake of a literary classic like jane austen 's emma
this one is a classic not only to the general public but among submarine sailors as well . it is considered the greatest of all submarine movies and with good reason . almost the entire plot is onboard and underway . the tensions that rise from long periods at sea and personality clashes among a large group of strong-willed and independently-minded men is real . it is a must have for the second world war movie buff and submarine movie collectors . the acting is superb and perfectly cast in each role . the dramatic interaction of the characters will keep this one a classic for ages to come
what can i say ? this is a darn good action/adventure flick . there 's suspense , guns/ammo , mummies , creepy crawly insects , tombs , and all that there is that make an action movie excellent . this is one example of good escapism . kudos to fraser , weisz , and sommers for exquisitely remaking the original " mummy . "  a
i love when a blonde , assumed air-head , realizes her dreams . she even goes far beyond what she thought she wanted . she is lovely , funny , smart , honest , and hard-working . who would n't love her ? so glad this movie was made
any collection that has the lost patrol has got to be worth the 40 bucks . that movie and boris karloff alone is something to behold . but this collection also contains sgt rutlidge which a movie way before its time . mary queen of scots , i was n't even aware was a john ford movie . the informer another great and cheyene autumn . i think this set has a little bit of something for everyone . i just wish that we knew if this was the 66 minute watered down version of lost patrol or the original uncut version .
if you enjoy movies with random terrorist executions , religious cults , andy kaufman as a mass murdering cop , alien abductions , bizarre sexual anatomies , etc ( do n't we all ? ) , you will love this one . alone in its genre
in all her 48 movies , brigitte bardot never catches public imagination with more effect than she does here . paradise on earth is just around the corner , she tells us , making the sparks fly off your screen . this edition is the new one , by the way , cleaned up in 2000 . you will appreciate its fine use of colors . that really is all there is to say about this movie . but it 's enough . more than enough . it is exactly the reason why 'et dieu crea la femme ' ( = and god created woman ) is immortal
this is a great movie ! i would encourage everyone to see this one... even if you have never even known someone with this condition , you should buy this movie . there are not enough movies like this one out there . we need to support this type of film making . i do n't want to give the plot of the movie away , so i wo n't go into great detail . watching this movie gives me hope . hope for so many people out there with this illness . hope that they or someone close to them will watch this and will give this diet a try . do n't give up hope . thank you to whomever made this film possible .
this dvd was a really good buy , even if you are just somewhat into incubus , but if you are a big fan , it 's a must have . the home videos and tour of the tour bus and all the music videos and concert footage was great , with great sound quality . also , there is a really funny take me to your leader music video . it 's a really cool dvd . the only thing i did n't like , was the " massive song archive " the background music was kind of annoying , and you cant just sit and watch through the whole thing , you have to click on different things . but good buy anyways . incubus rox
where do i start ? ? i am a 39 year old career-obsessed straight female ( lawyer ) . i fell in love with these guys . brian ( gale harold ) you are the james dean of this generation , the man we love , adore , the badboy with a golden heart , who we all fall hopelessley in love with . brian , justin , em,micheal and ted . i became absolutely besotted with them and their funny , sad unbelievable stories and watched fixated episode after episode . i laughed , i cried , i cheered and i lived the rollercoaster with them . buy series 1 , you will be hooked just like i was , i have now viewed all 5 and keep going over and over them . it dosent matter who you are , or where you come from , or what you represent . this series is wonderful , and funny and full of love and hope . its appeal is absolutely universal for all us dreamers and lovers and geeks . watch it , and weep.. . i promise you wo n't be disappointed .
this dvd is exactly what i 've been waiting for and its finally available . if you love kith like i do , its totally worth it to buy this dvd . it was like swimming in kids in the hall heaven ! it gives you a complete list of the easily accessable episodes and what skits are in each one . the bonus stuff is awesome,though i have n't watched all of it yet . i also loved how the dvd lets you control your kids-fix . if you only have time for a quick skit , you can go right to which skit you want . if you want to watch one whole episode , you can go to what episode you want to watch with ease . or if you want to just lose yourself in a big kids marathon you can select
yes the movie is great but please tell me about the dvd ! how 's the quality,are there deleted scene 's ,any bonus material ? i think there are about 115 reviews about the movie but i would like more info about the dvd itself ! i am from georgia where the movie was filmed ....so i 'm hoping for some deleted scene 's ! anyone who has the dvd,please give info ! thanks
perfect for kids age 3 and up - highly recommended . not a scary way to teach kids about safety , just helps kids stay smart on the safe side
i love all the rockford file 's . and this collection is very good , i cant wait till the third season comes ou
unfortunely this movie was a sleeper in the theatres when it first came out . but check out the cast ! jo ann fleet ( thoughtly modern millie ) and robert deniro in a comedy.an a comedy it is . it 's just pure fun and a great uplifing movie if you have the blues . it 's so funny and you wo n't be disappointed,,,i promise .
in this set of episodes , the battle city is down to the wire . my favorite character , marik ( not yami marik ) is the center of the events . most of his character is known in this set . it seemed almost if yugi was only a side-note for a while . even though i dislike dub , this was still good enough for me . the scene when marik talks to his brother for the last time ( or so he thinks at that moment ) is one of the most beautifully drawn of any anime i 've seen . if only the voice actor sounded like marik 's age for once and kept the poignant music . and did n't use the gold stuff when someone 's mind is snatched . ( and also a shame is that the ishtars wo n't appear for many episodes after this with such a simple exit.. .
this dvd contains the basic techniques of krav maga system . the techniques include attacks with hands ( mostly punches with closed fist , but also hammer punches ) , elbows , knees and feet . there are some counterattacks and defences also included . at the beginning of the film they talk about angles of attack , target areas and stance & movement . as a dvd extra , they present focus mitt combinations to utilize in your training ( they mention that they will produce an entire film on the subject in the future ) . it is worth mentioning that they do n't teach , or even mention the correct falling technique at all . also , i think they should have taught also palm strikes , but for some reason they were left out . as palm strike is almost as effective as punch with a closed fist , but much more safe for your own hand , it should be included in everyones ' arsenal . when instructing kicking techniques , they mention casually that you can kick also to the head . i think that they should have warned against that , because in real life , kicking above your own waist is considered risky , and generally not advisable . the presentation of techniques varies from fair to excellent , the average being of good quality . in some techniques i learned some nuances i had not grasped in my krav maga classes . each technique opens up with a dramatized scene in which the technique is used . after that they present the technique at full speed , and after that in slow motion , and finally in learning stages . for some reason , they have chosen not to use slow motion of a full speed presentation of technique . rather , the person presenting the technique is moving in slow motion , according to the instructions of off-screen narrator . this makes somewhat amateurish impression of the production . speaking of production , it is fairly ok . the film is shot with only one camera , but for the most part , it is shooting at the right spot . the techniques are presented in a studio against a black screen , but the dramatized scenes are shot in loading docks , restaurants , parking lots and so on . they use two narrators who take turns with narrating the techniques . the other narrator is international krav maga federation head instructor eyal yanilov , and the other is u.s. chief instructor darren levine . yanilov does not speak very good english , so from time to time it is hard to grasp what he is saying . otherwise the production is good , and it 's easy to understand the techniques . as a krav maga practitioner myself , i like the system . in this film , they have succeeded in presenting the basic techniques very well . there are some shortcomings , though , that reduce one star from the rating of this film . run time : 1 : 2
the picture quality is not very good . it 's like watching the videos on an old vhs tape taped off of television . i 've never seen a dvd in my dvd player look so not digital . the selection is okay , the dvd opens playing a small clip of the tears for fears song " head over heels " even though that video is n't on the set--but fear not , two tears for fears videos are here . i bought this because i love the level 42 video for " something about you , " and i figured this was my one shot to get it on dvd . buy this if you just must have it , the price is a bit much for such a short little collection , this should really be in the $ 12.99 or less range
capsule reviewer sam graham ( above ) is one king-sized jerk ! tears for fears and swing out sister are two of the best acts that came out of the '80s and they are still going strong today ! the videos on this collection are some of the most obvious , but enjoyable nevertheless . it would be nice if amazon would hire somebody to write for them who at least had a little common sense when it comes to music , instead of some supposedly " hip " idiot
this was n't all that funny nor did i see romance i saw instead four drama queens plus one more wearing pants  unlike carrie and her pals this ai n't $ ex and the city three are married , one is not and all deserving pity  three have money , one does not olivia 's a maid she walked out on her teaching job and now is underpaid  franny got hers in a will jane from designing clothes christine is a writer while olivia 's debt grows  despite the money that they have none of them are content insecure and neurotic and certainly high rent  but if you really look at them they reflect our inner fears getting fat , and getting old and thinking no one cares  to enjoy this chick flick movie you have to dig down deep explore your inner feelings and then drift off to sleep   rated : 3.5 stars     amanda richards , october 29 , 2006
'mr . smith goes to washington ' is a classic frank capra film from '39 . starring a stellar cast of some of hollywood 's best from the " golden age " of cinema it 's not only one of the greatest films of that era , but a fascinating time capsule view into a time when patriotism and love of america was something to be proud of , not mocked . yes it 's overly sentimental and at times almost laughable in its blatant pandering to our emotions , however it has survived the test of time and now some 67 years since its release it can still melt the heart of even the most jaded among us . can the young and naive jefferson smith ( jimmy stewart ) survive in the united states capital as a newly appointed senator ? will he check his ideals and values at the door and play the political game or will he stand up for what 's right against the " powers that be ? " if you 're any kind of movie buff you already know the answer . one of capra 's and stewart 's best and definitely one of the essentials to any dvd collection !
i find this to be a perfect depiction of small town life being i lived for 11 years in a town quite like this one . really enjoyed the movie and the acting . i enjoyed most terry moore 's potrayal of betty
so this is the best i have seen from a terrible tradgedy . i watched with friends with tears streaming down my face . so factual and so sad
eastwood and lee van cleef . what a solid combination ! better than fistful of dollars and i liked it better than the too long good , bad and ugly . van cleef as bad guy ? sorry , i ca n't go for that
every fiber of my being is incorporated into this review for jack &quot ; ti jean&quot ; kerouac ! to actually see most of kerouac 's fellow writer 's and poet 's giving his or her true and poignant interpretation of the unmitigated &quot ; genius&quot ; that was this brother lowellian is in itself a magnificent production ! i bought this dvd today at a mall in new hampshire and could have bought it for less on amazon.com ! just a few minutes ago i did order the dvd &quot ; jack kerouac-king of the beats&quot ; on amazon.com and ca n't wait for its arrival ! if it 's anything like &quot ; what happened to kerouac ? &quot ; then it will surely be another masterful production ! after i write this review i am going to watch this dvd again and experience the same chills as i did when initially watching it for the first time ! anyone that is a true fan of kerouac and his works will be smitten with this production because you are reliving pure literary genius ! to hear the poetry and prose from the lips and soul of kerouac himself is truly awe-inspiring ! this production is a brutal and factual statement of a man that was rarely understood but truly adored by those that have read the majestic prose and verse that was and still is : jack kerouac
i almost gave up on this one forty minutes in . do n't you do that . the ending is superb . premise : working class girl gets dumped by her boyfriend and seeks work by housekeeping . well , that can lead to something better if you keep house for the right person . jacques ( jean-pierre bacri ) who recently got walked out on by his wife , and who , not so incidentally looks sixty--well , fifty-five-- ( actually he was barely fifty when this was made , but you get the point ) gets his ad for a housekeeper answered by laura ( emilie dequenne ) who is twentysomething--a young twentysomething . i guess there is not much else to say , and to be honest i decided i would force myself to watch the inevitable . but the director is claude berri who directed two of the best movies i ever saw : manon of the spring ( 1986 ) and jean de florette ( 1986 ) . and so i stayed with it . at about the fifty minute mark the movie started to get interesting . i could feel that old guy/young girl love affair was going to take an unexpected fork in the road . ( as yogi said , if you come to a fork in the road , take it . the players have no choice . ) obviously , old guy/young girl can end only one way : young girl leaves old guy for young guy . this is biology . it will be painful . claude berri knows all this , and probably a lot better than i do . and so guess what ? well , i wo n't tell . but you will find that the last thirty-some minutes of this sexy romantic comedy delightful , and especially the very , very clever and most satisfying ending . just prior to that laura asks jacques for his blessing . he wo n't give it , but she is right : he should . and then when we get the final " life is so...lifelike " grimace on jacques 's face , we can only smile . emilie dequenne is delightful as the strangely wise and very natural laura , and jean-pierre bacri is winning as the old guy who knows better , but on reflection should thank his lucky stars
there are so many reasons to love all things canadian : national health insurance for all citizens , the novelist margaret atwood and certainly leonard cohen . a group of singers got together to honor cohen by singing his songs : nick cave , u2 and bono , kate and anna mcgarrigle , rufus wainwright , martha wainwright , anthony et al . added to their performances are footage from many periods of mr. cohen 's life , interviews with him and a song or two sung by him as well . we thus have this documentary that will delight mr. cohen 's fans . at 72 , mr. cohen may have lost a lot of his voice-- he opines that he never could carry a tune-- but he has lost none of his brilliant self-deprecating humor . the singers are fantastic ; but why would n't they be with such words and lyrics ? nick cave sings probably cohen 's most well-known song " suzanne , " introduced to the u. s. public so many years ago by judy collins . one wonders if the group drew straws to see who would get to sing that one . anthony is great , of course ; but the wainwrights , both martha ( her rendition of " the traitor " will put chills on your spine ) and rufus who sings " everybody knows , " " chelsea hotel number 2 " and " hallelujah " are not to be missed . rufus ' account of meeting leonard cohen for the first time when he was feeding a young broken bird should n't surprise anyone who has listened to his lyrics over the years . this film is one that those of us who love and revere this man will purchase the day it is released on dvd .
i am sure that if you are looking at this then you are a fan of the trinity movies . the nobody character is based on trinity but with much more refined . terence hill 's nobody has a certain directness and is a much fuller character . henry fonda 's career in spaghetti westerns often gets overlooked and that is a real shame . if you compare this to his portrayal of wyatt earp then you can see that the love of the western never left him . this is much more the fonda that one loves rather than the villian in " once upon a time in the west " ( itself a great film ) . i love showing this to people that have never seen it . they usally like it and then i move on the the trinity films
the reason i believe the ring is a classic horror movie is because it disturbs me on a very personal , unexplainable level . you see , the main storyline of the ring is the fact that this video tape has been created , and anyone who watches this video tape will die in some unusual , twisted manner . it 's up to a reporter woman named rachel to figure everything out . she 's the main character of the film , along with her son . as i mention above , something very unusual about the film effects me in a way i ca n't explain . first of all , the entire film is very effectively well-done the way everything is dark and damp and , for lack of better words , scary ! the one thing i remembered after watching the ring are some of the things that were on that video tape . the mirror on the wall , and the location of the ladder are two things i could have sworn i 've seen somewhere before , like a childhood memory i ca n't figure out . like i 've been somewhere and seen those things before . like the video tape used in the storyline actually existed before the film was released in 2003 , and i believe i 've actually seen the footage on that video tape many years ago * somewhere * because the sequence with the mirror and the ladder looked * incredibly * familiar . i ca n't explain what it is but this is the main reason i find the movie so delightful .
i find this film to be very different to most american films . it is very funny in its own way and make you think about the true meaning of money and its relationship to happyness . it is on my ten best films .
i grew up watching this movie... its a movie i seem to never get bored with . paul newman is an awesome actor , and if you are a fan of his , this is a must have in your movie collection ! ! ! !
okay,the only real extras on the dvd is a theatrical trailer for the film and some biographical information on the movie and it 's stars,but warner bros. gets a five star rating for great picture and sound and the option of both standard full frame and widescreen versions on one disc ! ! ! this movie is an absolute classic ! ! ! and it 's great to have it on dvd ! ! ! one of the great " men in chains " films ! ! ! the great cast includes paul newman,george kennedy ( in his oscar winning role ! ) ,wayne rogers,strother martin,joe don baker,ralph waite,and many other classic character actors ! ! ! two thumbs up ! ! ! five stars ! ! ! a
being copied from tv the quality came out great . good choise of show
given that pornography is a multi-jillion-dollar-a-year business , it 's sort of surprising that it has n't received the cinematic treatment more often , but boogie nights provides it with the sort of skewed , darkly comic treatment that it almost certainly deserves , and becomes a certifiable classic in the process . following the story of eddie adams , a simple-minded , almost impossibly well-endowed teenager from suburban california who achieves porn stardom as dirk diggler before turning 20 , boogie nights is both a time-tested star-is-born-and-almost-blows-it-all story and a loving tribute to a time and place that will probably never be replicated and the individuals who made it what it was . paul thomas anderson 's directing is as excessive and stylish as you 'd expect from a movie centered on the porno industry , with anderson pulling out every trick in the book--long tracking shots , underwater closeups , montages , movie-within-a-movie views , and some moments that approach stream-of-consciousness ( dirk 's vision of his professional name literally exploding off a neon sign being a prominent example ) . naturally , anderson also loads the movie up with period details , right down to the farah fawcett poster in teenage dirk 's room , the platform shoes , and the obligatory disco sequences . its visual flair aside , though , boogie nights is also the sort of insanely quotable , watch-it-until-you 've-memorized-it movie that seemed to come out in droves in the nineties ( trainspotting , fargo , goodfellas , swingers , true romance , etc . etc . etc . ) but has been in disturbingly short supply this decade . this movie simply seems to have everything you can think of going for it , especially its murderer 's row of a cast--burt reynolds ( jack horner ) , don cheadle ( buck swope ) , john c. reilly ( reed rothchild ) , julianne moore ( amber waves ) , william h. macy ( little bill ) , luis guzman ( maurice rodriguez ) , tom jane ( todd parker ) , philip baker hall ( floyd gondolli ) , philip seymour hoffman ( scotty jay ) , and alfred molina ( rahad jackson ) all figure prominently--and even wahlberg ( dirk himself ) and heather graham ( rollergirl ) have roles that are perfectly suited to their relative limitations as actors . that said , what really gives the movie its resonance is the obvious sympathy with which it treats its characters , who are generally easy to laugh at but equally easy to like . the main characters almost entirely have hopes , aspirations , and attachments beyond the rather closed world of their profession--jack 's desire to be a serious filmmaker ; dirk 's ridiculous pseudo-karate and reed 's equally ridiculous poetry ; buck 's goal of opening his own stereo store ; amber 's attempts to get back in touch with her son , which she blatantly compensates for by mothering her co-stars--helping us see them as fleshed-out characters , not just plot devices in the story . since there is n't really a plot to speak of , the movie is told as a series of episodes , goodfellas-style , with several extended pieces--the pool party at jack 's house where eddie/dirk gets introduced to the whole crew ; the new year 's eve party celebrating the start of the '80 's ; the fake drug deal gone bad at a rahad 's house--serving to turn the narrative in new directions . this last set piece--when dirk , reed , and todd head over to rahad 's house to sell him some baking soda disguised as cocaine and it quickly degenerates into a laughably misguided robbery attempt--deserves special mention , as it 's easily one of the most fascinating single scenes in recent film memory . it starts off almost surreal , with a skinny chinese guy walking around randomly lighting firecrackers and rahad ( clad only in underwear , a bathrobe and slippers ) discoursing semi-coherently as he sings along to not-so-classic 80 's songs on a mixtape . from there it just gets progressively darker and tenser , with the lighting , acting , and direction all perfectly serving to ratchet up the feeling of desperation and horror as todd kicks his ill-conceived robbery plot into motion and things spin way out of control . molina 's over-the-top performance , more than anything else , makes the scene , as he turns rahad into a manic ball of drug-fuelled energy and , later , a shotgun-toting avenging angel determined to take his revenge . i would n't say molina turns in the best performance i 've ever seen in a movie , but it it probably the best performance i 've seen from someone who only got one scene in the whole movie . the '80 's are , of course , the hangover from the joys of the previous decade , as the emergence of video downgrades the quality of the product , cocaine suddenly becomes addictive , and dirk starts to become too big for his britches in more ways than one . fittingly , as the disco era gives way to tougher times in the eighties , the movie takes a darker turn , becoming grittier , more downcast and a lot more violent , but no less compelling . all the unbridled energy and creativity of the first half is still present , just in a decidedly less sunny form . even when people are getting beaten up and shot left and right , the movie 's pedal-to-the-metal pacing makes it all but impossible to look away . well , except maybe for the notorious money shot at the end , but by then i for one did n't care .
it is said that suffering develops character . surely , when photographer zana briski went on a photography pilgrimage to the red light district in sonagchi , calcutta , in india , she discovered more character , and in smaller shape and size , then she might have imagined . peering through a lens into the darkest shadows of life - into the world of prostitution - to capture the images the world wishes not to see , not , at least , from this angle of truth , she saw between the life-battered women... their children . when we think of brothels , however we might think of them , how many think of children ? whether we think of these places and their inhabitants as figures of perversity , embodiments of lust , or the tragic painted clowns of the joke that is humanity , it is probably more true than not that these women are rarely seen as , well , women . they are perhaps at best merely meat , merely body parts , to be used and abused and then tossed aside . what zana briski 's photo lens reveals is that these are indeed women , human beings , and , for better or for worse , also mothers , daughters , wives , sisters . we see in this montage of photos and film combined , women who are deformed by the ugliness inside . they are broken , they are stunningly and fiercely angry at the world that has so betrayed them , yet they also have their moments of hope and tenderness . all of this , and more , falls upon the heads of their children . weaving between these women are their little ones , boys and girls who grow up around the perversities of lust and abuse . what might such children be like ? this is the sharp focus of briski 's lens . perhaps we need to look at ugliness to see beauty in contrast . the faces and spirits of these children contain both . they have in them the despair of those forgotten and betrayed by the world . society all around them refuses them a place outside the red light district . they are already banned from normalcy . they have been witness to humans at their worst , and no one outside wishes to bear the weight of such witness . yet they will not be silenced , and if we do not wish to hear them speak , then briski has given them cameras to let them capture their worlds , inside and out , and bring these images to us . what these children capture on film is nothing less than breathtaking . they miss nothing . their intense talent and power of seeing discovered , this film also shows us how briski works to bring this artistic discovery to the world , meanwhile also fighting to give these children a chance , slim as it is , to a life of normalcy . key to this is education , yet as she soon learns , no school in calcutta wishes to enroll children born into brothels . at last and with determined persistence , she does find one , and a portal into life beyond opens for some of the children . their photos , too , are put on exhibit , available also now in book format . some are saved , some are pulled back into the dark . the individual stories of these tiny photographers are stories that must be witnessed , heard and seen , so that they know : everyone matters . even in the darkest shadows , we refuse to be blind to them any longer
this is a wonderful story showing the universe can have aliens that are not horrors monsters or disasters for humans and humanity . kids or adults can see a picture of aliens , not the usual us in a strange colored costume but folks we can not see or even recognize as folks . strangers with a problem seek help and after receiving help , return the favor . aliens that flash thru the night abducting people , and destroying property are enemies . aliens that come in the night , make contact with local people , seeking understanding and trade , are far more likely representatives of extra solar beings
you will be laughing one minute , crying the next , then holding your breath to see what will happen next . it 's a great all around movie , good for the whole family
this collection of the first four road pictures is well worth having . the picture quality is excellent and all four films are loaded on one double-sided disc . but where are the remaining three road pictures ? this would have made the ultimate road collection . disappointing
i love sub movies . this one is one of my favorites . good story and good action
most of this season is about topanga and cory breaking up and getting together . i think the second season is the best though .
just behind wings of desire is federico 's masterpiece . a true icon . 8 1/2 not only resounds with my italian catholic upbringing as it displays in obvious detail the time-wasting progression of guilt and shame ; it commands me to again possess the mantra quoted from wall street : " to be rich enough not to waste time " .
any movie that begins with a civil war ironclad going down a river with guns blazing is going to appeal to me ( although my wife thought i have started playing the wrong movie ) . then again , it was really upsetting at the film 's climax to see the c.s.s . texas getting shot up . yes , i know it is just a film , but the thought of finding such a civil war artifact intact only to have it immediately start getting shot up momentarily took me back to the real world , which is a mistake because realism is not the name of the game here . " sahara " begins at the end of the civil war , as the confederate ironclad texas escapes from a burning richmond carrying the gold supply of the confederacy . it disappears into history , where the lost ship becomes the latest obsession of dirk pitt ( matthew mcconaughey ) , who believes the texas crossed the atlantic and ended up somewhere in africa ( do not ask " how , " because an explanation is not forthcoming and you know from the title of the film that dirk is right on this score ) . dirk is partnered with al giordino ( steve zahn ) , and if you pay attention to the title sequence you get a visual tour of their career resumes . technically the boys work for admiral ( ret . ) jim sandecker ( william h. macy ) , who has a hard time reining them in once dirk finds another clue about the texas . meanwhile , dr. eva rojas ( penelope cruz ) of the world health organization has arrived in africa with a team to find the source of a dangerous plague that has been spreading across the region . however , there is another problem in that rojas is getting too close to the truth , which puts here in danger from the local dictator , general kazim ( lennie james ) , and his partner , smarmy french rich guy , yves massarde ( lambert wilson ) . dirk becomes involved in this because he is making a habit of rescuing eva , and because he is looking for the legendary ironclad in the same part of the continent . al is along for the ride , as if rudi gunn ( rainn wilson ) for part of the way . these narrative threads are used to connect the action sequences that are the main set pieces of this 2005 film from director breck eisner ( " thoughtcrimes " ) . the best of these is the speedboat one , involving the " panama , " which comes relatively early in the film . i want to ask , " whatever happened to saving the best for last ? " in a film like this , but it is not like they did that in " raiders of the lost arc , " so why should that happen here ? granted , " sahara " is not as much fun as that classic film romp , but it was certainly more enjoyable than " national treasure , " probably because it is not as burdened by american history and national landmarks as that one ( and mcconaughey and zahn both look buff enough to pull this stuff off in the world of movie reality ) . besides , i like a film where the chemistry between the two guys is better than the chemistry between the hero and the heroine , mainly because if this film is the start of a dirk pitt franchise , you know al will be back but you have to expect a different female lead in each subsequent film . i especially liked sandecker 's third demand at the end of the film and to tell the truth , knowing nothing about the original novels , i would much rather see the team in action than dirk teaming up with somebody new in each film . for me the end result is that " sahara " is an enjoyable action romp of the brainless variety . but if you want more , then look elsewhere
i did not see this series when it originally aired in the late 80 's . i had seen winds of war , however , and -- at that time , i loved it . now , when i purchased the dvd 's , both series seem somewhat dated and the acting stilted at times to the point of being a distraction . i particularly have trouble with accepting robert mitchum as a virile , intelligent , sombre , alert and perceptive , about 50-something pug henry . i wish some filmmaker ( curtis would be great ! ) would do a remake of this entire project -- making it into a 4 hour feature movie -- tightening up the script entirely ( apologies to mr. wouk who wrote the teleplay ) -- mostly keep in the historical scenes--but more realistic battle scenes especially those at sea-- and do away with some of the long , soap opera dialogue scenes . keep the holocaust part intact --these were the most powerful holocaust scenes i 've ever seen and i 've seen most of them ; but have someone like kevin costner be pug henry ( or harrison ford ) . and find a truly young , very vibrant natalie ( an actress who has a commanding yet somehow innocent presence ) , and a gorgeous , rather naive rebel leading man to play byron ( briney ) . we need to feel their chemistry -- otherwise , what transpires ( briney 's desperate attempts to find natalie and his son ) seem over-wrought and contrives.i loved polly bergen as rhoda -- it might be hard to find anyone better , i think . and you 'd need a new hitler -- one who is more like the actor who played him in winds of war
as with vol 1 , i bought this for my wife , and she is thrilled with it
of course the movie deserves 4 stars , however i wish i could say the same for the dvd . what does it take for dvd company to release each dvd enhanced for 16x9 tvs ? nothing ! recently i bought a sony bravia 32 inch display and i have a collection of over 600 dvds . i learned now about " enhanced for 16x9 tvs " and how important it is , i did not care about it or even know about it since i own a standard tv , however all my dvds are region 1 and in widescreen , i never buy fullscreen dvds . so i did an inventory on my collection and realized the following :  out of 600 + dvds , 42 are not enhanced for 16x9 tvs and they really look horrible when i played them on my pc . anyway , according to my inventory . the following movies / company have failed to produce anamorphic or 16x9 widescreen and i hope that these company will release them in the near future so that we can enjoy them on our tvs . mgm :  runaway train graduate no way out prizzi 's honor fx shallow grave thief house of games dead man walking misery the eye of the needle overboard  paramount :  private parts 48 hrs coming to america primal fear the ghost and the darkness breakdown  universal :  day of the jackal psycho ( available in the recent hitchcock 's boxset as anamorphic ) vertigo ( available in the recent hitchcock 's boxset as anamorphic ) the game  fox :  abyss ( i was shocked to learn that my 2-disc is not anamorphic , nor is the latest digipack edition ) raising arizona the edge great expectations rising sun the ref romancing the stone the jewel of the nile  artisan :  house of the spirits the last seduction the last emperor the eagle has landed bound  ps : please artisan , instead of releasing 'basic instinct ' for the 4th time , which most have almost the same specifications , consider releasing some more interesting movies with proper attention such as those mentioned above . touchstone / walt disney :  ransom what about bob ? ps : it is a great news that touchstone are releasing 'enemy of the state ' , crimson tide ' and 'con air ' in extended unrated editions on may 16 . i wish though they did the same with 'ransom '  warner :  91/2 weeks presumed innocent  note that warner studio is releasing one of the best 2-disc special edition such as 'shawshank redemption ' , 'heat ' , 'malcolm x ' , 'dog day afternoon ' , 'all the president 's men ' and many many more . the reason why they do n't release every dvd in widescreen enhanced for 16x9 is beyond me since soon widescreen tvs will replace standard ones . it is a relief that amazon is now stating whether the dvd is anamorphic or letterboxed .
this wonderful tv special from the 70 's is timeless and has great music by harry nihlssen ( not sure of that spelling ) . the lesson is all about tolerance with lots of side issues of great value . i am thrilled to own this dvd . it brought back all kinds of memories for me - both the story and especially the music . it is a perfect addition to my collection of movies for my grandchildren
though based on a true incident that took place in 1914 , in the midst of a wwi battle among the scots , the french and the germans , christian carrion 's film " joyeux noel " nonetheless has a dreamlike , other-worldly quality that says more about the state of our current international affairs than it does about carrion 's telling of this sad , sentimental tale . can you imagine a contemporary world in which countries at war with each other would stop the warring long enough to drink champagne , slug vodka , play cards and toast christ 's birth ? unfortunately the bureaucrats and politicians react to this spur-of-the-moment camaraderie among the different factions as they usually do : they condemn the participants and accuse them of treason . all of the actors do a fine job of creating characters who genuinely feel like they are fighting for ideals and ideas that will have a lasting effect on their lives and that of their children . they are committed . they are also of course , innocent . the ethereal diane kruger plays a classical singer , a swede and therefore neutral but married to a german soldier who , through some personal machinations as well as a pass from kaiser wilhelm finds herself on the battlefield on that special night of 12/24/1914 . she sings gounod 's " ave maria " to a rapt audience of soldiers attending christmas eve mass . it is the moral and emotional center of the film as well as its highpoint . " joyeux noel " is a nice reminder of a gentler time : a time when it was the moral and social imperative to always love your country , to always trust your leaders and to always cleave to your family . unfortunately that time is long gone .
the documentary , " guerrilla--the taking of patty hearst " is a good , solid look at the bizarre story behind the symbionese liberation army ( the sla ) --how the sla formed , what actions/crimes they committed , and how the group was finally apprehended . the film examines the political climate in 1970s america , and how disillusionment with government led to the formation of the revolutionary sla . political rhetoric aside , the sla careened through california on a crime spree that involved the murder of two people and even descended into the pettiness of shoplifting a pair of socks . but more than just an investigation into the events surrounding the sla , filmmaker michael stone raises some interesting philosophical questions about crime and punishment . using interviews with surviving sla members russ little and michael bortin--as well as archival news footage of the times , the documentary examines how the sla--led by escaped criminal defreeze cinque--zoomed into the headlines after the 1974 kidnapping of patty hearst , daughter of william randolph hearst . several members of the sla were berkeley students--including emily harris--who worked in the uc berkeley 's registrar 's office . with patty hearst as a hostage , the sla began making demands for food distribution for poor communities , but lest one imagines that the sla members were driven by egalitarian motives , it must be remembered that the sla financed their lifestyle by robbing banks . during the robbing of a bank in carmichael , customer myna opsahl was shot in the stomach by a shotgun blast and left there to die . no doubt the most shocking aspect in the history of the sla was patty hearst 's transformation from kidnap victim to the gun-toting 'tania ' ( renamed for an old girlfriend of che guevara ) who participated in several bank robberies . the documentary includes televised pleas from hearst 's parents for patty 's safety , audiotapes from patty announcing that she 's joined the group , as well as clips of patty 's former fiance , stephen weed . tim findley--a sf chronicle reporter who covered this bizarre case--also appears adding his insightful comments . the kidnapping of patty hearst and her subsequent brainwashing/conversion to the sla remains disturbing , and certainly raises many philosophical questions . was she just an innocent kidnapping victim , or was she young and impressionable enough to be influenced by the sla 's theories on class war ? did the fact that the hearst family is rich and powerful have any bearing on their daughter 's presidential pardon ? well watch the documentary and decide for yourself . there 's so much to be learned from watching a documentary that explores in depth an old news item that still remains locked in the archives of one 's memory . dvd extras include comments by the director michael stone , the audiotapes by patty hearst , footage of the hibernia bank robbery , and segments of court hearings between sla members and the son of murder victim myna opsahl . these speeches from the former sla members--as they try to explain and justify the murder of opsahl--serve as a reminder of the irrevocable damage caused by taking a life--displacedhuma
certainly one of the great classics of alltime and proof positive that they do n't make movies like this anymore ! from the instant when the dazzling 3-d artdeco credits appear , we 're onboard for the ride of our lives , actually the lives of hero cary grant ( 1904-86 ) and eva marie saint . the plot of this 100 percent attention-keeper thickens as its characters sicken . notable in the glorious cast are the handsomely ignoble james mason ( remember him ? 1909-84 ) and ever-dapper leo g. carroll ( who later played the ghost in the tv series topper ) . superbly angled cinema shots feature lush hotel interiors - the elegant un - an aerial shot of ant-tiny cary grant in existential torment against desolate grasslands - and closeups of mount rushmore , which hitchcock had dreamt of shooting , here becoming a backdrop of life-and-death drama . of the 50-some films of sir hitchcock ( 1899-1980 ) i 'd rate this in the top three , with psycho and rebecca rounding out the bases .
as i have found with most baby einstein movies , this one engages my very active 10-month-old baby enough for her to sit for a period of time to enjoy . while i know that watching tv too much is unhealthy , she will not even give regular television a second gland ( which i 'm glad about ) . however , there are times when i need her to be more calm like when i change a diaper , try feeding new foods , and right before and after naps . these movies have been lifesavers to me . this one in particular is nice because it is introducing the body by identifying the same parts on babies and animals . i love to give her a bath and do the " head and shoulders , knees and toes " song with her and point to the different parts . she also loves to stand in front of a mirror and we 'll point out our eyes , mouths , etc . this movie is a great introduction for babies and toddlers to understand their body parts .
from the sociobiological aspect the movie conveys brilliantly how the husband that does n't has access to its genetic children will resort to extreme violence . it also shows how parents are excited about courtship abilities of their young son ( since a " don-juan " son can pass a lot of their genes with various women in his lifetime ) . eventually it shows how the aging parents can not bare the pain from losing their only son , the only way by which they can pass their genes , so they resort to extreme violence , even if the violence is somewhat spiteful : " if my son can not pass my genes , your son who killed my son for a good genetic reason would n't be able to either " - that 's the subconscious motivation for murder " conveyed " by the genes
the chemistry of all of the cast members is perfect . great ghetto storylines that are still relevant 30 years later . top episodes : james buys a gun jj 's engagement with debbie allen
plot of this one is not guide as stand out as the first rush hourm is a been more complex and sometime non sense , but it turn out funny because of that , comedy scene here wo n't be as class as the first , but they did add alot hk style in here one which first one is lacking , great cast in this set , however still lacking at some element of worthy 5 star , so i hoped the third one will be best in the series
the film 's title " paragraph 175 " refers to the passage in german law forbidding homosexuality . paragraph 175 was first introduced into law in 1871 , and as a result , homosexuals were subject to criminal prosecution and blackmail . dr. magnus hirschfeld , a german jewish doctor , and a pioneer in the study of human sexuality , formed the scientific-humanitarian committee with the goal of repealing paragraph 175 . in weimar germany of the 1920s , an enhanced feeling of social and sexual freedom augured well for homosexuals , and berlin became a " homosexual eden . " but once the nazis took power , they enforced anti-gays laws with a vengeance . according to historian klaus muller , in nazi germany 100,000 men were arrested for homosexuality , and approximately 10,000-15,000 were sent to concentration camps . of that number , less than 10 remained alive at the time the film was made . the film , gently and non-intrusively narrated by rupert everett , is built around interviews with a handful of homosexuals who survived the concentration camps . once the nazis took power , they moved swiftly and systematically against the homosexual community . survivors detail how they clung to vain hope--one man , for example believed that with known homosexual , ernst rohm controlling the sturmabteilung ( sa ) other homosexuals would be safe . another survivor noted the homosexual clubs remained open after the nazis came to power , and he took this as a positive sign before he realized that " they let us keep our meeting places , so we could be snatched up . "  the survivors tell their painful stories . one man looks through a photo album in which most of the photos have now been removed ; another looks at a photo of a large family gathering and is able to pick out the faces of the two relatives who survived . one remembers the screams of those hung from poles . one man spent years in buchenwald--only to be snatched up and thrown in dachau . while most of the survivors are unable or unwilling to describe their experiences in the concentration camps , the grief , the anger , and the outrage are just below the surface . " paragraph 175 " is an important , gripping , powerful film--those incarcerated , tortured and murdered for their sexual orientation should not be forgotten . the anti-homosexual movement began as a loss of civil rights and devolved into one of the most shameful episodes in history . to quote one of the survivors , " i am ashamed for humanity " --displacedhuma
ah , chris benoit , one of my all-time favorites , which is why i was thrilled when i bought this dvd almost 2 years ago . personally , i think the documentary is good and somewhat in-depth , i just would 've liked it to be longer . but it starts with benoit 's early years growing up in canada , then to japan , then ecw , wcw and finally wwe . benoit 's comments make this doc . pretty good , despite the short running time ( about 75 mins . ) , but the matches are where this dvd really shines . there are 15 matches in total and footage from wcw , ecw and japan against opponents like jushin thunder liger , black tiger ( eddie guerrero ) and great sasuke , which was footage i loved seeing as it was quite rare . this is a great dvd purchase do n't get me wrong , my only problem is as i said the documentary , it 's very good , i love watching it , i just wanted it to be longer .
this dvd provides benoit 's life story , which i found very interesting . i believe they could have chosen a slightly better match selection , but it was still pretty great . pegasus kid vs jushin " thunder " liger- this is the type of wrestling i love . plenty of chain wrestling , huge japanese crowd meaning a very quiet yet applaud filled match . this match is where chris benoit became a huge star in japan . benoit puts on a great match with a japanese legend . 8.5/10  wild pegasus vs the great sasuke- this was another match with plenty of chains , and some pretty cool high flying stuff by both guys , but mainly sasuke . like the liger match , this was a fast-paced and solid 20 minute match . 8.5/10  wild pegasus vs black tiger [ eddie guerrero ] - these two have had some far better matches , and this is one of those that i wished would have been replaced by something a little better . still a solid match . 7/10  chris benoit vs too cold scorpio [ ecw ] - these two have some nice chemistry together . another 20 minute match ending just before the bell . 8/10  chris benoit vs al snow [ ecw ] - many consider this to be a great match , but i just could n't get into it . slow-paced match until towards end . 6.5/10  chris benoit vs kevin sullivan [ wcw nitro ] - this was an all out brawl , going all over the arena , including the bathrooms . very impressive finish . 8/10  chris benoit vs eddie guerrero [ wcw nitro ] - a very solid match with these two . great chemistry together , eddie and benoit show abilitiese we have not seen for awhile . 7.5/10  chris benoit vs bret hart [ wcw owen hart tribute match ] - this was a phenominal match . bret is a true great , as is benoit . you just do n't see this sort of stuff nowadays . 9.5/10  chris benoit vs william regal [ brian pillman tribute show ] -weird lighting for this match , and not very active crowd . besides that , benoit and regal put on a classic . 8/10  chris benoit vs kurt angle [ raw steel cage match ] -this match was amazing . benoit and angle are the finest chain wrestler in wwe today , and they put on a classic steel cage match . stone cold steve austin does guest commentary . 9/10  chris benoit vs kurt angle [ royal rumble 2003 wwe title match ] - benoit and angle put on another classic in the main-event of the royal rumble . just a truly fantasic match with plenty of false finished , submissions and high-impact moves . 10/10  chris benoit vs shawn michaels vs triple h [ wrestlemania xx world title match ] - this is my all time favorite match . the main-event for wrestlemania xx is often called the best wrestlemania main-event ever , and it is n't surprising . a long , bloody match with pedigrees , sweet chin musics , sharpshooters , crossfaces , diving headbutts , and breaking tables . 10/10  this is a must-have for anyone who enjoys watching a good match . benoit is one of the best performers in the business , and this is his story . i reccomend to all
i 'll admit to you that i love to watch adult swim , and i 'll also admit that i like certain types of anime . no , i 'm not one of those nerdy card-trading poke'mon lovers , i 'm a young adult who likes to use my imagination in my down time . i like anime that 's made for adults like : big o ! , cowboy bebop , trigun , outlaw star , tenchi and ghost in the shell . i was watching either watching family guy or aqua teen hunger force when i saw previews for this show start to air on adult swim , i thought thought it looked cool , it featured what looked to me like a cool futuristic take on robots and the humans that are seamlessly integrated with cybornetics to make them almost immortal , but i did n't know the half of it . what i got was a cyber-punk version of the old black-and-white film noir mysteries . the series receives its subtitle from a theoretical mental complex attributed to the adaptation of cybernetics into the mass public . in the story , 'stand alone complex ' is said to describe copies with no original and is portrayed by copycat crimes with no original criminal , or in other words , an imaginary criminal . it also refers to the structure of each episode : each episode can be viewed independently of each other , and there is little catch-up ( if at all ) given in each episode to keep the viewer up to date . taking place in a fictional city of japan called " niihama-shi " ( new port city ) in the year 2030 , stand alone complex tells the story of a special operations task-force called public security section 9 , or simply " section 9 " . the series follows the exploits of section 9 's agents who range from ex-military to ex-police as they address each case and how it affects them on a personal level , eventually leading to the mysterious figure dubbed by the media as " the laughing man " . public security section 9 is an elite domestic anti-crime unit tasked with the charge of preemptive prevention of technology-related acts of terrorism and crime . their duties include response to serious cyber crimes ( i.e . cyberbrain hacking , cyber-terrorism ) , investigation of unlawful acts of those in public office and of high profile murder cases . from time-to-time they also serve as protection to foreign vips . if you have seen the movie then you know that the tv series differs from the cinema adaptation in its focus upon issues created by the advance of technology . instead of the intensely focused and personal examination of technology , presented is a look at society and technology as a larger whole . the series of 26 half-hour tv episodes has a larger budget of time to explore the concepts and ideas found in the original manga . in comparison to the film version , the series is considered by many to be easier to understand . also , in comparison , the series can be found to be closer to the manga ; due to the presence of some humor , the usage of the tachikomas ( fuchikomas in the manga , and referred to simply as " tanks " in the one scene a derivant version makes an appearance in ) , the design of the characters , and also , the usage of the characters paz , bouma and saito . stand alone complex exhibits the accumulated experience and expertise of production i.g . in their application of computer generated imagery . this is evident in their digital color grading , environmental effects , and cell-shaded computer models . their work has been highly praised for its subtle contribution to a scene , which adds greatly to the atmosphere . i think a lot of people will try to compare this to cowboy bebop as with so many other anime and mangas , but that 's foolish . stand alone complex is no better or worse than cowboy bebop , it 's just a different story , different style , different sets of charactors and there places . if you like anime or manga you 'll definitely like this show . it 's complex , has views on modern terrorism and how to deal with it , and not to mention the technology ! even if you do n't watch anime just give a chance and take it for what it is .
my wife and i saw " love actually " when it first came out and fell in love with the movie instantly . yes , richard curtis uses every trick to pull at our heartstrings , but it works . and the crescendos and the various climaxes of each story keeps pulling me in . when the movie first appeared on hbo , i always seem to find it and could n't stop watching until the end of the movie . i bought the dvd and it 's become a family tradition to watch it christmas eve ( most years ) . and it never gets old . i am not a fan of christmas movies . i 've never seen all of " miracle on 34th street " or " its a wonderful life " , but i 'm looking forward to sitting on the sofa with my wife to watch " love actually " again
a solid addition to the rockumentary genre . this captures sting as make his foray into solo work with his first solo album and a band of jazz superstars . looking back it is obvious that sting was meant to have a solo career ( and arguably he was solo with the police ) . at the time of this movie , it was not so obvious and the suspense around how he will fare is interesting . the music is super , the behind the scenes look is interesting and his band of jazz luminaries adds richness
john ford must have felt very fortunate ( although he would have never have admitted it ) to have had john wayne and henry fonda star in fort apache . wayne and fonda were by far the great director 's favorite leading men - he made wayne a star in " stagecoach , " and went on to direct him in some of the best-loved , best remembered westerns ever , " she wore a yellow ribbon , " " the man who shot liberty valance , " and one of the greatest movies of any genre , " the searchers . " fonda appeared in many movies with ford as well , including " drums along the mohawk , " " the grapes of wrath , " and another immortal western , " my darling clementine . "  following a pattern that he would continue in " liberty valance , " ford analyzes the mythology of the west , in particular the valiant heroic cavalry officer who bravely and unavoidably leads his men to certain death , thereby obtaining immortal glory . fonda plays an arrogant , by-the-book stiff commander who will have nothing less than a to-the-death struggle with cochise . wayne is his subordinate , trying desperately to avoid catasrophe . this film has it all , great performances , great direction , and great cinematography . it is way past time that this great film be released on dvd , but it is well worth the wait
i was very keen on the early poseidon adventure which i liked . so i was keen to see what wolgang petersen , a director i do like , could do with the story . it found it to being a good movie . it did keep the viewers interests as our heroes go from one episode to the next . so much so i lost track of time throughout the movie . having said that this movie has to be compared to the 1972 effort . in which case , i would have to say like so many copies that its not as good as the original . the characters are not so interesting nor is the acting . the story was better explained in the first one and more believable . the special effects are approximately as good . the filming however is better as the newer technology shows . still it is worth looking at .
this movie will bring up your racial prejudices in ways that most movies just elude to . it demonstrates how connected we all are as people , and how seperated we are by only one thing - our viewpoints . the acting is superb , and you get one cameo appearance after another , which is a treat . of course , the soundtrack is terrific . the ending is intense to witness , one situation after another coming to an unfortunate finish .
this movie has it all , especially for baby boomers of the early 1970 's . blethyn , as a betrayed widow is priceless and nigel ferguson as her pot smoking gardener steals the movie with his characteristic good humor and good looks . the english scenery is charming and blethyn 's loyal village friends top off the movie 's touching humor and happy ending . i have given this dvd as christmas gifts and my friends have loved it too . a must own
this is a wonderful inside-hollywood thriller/comedy directed by robert altman . tim robbins stars as a big shot producer who begins receiving hate mail from one of his rejected writers . he thinks he 's figured out who it is ( vincent d'onofrio ) , goes to meet him , and in a rage kills him . he then falls in love with d'onofrio 's weird girlfriend ( gretta scacchi ) , an artist who ca n't ever finish anything . there is also a movie within the movie which has to do with the making of a melodrama in which an innocent woman is about to be executed - only to be rescued at the last minute by the d.a . altman 's theme has to do with the hollywood version of reality , which is nothing more than what will earn big bucks ; it has nothing to do with " truth . " a long list of hollywood stars make cameo appearances . it 's really a well-done movie , very classy and hip . altman also satirizes hollywood power players extremely well - it 's a whole other world out there in lala land
i 've actually been hoping for a live cd release , but i was more than happy with this dvd . all the favorites are here ( only a minor gripe with the omission of echo and 11am , and the inclusion of priceless , but that 's just personal preference ) . this is all the evidence needed to show that this band has reached maturity . drive is an unexpected change , but being the most played-out song in their lineup , the obscurity is welcome . the musical talent all around seems much improved from the previous dvds , and each member gets to show off all their new tricks . unlike some other bands , incubus seems to perfectly display each musician 's talents so well with each song , and this -for me- showed how it can all be put together so seamlessly . every song is a highlight on this one - my favorites are made for tv movie and sick sad little world . other notes : it 's the perfect place to film for a dvd ; we get to see brandon play guitar and how well ben works as a backup singer ; and i think jose could make any rock band sound good . recommended for any fan of incubus , especially of their newer material
when i first found the broadway lost treasure serier on amazon , i nearly jumped up and down in my seat . any broadway clips that i can get a hold of i definitly must get . i bought broadway lost treasure i and broadway lost treasures ii together . i must say the performances were very good , just because you ca n't call broadway bad . the way the performances were put together , however , was boring and gave off cheaply made vibes . dont get me wrong the hosts were fantastic ( jerry orbach,angela lansbery.etc ) some of my favorite people , but i wanted i little bit more background information on the shows and things like that . overall , i encourage purchasing broadway lost treasures ii ( and the first one ) ,if you keep an open mind . if you dont know alot about broadway , then this will bore you to tears . this is not what you should purchase if you want to learn more about broadway . if you are more interested in learning more about broadway , rather than just seeing performances , then i would buy " broadway : the american musical " ( which can be found on amazon ) .
i bought this as a dvd for home use . i wo n't repeat the story as others have done so already . i loved the story . the plot was well put together and solid . the acting was wonderful . i have watched it a couple of times now and enjoy it more each time i see it . i really am enjoying the fun of this film . i 'd suggest to folks to just relax and watch a terrific and humorous film . it is made to be light with family values of what counts in life . tim did an outstanding job as he always does . the chasing scenes with tim on all fours becoming a dog ; the dog behaviors as a human had me rolling . it is one of the funniest films i 've seen in a long time . as an adult i loved it and would buy it again . i 'm thrilled to see disney making such terrific and wonderful films . it was tastefully done . the caged scenes were carefully done . no bad language just a wonderful film that can be enjoyed as another eventual classic among the disney films . and no i did n't perceive this as a film geared toward small children . perhaps pre-teens and up would be my guess . to demean the film based on the expectation that tiny children would appreciate the story is not realistic nor does it do justice for what the film is . it is a wonderful film with a great storyline ! ! corinn
das boot is an epic film that is very well done . i loved the suspense and terrific character moments . the thrills are well paced and we get a feeling of the boredom and terror of living in a nazi u-boat in the midst of the atlantic during 1941 wwii . going 60 days with no sight of the enemy helps show the epic nature of the ocean . the three week storm is well crafted and adds so much more tension to the film . this movie is now one of the top ten movies of all time for me . in viewing the dvd , i chose to turn on english subtitles while also selecting the english 2.0 spoken language . what is interesting is how the english dub has paraphrased certain lines and in others totally changed every meaning behind the statements . i 'm talking about the line that , in german , reads something like " i ca n't wait to get back home and f * * k the h * ll out of a few wild wh * * es ! " is rewritten and dubbed as " when i get home i 'm going to shower and sleep until december ! " quite a drastic change . but of course , sailors in the german navy use language that i suppose is unacceptable - even in an " r " rated movie - for english audiences.. . there are more than fifteen conversations of that nature that have been translated into english subtitles from the german language spoken in the original dub of the film , while the english dub is totally different . later in the film , there are even lines shown in subtitles that are not spoken at all in the english dub . very interesting and fun to watch . even with the subtitles on , i enjoyed this movie from start to finish . i love the epic movies that run well over two and a half hours . this one clocks in at a good four and a half hours ! it draws you in and keeps you going from the very first moment to the very last explosion.. .  one of the best war movies i have ever seen ! one of the most interesting ironies of this film is that the entire movie takes place within the nazi u-boat and we get to see and feel compassion for the german men who fight to keep the boat afloat . the irony occurs when the allied forces attack them and we get to experience the other side of the equation . very intense and dramatic
these are the best dvds out there for babies because they are full of live action animals , people , flowers , water , etc . i got them for my daughter when she was about 3 months old - she loved them then and she still loves them at 6 months . they are perfect for the car for long trips to visit grandparents , and for afternoons when i need a break to cook dinner . she laughs at the kids on the video and loves the animals , too . the best part of course is the christian music ! these videos are top quality and my daughter loves them - she gets bored very quickly with baby einstein .
his words to the jury , a petition for strength for them against great odds , for himself against greater odds , for a system sometimes blind to justice , and for the victim of negligence who has no voice , puts a lump in your throat today 25 years after the release of 'the verdict . '  tv bytes and news reports of lawyers ' greed today have surpassed the image of scoundrels as nearly all of us now just leave them to their money-grubbing best . and the courage and brilliance of " brown v. board " and " heart of atlanta " exemplifying courageous men and women doing what is best fade into a distant past . but once in while a movie ( 'mockingbird ' ) comes along and moves powerfully to recall what it was that attracted us to the beauty of this ancient profession : to do what is right , or even better , to do what is right against great odds . frank galvin , drunk , ambulance chaser , liar , failure , had that dream once but a mistake , an error of judgemnt , a naive trust in loyalty that was gravely misplaced led him to where he is now , sucking on breath mints and bourbon , handing out cards , working for booze money . his old friend jack warden handed him a case , a no-brainer , a lovely irish girl who went into labor and came out brain dead . the defendants ? a squeaky clean , chaired , lauded , published and handsome obgyn and . . . . the diocese of boston . and frank 's going to cave . hell . it 's the eve of trial and he 's been drunk through the 24 months of discovery . and then he prepares for the settlement conference with the dfense lawyer , james mason ( just positively brilliant ) and goes to the girls hospital room where she is machine fed and takes photos . but a funny thing happens . lke marcellus ( burton ) winning the robe in the lottery at the foot of the cross or a drunk at his first aa meeting , frank 's not sure but something 's different . and he begins to wonder if maybe this time he wo n't cave . great , morbid , wry , ironic , gallows humor . warden says after the settlement conference , " whadja ' think of ( mason ) ? " galvin : he 's good . warden : good ? he 's the [ . . . . . ] prince of darkness . a cast that you have heard of and seen a thousand times and some that you would never see again all working together to bring you a blue collar story of the good thief . i do n't know that there is a better trial movie . people say that newman lost but was n't robbed for the oscar because ben kingley was so wonderful in ghandi . he was robbed . 5 stars . larry scantlebury
it is a gene kelly vehichle and there are three wartime buddies , but that 's pretty much where the " on the town " similarities end . it is a surprisingly sharp , cynical story in which the protagonist 's dreams do * not * initially come true- due to life circumstances . betty comden and the late adolph green- responsible for so many great film scores as well as the scripts of " auntie mame , " " bells are ringing , " and " what a way to go- " contribute very witty songs here , including the danubian tri-liloquy sung by the guys and dolores gray 's " thanks a lot , but no thanks " and " music is better than words ( delivered with a rich , smooth contralto ) . " i wish kelly and charisse had danced together ( the omission makes the film appear a bit empty ) , but my favorite numbers are still his garbage-can dance through the streets and her sexy sweater-and-skirt dance with the boxers , " baby , you knock me out . " and i would 've liked the roller-skating finale better if it did n't have a big , looming , piece of the " singin ' in the rain " set in the background
it 's so silly how michael moore is criticized purely based on what trashy fox news watchers see on tv . they claim that his works are fictious anti american jabble , when in reality he encourages people to pirate the movie & then goes on tour giving speeches full of well researched facts for free . clearly , this man is doing it all for the money . if his words are so insincere , why has the president not sued him for slander ? and why ca n't anyone slamming the movie ever make any specific reference ? it 's always a general statement about michael moore being one explictive or another , and never about something he actually says . could it be , maybe , that they do n't even know why they hate him
i really liked this movie and think is too underrated . it has a great story line and plot . although katie holmes has a small part it is a good one . i really enjoyed this one . has quite a few twists as well
maybe you had to be there . maybe the actual film never quite measures up to what has been preserved in the memory of a certain generation . and with literary roots in journalistic observations of the blandly benign cameron crowe , maybe it lacks the nerve to truly explore the teenage sex blues with the farcical abandon of its vulgar cousin porky 's . but even today fast times remains funny , with witty set pieces and a host of emerging hollywood stars flirting , dating and hooking up to the rock soundtrack of the period . as burnout surfer jeff spicoli , sean penn achieved well-deserved legendary status . yet special props go to judge reinhold as the hang-dog dirty old senior . any scene even remotely involving customer service , he steals it , then turns around and gives able dramatic support to jennifer jason leigh
it does tend to lurch , but i give it a yes anyway because it says not so well something it is still arch heresy even to suggest ; the end is not near , it is very , very near . and possibly , it has already come and gone
i glad there is someone besides me that is fed up with the insufferable bores who automatically think a film is " intellectual " because it is made anywhere but the usa . in their eyes america can do no right . my other pet peave is the wide screen snobs and their utter distain for any film offered in full frame .
samurai champloo has been a great series , and this third dvd has kept that tradition . though the last episode was weak , as most recap episodes are , the other three episodes made up for it , and then some . around the time this came out , fans of the series were starting to buy the dvd 's more due to the shortage of episodes on adult swim , as the last episode on this dvd is as far as adult swim would broadcast ( they did start to broadcast more shortly after dvd six ) . below are my ratings for this dvd and it 's episodes . episode nine : beatbox bandits- this episode , though not very good , still has some funny scenes and some action . mugen jin and fuu are caught trying to pass through a checkpoint with counterfiet passes . the checkpoint officials find out that they did not make the forgeries , and cut a deal . mugen is sent to do one of their croked errands . will mugen stay true to his companions ? watch and find out . i rate this episode a 5/10 , simply because it lacked action and plot , plus the man telling the story is looking back thirty years to when the episode occured . i do n't know , maybe it 's the thought of jin mugen and fuu being old , but i do n't dig the old man looking that far back . episode ten : lethal lunacy- one of my favorite , if not my all time favorite , sc episodes ! this episode kicks anus in every way possible ! i dont want to reveal to much of the story line , but i reccomend watching this episode ! even if this dvd just had this episode and was still full price , i would still buy it ! i rate this episode a -/- , or infinite . if you really want stars , it is 10/10 , though i find that underappreciating the episode to give it a finite rating  episode eleven : gamblers and gallentry- jin falls in love with a depressed woman who has been forced to work in a whore-house to pay off her husbands debt . still a good episode , but not the best . lots of great humor . i rate this episode 7/10 . episode twelve : the disorder diaries- recap episode . jin and mugen read fuu 's diary while she takes a bath . this episode has a lot of funny dialogue , but that 's the only thing it has working for it . i rate this episode 3/10  well , that 's it for this review . check out my next review on volume four of samurai champloo . i hope this review helped . peace
peirce really suprised me in this movie . he was always so " pretty " in his movies , he showed that he can play " dirty " . an unlikely " friendship " developes between a regular guy and a hired killer . pierce , the hired killer , is getting older and less steady on the trigger , could it be that years of murdering is weighing heavy on his concience , or that he is close to his retirement years and dose n't have a real friend in this whole stinkin ' world because of the business he 's in . either way , he 's like a man in a desert who forgot to bring water . unusual buddy film , but , it works ! enjoy
i could explain to you all about each show but you already know . what makes this collection great is the fact as to how it is packaged along with the price . you get 5 christmas tv classics in a collectors case along with a 20 song sing-a-long cd . and for 25 bucks that is a deal you ca n't beat . that 's roughly 5 bucks a show not including the cd . i got this set just so my 5 year old can grow up watching some of the " good " christmas shows that i did .
two years later , the red sox fan still wakes up on the odd morning late in september thinking it never happened . it was a utopian dream , the comfort of the drugged and sleeping . but it * did * happen . it 's here on film . they could n't have made this all up and - besides - i remember it . like it was yesterday . the producers of this dvd did n't have much of a world series series to work with . the sox swept the cardinals in four . the real drama was the american league championship series . still , the producers have done a remarkable job of building the context of the curse of the bambino , the tragedy snatched from the jaws of triumph in years that are branded into the thighs and brains of red sox fans - 1967 , 1975 , 1986 - the new spring hopes that make one feel a little foolish . the mind games . the despair . the self-loathing . it all ended in 2004 . it 's right here on film . the names now fit comfortably beside those of yaz and the rest of fenway 's venerable ghosts : schilling , damon ( still beloved in pinstripes ) , pedro , millar , derek lowe , trot , big papi , manny being manny , 'skip ' francona , the undyingly heroic field captain 'tek ' varitek , the man paid to steal one base ( dave roberts ) . the gutsy trade of nomar . then there were the demons of this passion play : all the yankees , but particularly a-rod , who played the part of a bizarrely emasculated lucifer . and all the yankees , again . and again . everybody else was just there that season for bit parts and background noise for big papi 's walkoff homers and curt schillings epochal bloody sock , the crux of red sox nation 's unlikely redemption . a red sox fan watching this dvd for the fifth time can still not suppress the goosebumps . where were we for this game ? and that game ? the true fans among us are slightly embarrassed about the fact that we remember where , a stroke of intellectual capacity that is supposed to be reserved for truly international events . as i write this in mid-october , 2006 , the sox are at home and detroit is facing off with oakland for the american league championship . it does n't matter . we won . it 's right there on the dvd . plus , the soundtrack is brilliant . it all ends in glory after all , not ashes . redemption
i 'm mildly into anime , i only watch the stuff that i really enjoy . this is the only series that has really drawn me in . usually it 's just movies for me but wolf 's rain is amazing . i ca n't wait for volume ii to be released on tuesday ! it contains the final episodes ( 19-30 ) .
this anime was what got me hooked on anime years ago when it first came out on cartoon network , and now is definetly considered a classic alongside cowboy bebop and others . this is truly a wonderful series that reaches somewhere inside you and pulls you into the very souls of the characters and you feel like you know these people . yoko kanno is my favorite music director and the music is absolutely perfect . it 's so beautiful and fits the story so well . the overtone is semi dark with those special times where the mood is happy and cheerful . as for the languages and region , while i would n't know yet for this particular box set , i would assume it is just like the individual dvds they put out with japanese and english language and english subtitles . and i do n't know where to look for the region of the dvd , but i think it might be region 1 , whatever it means . i do know that i have n't had any troubles playing it on any of our dvd players . [ ... ]
this is a very emotional film . it induces emotion in the viewer , and for that i give it five stars . i 'm more interested in constructive criticism than in praise , so even though i think it is an excellent film , i will just focus on what i think is wrong with it . one problem is that blanche dubois is simply too pretty for the role . we do n't understand , on a gut level , why this beautiful girl would worry about hiding behind dim lighting . the script makes it clear that she is supposed to look " old " , and yet she does n't . that 's a fault of the film . it makes her final passionate scene with karl malden incomprehensible . he holds her up to the light , she looks very pretty , and yet we are supposed to believe that she looks terrible in bright light . for that i blame the director , elia kazan . what in god 's name could he have been thinking of , and why did he mess up so badly on that important detail ? another important fault of this film is that stanley kowalski 's attack on blanche is n't set up properly . are we just supposed to believe that he is an animal , and chalk it up to that ? sorry , not good enough . we should have seen it coming . again , another big mess-up by kazan . when the script has the characters doing something that does n't ring true , there 's a problem . we needed to see that attack being led up to . we needed to think " oh my god , i know what he is about to do . "  stanley kowalski is actually the good guy throughout most of the movie . all of a sudden it turns . it 's incomprehensible . somewhere between the writing , directing , and acting , somebody dropped the ball somewhere . the stanley kowalski who attacks blanche is not the same man who appears earlier in the film . he 's not an " animal " . he 's not set up that way for us . blanche is the snob , and stanley is okay , but that is turned on its head at the end . insanity is a nice little copout . we can make our actors do anything , and just say okay , they went nuts . very touching , but not very realistic . how does someone go insane ? what stages do they go through ? blanche 's descent into insanity , into an inability to tell reality from fantasy , should have been more realistic , more researched , more consistent with the way it actually happens . it does happen to people , people who are extremely bipolar , people who are schizophrenic . more research should have been done , to show what the descent into insanity actually does look like . i have high standards , but that 's a good thing , i think . still , i 've given this film five stars
i first saw this movie in high school in the theater . i was extremely moved by the film , and it triggered a facination with south asia that lasts to this day - i even work half the year in sri lanka now . so for me , personally , this movie is of tremendous influence . i understand the arguements about the crediting of non-white actors ; i always wondered why candice bergman is given top billing , given that she only appears in a very few scenes . well , that 's the way of the world - it 's marketing right or wrong , and to get people into the theater you highlight those who are well known . it 's not right , but that 's hollywood . i mean , better to have unfair credits than to not have the movie at all , yes ? and you 've got to admit , it was quite a debut for ben kingsly . wow . he 'll be forever known for this role . that aside , this is an excellent , amazing film . of course , it 's still highly relevant , perhaps even more so in our post-911 world of fear . the movie ends with a feeling of real hope and inspiration . a must-see for anyone who feels anger , fear , agressively nationalistic , hopelessness , hatred , or lost . i can think of several politicans who need to see this movie
i did n't have high expectations for this movie , but it surprised and pleased me enough to watch it 3 times . i 've always like tom cruise and he does n't disappoint in this movie . but the real star is ken watanabe as the samurai leader-what perfect casting ! and koyuki as the samurai widow was just plain gorgeous . the hd dvd transfer made an already beautiful movie that much better . highly recommended
i think this is a beautiful story about a man , who wanted to change his country . he was not looking for his lost money , he wanted a new hungary . the story about a great man , love through peace , war and blood . a great story from the hungarian history . everyone , who like dramas , the 19th century , real heros... have to see this wonderful movie
there have been emblematic films that plainly , justifies its success based on serious denounces that attempt against the environment . but few times , we had had the opportunity to watch with such boldness the ferociousness , constancy and dedication like this one . we should be back to the times if silkwood or the china syndrome to feel with such powerful intensity the importance about the magnitude of the ethical limits of the industrialization and the preservation of the environmental health ; that degenerated in an unpredictable scandal of majuscule proportions  on the other hand of the coin , ( and i must confess i have never been a special fan of mrs. roberts ) she displayed by far , the best of her repertoire and gave us a very real portrait that deserved her the academy award that year . one more thing : in order to the fairness , i would personally would have stated decreed an equal number of votes with another superb and perhaps never equaled performance : ellen burstyn and " requiem for a dream " . and that i keep this statement taking into account that famous double prize between barbara streisand and vanessa redgrave in 1967 , where the difference in what acting concerns was even major . excellent edition and magisterial direction of steven soderbergh .
i saw the trailer for this film numerous times in the theatre . i thought it was going to be another run of the mill comedy that just happens to take place in a greasy fast food joint . not even close ! this movie is strange and should someday earn cult status . besides i like watching drew barrymore
you go , diva ! ! i missed these videos , soooo cool ! ! deeper than the night , i think my favorite olivia song of all-time... so young , so beautiful ! ! and even hotter now... check-out video gold 2 - just as incredible... rock on , olivia !
their was a whole generation of little girls teenagers and young adults sitting down in the 90 's to watch 90210 and party of five.they were even on the same night at one point.it was a perfect tv night ! this show is amazing.if you havent seen it your missing out and if you have you need to own this dvd ! i 'm really surpised that this dvd isnt more popular.i really think its because it hasnt been advertised.these dvds need a little advertisements just to let the fans that dont search for it know its out thier.buy it its worth every penn
on the face of it , a movie about a suicidal teen who develops a semi-romantic attachment to an ancient woman seems about as " niche " as you can get , but do n't overlook this film . the relationship between harold and maude is truly endearing , and is as heartbreakingly dear as it is comedic . through maude ( ruth gordon in a role that will forever define the agelessness of the human spirit ) we get a truly unique perspective on life , told in such a gracefully sweet way that we can not help but fall in love with her . if you like igby goes down ( a modern interpretation of catcher in the rye ) you 'll get much the same feeling from harold and maude , which is not so much a " coming of age " movie as a funny-but-deep look at love in all its splendours
a friend with a three year old told us about this product and we purchased it . wow ! our three year old girl kept wanting to watch it over and over . we used the dvd along with us talking about numbers and she was doing great . before pre-school started she was able to add and subtract numbers between 0 - 10 .
the stellar performances of jason alexander ( buzz ) and john glover ( james/john ) make this movie , providing the most humorous and touching moments in this film . the swan lake scene , while funny , is probably the most sad , as each character explains how he will pass on . yet the most interesting character to me is gregory , as he is the glue that holds this group of men together , generously offering his victorian house for holiday vacations . it is he who starts the film with his narration , welcoming the viewer in as if we are a visitor to his home as well , and having the final narration during the swan lake scene . he is caretaker to his friends in life and in death , and the central character that the six others revolve around ; it is befitting that he will be the last to go . each character struggles with his own demons ; we are privy to their personal pain , yet all manage to rise above their problems and find joy in life and with each other 's companionship . even the most detestable character , john , is not entirely unsympathetic . yes , there 's some stereotypical moments , but all in all , this is an enjoyable film , one that leaves an indelible impression
this movie is a great movie to add to your dvd collection . especially if you are a mob fan . this movie is about corruption within the mob , about betrayal , about death and dying . it starts off with someone trying to whack the don , and the family trying to find out who it is and why . i 'm not going to ruin it for anyone by telling the story . just watch it . mario puzo 's the last don ( 1997 ) was great too
i do n't own this series , but i watch it on pbs . it 's great . they cover a limited number of words per episode , and i 'm grateful ; it can get a little overwhelming . my 2 1/2 year old daughter only does a few signs , but she 's able to decipher anything i sign to her . i know " mama " , " hungry " , " want , " " cookie " ... for now that will have to do for " mama is hungry , she wants a cookie . " you 'll catch other words from the songs . go to the signing time website . they have sample videos , and lyrics , you 'll get the idea . a little at a time is good enough for me . expert proficiency is not my expectation here . five stars
i love this series and plan to buy more . it is well done . the signs are separated so one can watch just one in a sitting , or watch the whole dvd . the word is first shown , then a mom shows the sign , then kids demonstrate ( including some use of the actual object , if appropriate ) . my child and i have both picked up signs quickly from this dvd
" the bad sleep well " is a forgotten gem from one of japan 's great masters , akira kurosawa . his other two shakespeare adaptations , " throne of blood " ( macbeth ) and " ran " ( king lear ) , are much more famous and well-regarded , justifiably so if you have seen them ( " ran " is particular is my favorite of all kurosawa films ) . however , this sharp and caustic adaptation of hamlet deserves an equal amount of praise and recognition . it may be the most bleak subject matter that kurosawa ever tackled - the corruption in the highest levels of government in post-war japan . the film begins with a long but funny wedding sequence that illustrates kurosawa 's great skill as a director . we ( and the camera ) are among a group of reporters discussing the numerous convenient reasons for the marriage ; the bride is lame and the daughter of iwabuchi , the head of corporation , and the bridegroom , nishi , has aspirations to elevate his status in the business . we see the comedy of manners play out in this sequence in increasingly humorous situations as the various parties deny these rumours and reporters comment to each other , culminating in the panicked looks on the faces of the corporate higher-ups as the wedding cake arrives - in the shape of their office building , public corp. , with a red x marking a spot in one of the windows where one of their former partners commited suicide . it 's a virtuoso sequence that perfectly sets up the tone of the rest of the film . the newspapers have a field day with this , especially when various members of public corp. are investigated for fraud and embezzlement , yet they stoically remain silent and the case goes nowhere . then it heats up again as a few of them commit suicide ; the rumours are that they were goaded into doing so ( n fact , they were ) . however , without any substance to press the matter , the case is dropped . and that 's when the real story begins - one of the public corp executives , wada , survives and is rescued by nishi and his shadowy accomplice , itakura . this is followed by a brilliant scene in which wada is taken to his own funeral and observes the farce - all the while , nishi plays him a tape with moriyama and shirai , his former partners , plotting his murder . the way kurosawa stages this is masterful ; the sublime music emanating from the funeral is contrast dramatically with the cold-blooded words of public corp , as wada listens on . one of the ways wada contributes is to scare the living hell out of shirai - wada poses as a ghost of himself in order to freak out shirai ( a pointed but clever method of tying in the ghost in hamlet ) . as the plot progresses , nishi reveals his reasons for saving wada and exacting a very personal revenge on iwabuchi and his cohorts ; the story 's pace becomes more frantic and exciting . technically , kurosawa is at his best here . the wedding and the funeral are both marvels and they contrast each other perfectly . he uses a lot of intriguing mise-en-scene compostions for his interiors that serve to highlight his characters ' inner thoughts but very little movement of the camera in order to manipulate his audience ; the dark nature of the story is enough to suck you in . one of the fascinating observations in " the bad sleep well " is that all of the characters are morally bankrupt and filled with secrets - even nishi , the protagonist . his wife , the ophelia character , is the only one that kurosawa allows us to feel sympathy for , and even then in the end she is not fully spared her grief . taken in this context , kurosawa 's hamlet becomes a study in the morality and pragmatism of revenge but also an incisive jab at the fat cats in modern japan . if there is a flaw in the film , it is that the overall pacing is not always brisk enough to sustain the long running time ( 2 1/2 hours ) . the wedding , despite being absolutely essential , is protracted ; the rest of the film is much quicker but still drags in parts . also , kurosawa seems unsure about his ending ; the film ends quite abruptly but appropriately in terms of his larger point about the hopelesness of fighting the rampant corruption , i would argue . however , despite these flaws , overall " the bad sleep well " is a masterful and dark excursion into the seedy side of corporate crime , using shakespeare hamlet brilliantly but not completely as it 's core . toshiro mifune in particular gives one of his most unique low-key performances ; instead of his usual fiery exterior we get a performance full of internalized anger throughout . highly reccomended
" the thomas crown affair " gets better everytime i watch it . i spot something i missed . hear music which i heard but never listened to and see how it relates to the movie . actually hearing the " windmills of my mind " . this is an unbelievably good movie , although i prefer the original 's ending
gosh . the other reviewer , who seems to me , only watched the first four episodes of this series and judged the title soley on that . oh , and on the dvd covers . this is n't the first anime to have 'fan service ' on the dvd covers . look at kiddy grade , an anime that this tweedledum65 reccommends over r.o.d tv . i 'm not going to get into details on this anime , for good reviews check out www.themanime.org , i 'm just saying i liked it , and if you 're paitient , and like a good mystery , i hope you find this series just as enjoyable as i do .
i ordered this guide so that i could understand all of the options and functions available on my new nikon d200 . since it is a video that i could watch , pause , then continue watching it was easy for me to understand . the explanations made a lot of sense . there are lots of examples and exercises that help to explain not only how the d200 works but how to use the various functions to take better photos . i highly reccommend it
jude is a very powerful film . it is also very disturbing , but it is absolutely a must see . this is an adaptation of thomas hardy 's last novel , the film is n't exactly like the novel , but if you can ignore that then you 'll find that this is quite a terrific film . just do n't expect exactly what you got from the novel . over all i give it four stars .
i waited years for this movie to be released in the united states . as far as i was concerned , it was n't about the acting , as much as it was about the " feeling " the actors wanted to portray , in which they , profoundly , accomplished . i would recommend this movie to anyone who can reach that one step deeper into the minds of creativity and passion , and appreciate the struggles of rising above and beyond the pain of broken dreams
murrey is a middle aged man with a comfortable living standard and the emotional life of a turtle . which does not keep him from chasing women and from appearing like a " regular don juan " to his neighbor winston , a family man . murrey gets talked into visiting 4 women whom he knew 20 years ago , searching for a possible son , whose existence is unclear , and who may just be a hoax . the visits are all shocking in different ways . all women live in similar locations , though on different social standards between white trash and professional wealth . all encounters are odd , the safest one is the visit to the grave of one woman who has died in an accident . she was number 5 in the list of " suspects " for the mother of the phantom son . do n't watch this film if you need action or a plot . if you are happy with smart dialogues , odd situations , great acting , a script worked to perfection , this is one for you
this is one of my favorite movies and i find it unfortunate that not too many people know about it . i think it is important for people to know this story . everyone should watch this movie simply because it is fantastic
" the medium " instantly became my favorite show on television in 2005 . i usually am fascinated by shows with elements of the paranormal , which tuned me in . however , it is the realism of the family relationship that is most fascinating . patricia arquette who was in " ed wood " with johnny depp plays alison dubois . her emmy win for best actress in a drama attests to her standing within the industry , but the on-screen chemistry with jake weber who was in " meet joe black " and plays her husband joe is riveting . they fight , spat , try to mask conflict in front of their kids , juggle an impossible number of real-life tasks , and have layers of humor and romance that make this seem like a real family that loves each other and deals with the unusual circumstances of alison 's psychic ability . i found after watching the initial show that when the reruns would show , i still wanted to watch them over episodes of csi miami that i had not seen . when i bought the dvd , i was hoping there might have been an episode i 'd missed , but i 'd seen them all between nbc & lifetime reruns several times . i 'm impressed by how entrancing each episode is and the quality of the writing . alison 's dreams are like clues that she struggles to fit together . what impresses me about alison is that she sincerely struggles to do the right thing . in a world of violence , it 's often hard to be clear which way the moral compass points . in the episode " in sickness & adultery " her tip places her on the witness stand with an unethical hostile prosecutor that seeks to embarrass her . as she comes back that he cheated to pass his law exams and is cheating on his wife , she finds that her best defense is the truth . the two older daughters are also jewels . maria lark as bridget often has my entire family in stitches with her offbeat humor like shouting at her mom who wakes screaming from a bad dream , " mom , please stop doing that ! " sofia vassilieva as the older aerial keeps the arguments at the breakfast table bouncing . david cubitt who plays the reoccurring role of detective lee scanlon also achieves amazing chemistry with arquette . miguel sandoval as the district attorney manuel duvalos has such a focused calmness that he centers the crime portion of the show . ( perhaps we will sometime see more about his family . ) while it 's hard to pick my favorite first season episode , the complex plot of " a priest , a doctor & medium walk into an execution chamber " is a jewel , with the police chasing a ghost who apparently has just committed murder . the dvd commentaries and introduction to the real-life alison dubois really give excellent background for fans of the show . this is one show that reaches the level of art for me . its excellence will make it memorable for a long time & this dvd collection a valuable addition to an entertainment collection . bravo
i was happy to see a 'romantic comedy ' that did n't line up with every other formula picture in the genre . really fun stuff and some solid acting
this video is amazing ! my 6 week old son is watching it right now ! i ca n't believe how entertained he is by it ! these videos have been proven to increase a child 's iq , so i do n't feel [ too ] guilty about letting him watch .
while i 've always loved blade runner , the so-called " theatrical cut " was seriously marred by narration that was hilariously blunt in content and awful in its monotone articulation . harrison ford has claimed he did this on purpose with the hope that the whole narration would be scrapped . but hollywood , in its infinite vulgarity and congenital contempt for its audience 's intelligence and artistic sensitivity , stuck with it anyway , on the assumption that we needed to be spoon-fed with sophomoric incompetence . equally stupid , though less damaging in that its effect was more restricted , was the inappropriate sappy ending , which not only contradicted the entire thematic essence of the film but its visual essence as well . it did n't even make any sense : the earth was supposed to be ravaged by wars . but hollywood , with characteristic cowardice , trembled in fear at the thought of actually challenging an audience . rick deckard 's fate at the end of the director 's cut is far more memorable than the nonsense inflicted on theater viewers in 1982 , and the subsequent vhs audience . it reminds me of what orion pictures did to george romero 's monkeyshines . ( since when does a romero film end with two people grinning at each other like lovesick idiots ? ) or how about the " happy ending " grotesquely grafted onto terry gilliam 's brazil ? the extra footage between deckard and rachael , while not extensive , enriches the characterizations , however modestly , and the brief dream sequence pays off by the end . the only thing i regret is that the extra bloody footage - in the eye gouging and hand impaling scenes - found on the old vhs tape was not included in the director 's cut . which means that this is not fully the director 's cut : the material was left out to garner the sacred , almighty " r " rating upon the film 's re-release , as it was the first time around . one would think it would have been restored on dvd , but warner , with their predictable spinelessness and artistic ineptitude , decided against it . they probably rationalized it by saying to themselves that ridley scott would have wanted it that way . can anyone say " eyes wide shut " ? the fact that there are viewers course enough to value the " theatrical cut " and loathe the improved and definitive edit of the film may only go to show that hollywood may not be underestimating their intelligence and artistic sensitivity after all . and " definitive " the director 's cut is : despite the one hesitation over the missing bloody footage , there is no doubt that this is the only version of the film that should ever be viewed again , by anyone .
this was an excellent experience . my movies arrived very promptly and i have had the pleasure of watching them numerous times . everything went well ; the dvd 's were still in their original wrapping and excellent condition ! i will definitely order from here again
i really like this video because of its time ( 30 minutes regular with 10 min bonus segment = 40 min total ) and i like the instructor . janice is really good , calm , cues well , doesnt talk a lot , and is not overly inspiring . she clearly points out the person who will be doing alternative/low impact moves and then continues on . there is nothing complicated about the moves and they are very easy to learn - no hard choreography either . i use this w/ a compliment of other videos and it continues to be one i enjoy to return to . there are 3 segments each focusing on a different section : core , upper and lower body . the bonus segment is a high impact/faster segment combining all elements . worth the time
an amazing film ! not only is it a fantastic adventure , but the story is well laid out . just the right amount of special effects , great music and good actors . when seeing this movie at the theater i was not too excited , but when watching it a couple more times realized how awesome it really is . not nearly as gory as gladiator , but is similar in style . 5 out of 5
i have read just about every book and watched just about every movie that there is regarding robert kennedy , and i 've got to say that this is , by far , one of the best pieces of work i 've yet to see . the movie was brilliantly put together in a way which captures the audience 's attention , allows for us to actually * feel * what robert kennedy is feeling , to sense the tension during chaotic times , and most importantly , to understand the wonderful man who made a huge difference for america . this movie is extremely well-balanced , provides excellent insight to the inner mind/heart of robert kennedy , and includes many very personal excerpts either via interview or editing of films from kennedy 's life . if you are looking to pick one movie on robert kennedy - this is it . this is the one you want to watch . after watching this , you will see robert kennedy in a way you never have before .
i just finished watching most of it , and it 's not too bad . the thing that most struck me is it does n't take very long to see which were the eras for superman that had the most influence on bryan singer . he spent quite a bit of time explaining how hard it was for them to get superman started , then we 're quickly through the comics and the kirk alyn eras , then it slows down for a long retrospective of the george reeves years , both in superman and the mole men and the adventures of superman , then it blows through again through the comics and the animated series of the 50s , 60s and 70s , then stops again for a lengthy study of superman : the movie , then briefly about superman ii , superman iii , superman iv : the quest for peace and superboy , then briefly on lois & clark : the new adventures of superman and superman : the animated series , and then we slow down again for a lengthy study of smallville , and then it becomes a big commercial for superman returns . or at least that 's how i perceived it . singer 's got great respect for george reeves , superman : the movie ( and christopher reeve ) , and smallville ... and that 's pretty much it . most anything else , he quickly blew through as if it were completely non-consequential . well , except for his own movie , but i expected that part ; produced by bryan singer and narrated by kevin spacey , you 'd have to be pretty stupid not to realize that at least a chunk of it would be dedicated to selling the new movie . i had to turn it off at that point . not that i disliked superman returns , but as soon as kevin spacey said how the actors in superman returns were " perfect " for their roles and then began discussing way-too-young kate bosworth as lois lane , i started getting nausiated . i will give credit , they were remarkably honest with their assessments of the various projects . i loved it when annette o'toole , a self-avowed fan of the character who played lana lang in superman iii and martha kent on smallville , expresses shock that there was actually a superman iv ( " there was a superman iv ! ? i never saw that one ! " - she did n't miss much ) ; i thought it was refreshing that though they never got nasty about stuff , if a movie was a disappointment or a comic storyline flopped , they pretty much admitted it . and i liked that ilya salkind was willing to take some of the blame for the bad blood that happened behind the scenes of superman : the movie and superman ii ; it reflected well on him that he did n't just blame richard donner , as he might have been apt to do while they were doing their fighting back in the day . but i do think it needed more balance . we did n't need to spend quite so much time watching clips of george reeves or of seeing christopher reeve with his sweat stains ; those moments and the stuff from smallville could have been trimmed down nicely to give more time to other elements , perhaps more of the animated series/justice league unlimited era or to lois and clark . there were also some moments where they went back to talking about the comics , even though it was periods where nothing significant was happening in the comics ; as if someone said , hey , we have n't acknoweledged that the comics are still in production at this point , we should say something . thus too making the whole thing feel dry and unbalanced . btw , i recognized a comic from my own personal collection ! there 's a three-panel shot at one moment where the ground is scorched into the " s " symbol , then a hand comes up out of the dirt and then clark appears and walks off . i have that comic -- it 's an alternate storyline issue , the first time they kill off superman and in the same issue , superman and lois wed ( and this was all long before doomsday ) . it 's actually a very cool story .
saw the names kathy bates , barry manilow and julie andrews , so had to give it a view . best film ever . best lines in a film ever as well , " julie andrews is in the cockpit . " " thank god . "  that alone has enriched my life beyond measure
only the timidity of the studios could explain how this movie landed on the shelves without even a mention - it 's up to word of mouth to save it . and it 's certainly worth saving . nobody does the " awakening matron " like kathy bates ( see " fried green tomatoes " ) , and her grace beasley is a delight as she finds her backbone and her voice . she needs it . her daughter-in-law ( meredith eaton ) is an acid-tongued dwarf with no inhibitions , and dan ackroyd is the wettest blanket this side of the johnstown flood . after being dumped by her husband , patronized by her son , and deprived of her grandson , grace has no choice but to look after herself . grace goes to england to attend the funeral of her idol - jonathan pryce in fine voice and having the time of his life - and meets his gay lover , rupert everett . after swallowing her shock , the unlikely pair returns to chicago to track down pryce 's murderer . the performances are all fine , the pace is feathery , the music easy on the ear...it 's all whimsical and preposterous , and the kind of movie that will have you laughing out loud when you 're sitting home alone...the ultimate test of a comedy . " unconditional love " passes the test . enjoy it and spread the word
i love this video . i get up before anyone else so that i can do this video and sometimes the meditation at the end runs a little long . it 's a fantastic meditation , though , that centers me for the entire day . ravi singh has a wonderful and soothing voice that leads me through the entire video and makes everything clear . ana brett does the poses very clearly , and even shows easier ways for beginners to do the more difficult poses . i have already recommended this video to friends
this dvd is a must have for anyone interested in beginning kundalini yoga . the moves flow into each other easily and you can go at your own pace . this dvd has everything : meditation , relaxation , mantras , stretching , wonderful music , beautifully narrated and professionally presented . highly recommended ! ! !
" office space " is a very funny comedy . many parts of the film were a delight . in the beginning , when everyone is stalled in traffic , i knew the feeling . working at initech corporation as a computer programmer makes for one dull job in the life of peter gibbons ( ron livingston ) . besides having a job he hates , he is enclosed in a cubicle as everyone else is . then there is his boss lumbergh--an arrogant jerk . life for peter gibbons is just one boring day after another . that is until he decides to go see a counselor at the suggestion [ and demands ] of his then girlfriend . while undergoing hypnotic suggestion , the psychologist dies of a heart-attack . but peter is now a changed man . he no longer cares about his job , and says whatever 's on his mind . and his boss lumbergh gets a healthy dose of this new peter . when peter learns of the impending layoff [ courtesy of john c. mcginley and his partner ] at initech corporation , he decides to hatch an idea of ripping off the company with a computer virus . his two fellow co-workers and friends are only too happy to go along : afterall , they 're part of the layoff 's . and on top of that , the company men want to make peter a supervisor . this film is funny on many levels . with jennifer anniston as the love interest of peter , and the character actors that make up the film--it makes for an enjoyable watch . jennifer anniston 's character and her dealings with her boss and his " flairs " are also funny . this is a highly recommended comedy . i 'm sure we can all relate to some of the funny scenes that are played out in the film between peter and his boss lumbergh . and the character of his boss lumbergh is delightfully hilarious : especially the way he talks . the whole movie is very funny and wonderful . highly recommended .
( 3.5/5 stars ) listless beings meandering about the mall aimlessly , ashen-faced with blank stares ; where is the horror in that ? sounds like a typical sunday afternoon at the mall to me . in fact , dawn of the dead ( 1978 ) really does seem more like an action movie than it does a horror film . more or less picking up where " night of the living dead " left off , zombies are on the hunt for prey across pennsylvania . four people arm themselves to the teeth with guns and other gear in order to survive the onslaught of lurching zombies . they take refuge in a shopping mall , which provides just about everything they need . they work together as a team and bond in the process of learning they need one another to endure . the walking dead are motivated by hunger alone and do n't bring much in the way of strategy . it would be like shooting fish in a barrel if they were n't so tenacious . the four know they need to hurry out of there because there is talk on the tv of bombing areas of high zombie concentration . they have hope this epidemic is limited in area and that they will be able to find refuge among the living elsewhere . what does fate have in store for them ? " the night of the living dead " took place , obviously , at night and in the dark , which provided a much more frightening backdrop . it was also in black and white , which masked the deficiencies of the inexpensive zombie make-up . this is not the case with " dawn of the dead , " which is in color and takes place during daylight . the " zombies " are people dressed as they normally would , but with their faces painted grey . the result is anything but scary . tom savini 's effects are hit and miss , though always disgusting . nonetheless , this is a decent film that features some above-par acting and a decent script . the anchor bay divimax dvd is also noteworthy , with a clean transfer and dts sound mix . an extra    star for the effort .
kickboxer came out a year after the highly popular " bloodsport " and like bloodsport , kickboxer is no doubt a " van damme classic " . there are plenty of fights and lots of good training sequences , however the acting suffers - worse than bloodsport in that department . as for the plot - revenge - go figure . but we do n't need good acting and plot to enjoy this movie . hey , it came to the point a good american martial art movie strives off of bad acting and weak plots so you can focus more on the action . fortunately , kickboxer delivers it well . the movie begins with a couple of good fights right away . about 1/2 of the movie is training sequences , but many are enjoyable to watch . the final fight is between the villain , tong po ( played by michel qissi ) and kurt sloane ( van damme ) . its a rather lenghty fight , about 10 minutes , which is nice . above all else , they fight with hands wrapped in rope with broken glass glued on , and yes the result is some blood during the fighting . kickboxer is the only martial art movie i know of that used this " ancient thai style of fighting " ( with the exception of kickboxer 2 and a small scene in ring of fire ) . i really enjoyed this . i also enjoyed michel qissi . he had maybe one line in the movie , but still succeeded in making tong po a great villain , who also will return in the sequal . lastly , we ca n't forget to mention the van damme dance - napoleon dynamite would be proud . also keep an eye out for ong soon han ( main villain in both bloodsport 2 and dragon : the bruce lee story ) , who has a short fight against tong po about 1/2 way through the movie
i have trouble saying how much i enjoyed this movie . the plot was well worn , but it did n't feel staid or plodding . visually , the movie is simply stunning . absolutely some of the best visuals i have seen in years . the jim henson company outdid themselves this time
maybe you 've heard that " it 's all been done before . " gaiman and mckean prove that wrong with this unique movie . it really is something new . mckean has worked for years in the comic industry , defining a visual style that works at a visceral level . the style has many ways to look , depending on the combination of collaged photos and painterly fantasy . some times mckean 's work evokes sculpture in concrete or stone , other times it 's a pen-scrawl of some horrible fear trying to waken . disparate elements come together on his canvas to create a rich visual experience . i never imagined that such painterly fantasy worlds could come to life - well , i was wrong . this movie 's imagery defies easy description . i can only invite you to see it for yourself , and to experience a movie that is truly like no other . the small-screen video makes me regret missingn the big-screen theater experience . the sound track generally works well , too , from the surreal drone of mrs. bagwell 's victrola to the nightmare chant of the jill-in-the-boxes during helena 's transformation . i 'm not normally one to notice , but mirrormask 's music complements its look flawlessly . you did n't come here for the story : light and dark in conflict , lost mystic artifact , plucky youth , untrustworthy side-kick . the acting does n't distinguish itself either , despite some great hissing from the evil queen and good moments from the sphinxes . stephanie leonidas does a good job in the helena role , with a convincing sulky/sultry mix . if you liked the acting in the original dr. who series , this will rise to your highest expectations . the story is n't the strength here . you 'll see it and remember it for creating a look that others are sure to copy . //wiredweir
i 'm another of those who saw this at sundance , and all the things i enjoy about gaiman and mckean 's graphic novels were on display : the quiet humor , the intelligence , the delightful weirdness , the astounding visual vocabulary . except that in this case , the words are spoken by good actors , and all those visuals get up off their feet and move . it 's hard to describe the impact of watching a mckean painting move and talk . there might be those who quibble about the movie looking too " animated , " but of course that 's exactly the point : to create a world and make it dance . the end result , visually at least , is like nothing you 've ever seen before , and absolutely worth seeing for that reason alone . some of the people i talked to after the screening also loved the visuals but felt the story was a bit dull , that they had seen it all before . well , it 's true that the story does wear its influences on its sleeve--a little " alice in wonderland " here , a little " time bandits " there , a lot of " wizard of oz " over here , not to mention a resemblance to gaiman 's own " coraline . " but i 'm just as familiar with those stories as anyone else , and the resemblances never interrupted my enjoyment of " mirrorrmask " --after all , it 's what you do with a story that determines its success . and from moment to moment , there was enough innovation and cleverness , enough delight and wonder , to make the movie a positive delight . when the movie came out in theaters i went to see it again , and there was a little girl about six years old in the row ahead of me who sat through the whole thing with eyes agog ; then a friend of mine tried to show the dvd to her young son but he got completely creeped out by the spider-thingie . ( hey , in " wizard of oz " the moment when the witch appears in the crystal ball had exactly the same effect on me--yet it lingered in memory , and when i got older i was drawn back and fell in love with the movie . that 's how this stuff works . ) " mirrormask " was probably a little too wild to be a full-out commercial success ; but i bet it 's going to have a long , long shelf life on dvd as people pull it out to tell their friends " wait till you see this .
i loved this movie . it was very touching and projected a wonderful image . it was a rare find
excelente concierto en el castillo slane en irlanda , bono se entrega a su publico , buen sonido , buenas imagenes , magnificos extras . lo recomiendo dos horas de u
my hat 's off to sean penn for having the nerve to take this role , and then really committing to the role , he committed way too much though . his performance is so over the top he would have qualified for the pole vault in the sydney olympics merely by forwarding a copy of this dvd to the judges . dakota fanning is as precious as ever and i hope she can avoid all the trappings of child stardom that have sapped some of the best child actors of the last 30 years ( todd bridges , jill whelan , eve plumb ) . i was not put off by all the commercial tie-ins and know that making a movie has a lot of expenses .
i am sam is superb to the core . excellent performances across the board , and an emotionally involving story . sean penn is believable as someone who is mentally challenged . this is a veritable tour de force for him . but not to be upstaged is dakota fanning , who plays opposite of penn and is named lucy diamond after the hit beatles song . sean penn 's character has to fight for custody of lucy , and luckily he retains the services of a good lawyer , played by michelle pfeiffer , for free . she helps him as best she can and so do some mentally challenged friends and a caring neighbor . all in all , a very beautiful movie with plenty of heart and goodness . one of my favorites
this , as you may have already read , was a very intimate little show made to promote morning view . the live footage is as good as it gets , and the sound is flawless to boot . this dvd really gives you a good idea at how amazing incubus is live . most all of the songs sound as if it was the band merely pretending to play while the studio version plays over the speakers . every song is a favorite of mine , and i absolutely love the way brandon mixed things up on pardon me . plus the little comments brandon makes in between songs is a nice little touch . i still watch this after having it over a year and find little things that i never noticed before which makes this that much more sweet . the bonus features are splendid as well . if you watched everything this dvd has to offer it would take up about 1/2 of your day probably , there 's that much on here . just a few of the extras that are crammed on here are a couple of jam sessions of various songs , brandon recording warning ( a lot of this song is a capella ) , and incubus showing how funny they really are . the original cut of the wish you were here video is also on this , which is pretty humerous . a few of the best songs on here are pardon me , the warmth , warning , new skin , and nice to know you . as amazing and funny as the special features are , the standout is really the performance . i ca n't find any words that would do this show justice . i guess you just have to see it and judge for yourself
this is without a doubt the dvd to own if you wan na see how 5.1 should sound and how digital video should look . if you own an hd tv and have a 5.1 system you must have this . the crowd has been minimalized . whoever directed this did a fantastic job , you get to see a little of what every member is doing throughout a song . incubus mixes up the set list a lil too putting some old favorites in there ( glass , sounds great ) . this is the best concert dvd out right no
i have read many reviews of this movie and got tired of the stupid reasons many people have to complain about this movie . most comments are so ridiculous , that you can easily tell they might have a deeper reason why to destroy this movie even though they know is good . well i hope this comments are read by the right people who are not brainless as many others . the movie was full packed with action . the 2 t-rex 's attacking the man in the car , is just one of the many great scenes , the stegosaurus attack , was so good , the raptors scenes kept me attached to my seat , scenes on the cliff were so good , dinosours loosed all over the island was very intense . t-rex on the san diego , one of the favorite sequences for many people . my favorite sequences were on the island though . the movie is intense and full of action . excellent sequel if not better . maybe some people have not noticed but on this page you can find that the movie was a total success on the whole world whether you like it or not , it made $ 614 millions world wide . on the other side , the movie was nominate for :  oscar : best effects , visual effects  saturn award : best director , steven spielberg ; best fantasy film ; best performance by a younger actor/actress , vanessa lee chester ; best special effects , best supporting actor , pete postlethwaite  blockbuster entertainment award : favorite actor - sci-fi jeff goldblum ; favorite actress - sci-fi , julianne moore  grammy awards : best instrumental composition written for a motion picture or for television  between many others , & 3 wons . after this is said , i 'm very sure spielberg is very satisfied with the results of this sequel . and you know why ? because the movie was made to entertain and satisfy all dinosaurs lovers out there , and it did . the is just forgetting once again , how to watch a movie , get disconnected from first parts , and watch the sequel as if it was a total new movie , and value it for what it is , and not for was is supposed to be , better than the first part . sequels are not made to overpass the success of the first part , they 're made to give you more , of what they know for sure you enjoy on the original movie , but because of the time issue , was not included on the first one . go get them all 3 and watch all as if it was just one movie , and then think , if is really bad . i know for sure that millions of people , who saw the movie around the world , thought the same i did : excellent movie ! ! ! !
" hello vietnam,and greetings ! " ,says bruno kirby as lt. steven hauk in one scene of this film . it was this scene where he filled in for radio personality adrian cronauer ( robin williams ) who was on reportedly on special assignment . adrian arrives in vietnam from america via aircraft . at first the military brass was delighted to have him grace the vietnam radio airwaves . but they discover that adrian 's brand of humor is outrageous,very much like howard stern in real life . they also disagree with the rock 'n roll music he is playing . hey,this was ( set in ) 1965 and rock 'n roll was dominating the music world especially with the beatles and the rolling stones from the united kingdom . when adrian and lt. hauk first met,the lieutenant told adrian that he was sort of a comedian himself . when the lieutenant first heard adrian on the air,the lieutenant was not pleased at all with adrian 's stint . " you oughta stick to playing 'normal modes of music',not wild stuff " ,lt. hauk told adrian in a meeting . the 'normal modes of music ' refer to easy listening artists like andy williams,perry como,mantovani,jim nabors,lawrence welk,frank sinatra and percy faith . " would bob dylan be out of line ? " ,adrian asks lt. hauk and the lieutenant replies , " way,way,way out of line ! " . adrian becomes popular with the fighting men in vietnam and they hoped that adrian would permanently do his morning show there . the brass decides to suspend adrian,bringing heartbreak to fans . when lt. hauk did his stint,many listeners wrote and telephoned about how they wanted adrian back on the air . one listener said in a letter , " captain hauk sucks the sweat off a dead man 's balls . " another wrote to lt. hauk , " you suck,eat a bag of s--t ! " . so adrian is back on the air but not for long because sgt . dickerson ( the late j.t . walsh ) ,the top man of the brass,demanded that adrian be cancelled . sgt . dickerson 's superior loves adrian and even demanded his reinstatement . sgt . dickerson is transferred to guam since his superior grew tired of the seargeant 's abusive attitude . the title of this film is how adrian began his morning show . on the very last show done by adrian 's friend lt. ed garlick ( forrest whittaker ) ,ed began the show saying , " good morning,vietnam " ,just like adrian . ed tells listeners about adrian 's departure from vietnam . we hear adrian saying , " goodbye,vietnam " in a pre-recorded message . adrian also left vietnam because of his association with a criminal who 's the brother of a vietnamese woman adrian befriended . other funny scenes include adrian teaching the vietnamese how to use profanity,adrian doing a parody of the late richard m. nixon on the air and adrian doing a live performance for a group of fighting soldiers while they were in a parked truck enroute to a battlefield . this film was a megahit for both williams and director barry levinson . they were both at least nominated for academy awards . levinson did win a best director oscar for his next film,rain man . this film was released theatrically in late 1987 just like three men and a baby . both films were made by touchstone pictures,a division of buena vista pictures . three men and a baby was a megahit as well . both films were still in theatres by spring 1988 . three men and a baby inspired a sequel,why did n't gmv ? obviously nobody had any ideas,not even mitch markowitz who composed the screenplay
i remember seeing this film when i was 7 or 8 years old and it scared me senseless . seeing people getting their heads chopped off and mutalated from who knows what that flies around a big city gave me an uneasy eerie feeling . i did n't know what the name of this movie was and i was looking for it in the video stores . i stumbled onto this accidentally and taking my chances of this being the dragon in the sky killing people movie that i saw 20 years ago , i bought it . after seeing it again , this is the movie that scared me to death so many years ago . though , by today 's standards , this movie is rather cheap and cheesy , it still gave me that uneasy eerie feeling . this movie is original , having a flying dragon that is summoned by ritual killings , that eats people like birds eat worms . this movie is a hybrid of godzilla and slasher flicks . this is definately b-movie material , but it 's fun to watch and brings back some childhood memories... and that is worth more than the price of admission
i bought this for my husband , because i knew he liked seven samurai . he was delighted with the gift , and i was surprised to find that i really like these movies too . they are entertaining and insightful and a pleasure to watch
the greatest show ever to hit t.v . you will never know what happens next on this show and that is one of the many elements that make this show great,it always keeps you guessing and wanting more.c.t.u ( counter terrorist unit ) and c.t.u operative jack bauer ( keifer sutherland ) try and stop terrorist threats all within 24 hours which is in real time . what i like about this show is that keifer sutherlands character jack bauer is not afraid to do what ever it takes to stop a terrorist threat even if it is going against c.t.u or the president . another great aspect of the show is they are not afraid to kill off main characters that you grow to love on the show , so you will never now what is going to happen next which keeps you wanting more . you still reading , stop and go buy the first season right now . hell , buy all 4 right now thats how good it is
what a splendid teacher is this ! a soothing , captivating movie . the students are most endearing . i found it interesting that , in the special features interview with the guy who made this movie , he refers to the teacher as " the teacher " and not by his name , georges lopes . this moviemaker appears to be of the opinion that there are a lot of teachers who could have filled this role as well , or nearly as well . well let me tell you , he is wrong . this teacher is special . there are not very many teachers as patient and diplomatic and considerate on this entire planet as georges lopez
i really bought this dvd on a whim . there is no question why this production won an emmy . " one voice " the very last song in the concert is worth the price of dvd . seriously stunning
if you love manilow , you will enjoy this dvd of a great entertainer . all the old hits plus many new ones.this dvd is almost like being there
tim burton 's " ed wood , " a surreal bio-pic is one of the most entertaining , inspiring , and funny bio-pics i 've seen . no wonder really since it 's directed by one of the best directors around and written by two of the best bio-pic writers scott alexander & larry karaszewski ( who , after this film , would pen the larry flynt bio-pic " the people vs. larry flynt " and the andy kaufman bio-pic " man on the moon " ) . it 's also got an amazing cast of actors , including oscar nominee johnny depp ( best actor , 'finding neverland ' ) , oscar winner martin landau ( best supporting actor , 'ed wood ' ) , sarah jessica parker ( 'failure to launch ' ) , patricia arquette ( 'true romance ' ) , jeffrey jones ( 'deadwood ' ) , and oscar nominee bill murray ( best actor , 'lost in translation ' ) . depp plays edward d. wood jr. , an aspiring filmmaker who 's down on his luck and lives with his girlfriend dolores fuller ( parker ) . after hearing about a film being made about a transsexual , without a script , ed pens a script called " glen or glenda . " the movie is kind of close to ed 's heart , because ed likes to dress in woman 's clothes . but he 's not gay . while walking past a shop that sells coffins ed meets the actor bela lugosi ( landau ) , who played dracula in the classic universal film and recruits him to star in the glen or glenda film . the movie immediately bombs and is called one of the worst films ever made . not letting it get him down , ed goes to work on his next film " bride of the atom . " after a few more films and meeting a few new people , including wrestler tor johnson ( george " the animal " steele ) , tv personality vampira ( lisa marie ) , and psychic criswell ( jones ) ; ed goes on to make his masterpiece " plan 9 from outer space . " the latter is the only film i 've ever seen by ed wood . while the movie has been called the worst film ever made , it was n't bad . it 's campy and stupid ; you can definitely see why it would be considered bad back then , but it was entertaining and fun to watch . ed wood was an interesting , and quirky , guy...which tim burton makes perfectly clear here and depp does a great job bringing wood to life . martin landau gives his finest performance as bela lugosi , he disappears behind the persona . he looks and sounds like lugosi . another thing i liked about the film was that it shows us the bright time in ed wood 's life , through his first film to his " masterpiece . " we hear the downside of his life through the epilogue . this movie is , in the end , a loving tribute to " b " movies that is over-the-top yet perfect . as i said , the movie is very funny . especially , landau who gets some of the best lines as lugosi . bill murray co-stars as ed 's transsexual friend bunny . grade : a-
what can i say... " the humbler " ..kinda says it all...just watch him play . looks easy ya say ? ? i 've been playing now for 30 years...still wish i could play like that ! ! very " down to earth " video reveals quite alot of ideas and licks.. . ......have fu
this movie sounded stupid when i first heard about it . who could make a 2 hour movie based on stripping at a club and have it make sense ? obviously , ice cube could . this movie stars lisaraye in her film debut as diana , who is known to the stripping world as diamond , a hardworking college student who needs a better way to pay to get herself through school . while working at a shoe store , she meets trixie ( adele givens ) and ronnie ( chrystale wilson ) . they convince her into quitting her low-paying job and working at the player 's club , a run down joint owned by a lowlife loser named dollar bill ( bernie mac ) . when diana 's cousin ebony ( monica calhoun ) comes into town , she tells diana that she wants to work at the player 's club . ebony gets caught up in this world and is drowning in the lows of " using what you 've got to get what you want " . this movie is a thrill ride and the fight scene towards the end is the best part of the movie . featured in the movie are jamix foxx , a.j . johnson , and john amos . the plot is perfect and the script is well written . this movie has to be one of my favorite
i do n't think so , be it in the jungle , a new york high rise or at sea . hepburn & tracy were great , no argument . but they were so modern & urbane , not rowdy & sexy , always fighting like harlow & gable . china seas is a fine example of this chemistry . yeah , & its a pretty good story too . gable is capt . gaskell , skipper of a passenger/merchant ship running from hong kong to singapore . harlow is the floozie , dolly , he had a fling with on shore . the ship is carrying gold . there is a terrific typhoon , & a pirate raid in which the ship is seized for a while . they torture the captain , but he does n't reveal where the gold is . dolly is mixed up in a conspiracy with a crewman , wallace berry , against the captain because she is mad at him . she of course changes her mind . the captain is trying to ditch dolly & thinks he 's meant for lady sybil , played by rosalind russell , an old flame . but he & dolly really are in love . unfortunately the collaborations between harlow & gable was cut short at five movies with harlow untimely & early death several years later .
let me clear this up....if you are a true exercise fanatic , this dvd is for you . i 've done every dvd exercise program including taebo and this ranks in my top 2 . taebo is awesome for the cardio but when it comes down to muscle tone , this dvd is tops . the background music and background exercise people are the least of my worries , you have to concentrate on the exercises she does to tone your body ! ! ! these exercises are an all over workout . my favorite part is the 20 minute arm workout , my arms never looked so good ! ! she works the hell out of you and it took me a few times to get through it but if you want to tone up and get in shape , just put in this dvd and be prepared to sweat ! ! !
cameron crowe , rene zelleweger , cuba gooding and tom cruise were all at the top of their game . the superlative fluidity and cinematic thrill of this successful feature was facilitated by experienced actors in sync , and guaranteed by superb production and studio crafts . a timeless classic - in a class of its own .
oh my god this has to be the best film i have ever seen in my life . first things first , how did they train that monkey , he is as clever as einstein . my pal mickso said its just a guy in a suit but that son of a gun is n't fooling me clap ! clap ! clap ! well done mr monkey ! anyways i 'd highly recommend this film.....and joining a stamp collecting club , they 've both changed my life forever , in fact i hope to grow up to be a stamp collecting monkey actor....... with as many casio watches as i can eat . this is kevin kennedy signing out dudes ; o
i remember watching anne of green gables when i was a little girl with my sister , over and over again . laughing everytime anne broke her slate on gilberts head , or when she accidently dyed her hair green , or when she waxes poetic about her " bosom friend " . it made me smile and laugh then and still does now as a 25 year old . i would recommend this movie for anyone young or old . it is a beautiful heartwarming movie , with gorgeous scenery , unforgettable characters , and plenty of moments to laugh and cry
it 's a ritual for my 5 year ld daughter and her dad to watch samurai jack before bed . back when she was 3 , and it was played on cartoon network , they made sure to watch it together . now that cartoon network is retarded and they do n't play it anymore , i 've bought seasons 1 and 2 . i just wish it was played on cartoon network like it used to be . ...jill henrichse
marc singer is a bloke from england who moved to new york city , saw all these homeless sleeping on the streets , and became friends with them . they in turn trusted him , accepted him as one of their own , and showed him their secret living quarters . deep underground in abandoned train tunnels , the homeless erected huts out of anything scavenged off the streets . intelligent and resourceful , they had hooked up to free electricity and had working tv 's and stoves . what makes this documentary five stars instead of four is the making of documentary . only there do you learn that the movie crew were the tunnel folks . only there do you learn how singer made this movie with no money , equipment , or knowledge of filmmaking . this movie took six years from start to finish . unfortunately , it was not the financial success its producers hoped for . but it resonates unbelievably . the deleted scenes are not to be missed , although some are much better than others . the one where a man talks about how his cousin killed a cat for food , and the scene where two young men talk in x-rated detail about recent sexual activities lent nothing to the film
another reviewer has said that 5 stars are not enough for this film . i 'll second that opinion . if you have seen the remake with michael douglas , pretend you have n't and watch the way it should be done . if you 've seen neither version of the film , get this one and get ready for anything . this is above all a classically sarcastic farce between two misfits who have amazing chemistry together . both peter falk and alan arkin are marvelous craftsmen , and their combination of silliness and genuine rolicking humor is blended in an almost non-stop pace from beginning to end . again ( as i 've said in other of my reviews ) , minor characters are important . ed begley as the cia boss adds weight and color to that aspect of the plot , and richard libertini as the south american dictator ( i 've never seen him play a sane character ) adds another kind of raucous fun . this is a comedy for anyone who appreciates true comedy . and if you meet anybody who has seen the film , just scream , " surpentine ! surpentine ! " and watch them fall apart
this comedy starring ( martin short ) , and ( kurt russell ) is pretty funny . when i first watched it , i was n't really impressed with it , but now i find it pretty funny . i think that ( kurt russell ) , as captain ron was pretty funny . however , it was the antics of ( martin short ) , who hires captain ron to sail his ship in the caribbean , that was the funniest character in the film . the story begins when a relative of ( short ) dies , leaving him a ship , which is moored at a small caribbean island . the wife ( mary kay place ) who is not too pleased at going to the island , decides to go along with this mid-life crises of ( short ) ; on condition that an experienced sailsman help them with the boat . enter captain ron ( kurt russell ) . he is a very strange and quirky fellow , to the uptight and anxious ( martin short ) . however , since ( short ) knows nearly nothing about boating , he decides to hire captain ron on the suggestion and recommendation of the man who is interested in buying the boat . therefore , captain ron , who is not very bright to begin with , leads the family [ including short 's two children ] on a cruise through the caribbean : and he is a very eccentric character . harmless , but funny . what ensues is a funny interaction between ( short ) and ( russell ) on their voyage . including a scene where ( russell ) warns ( short ) not to stray from one particular islands path , due to guerilla 's on the island . which ( short ) interpets as gorilla 's . a very funny scene . recommended , it is a family watch that your children can enjoy
judy garland , marlena deitrich , shirley bassey , and marilyn monroe are l.v . 's ( short for little voice ) best friends in the world ! on 33 1/3 lp 's , that is ! l.v . hoff , played specactularly by absolutely fabulous ' miss jane horrocks , is a timid , shy , mousy young girl who cloisters herself in her bedroom day after day and plays her dear , dead father 's record collection over and over again . you see , l.v . and her boisterous , overbearing , abusive pig of a mother , mari played wonderfully by the great brenda blethyn live above the family business , hoff records . enter telephone men george and billy , ( philip jackson & ewan mcgregor ) . they install mari 's first phone in the hoff 's small flat . billy is a backward chap himself with only his homing pigeons as friends but once he meets l.v. , he is smitten and so is she . mari , always on the lookout for a new beau , finds one in talent producer , ray say , played by a great michael caine . so great , in fact that michael was nominated for an oscar for his performance of the producer/womanizer/lothario mr. ray say . after ray hears l.v . singing in her upstairs bedroom he knows he has found a star and pawns everything he owns to make money and exploit l.v . 's singing talent . l.v . debuts at mr. boo 's ( jim broadbent ) variety club but gets a terrible case of stage fright and ends up being " booed " off the stage . of course , ray wants l.v . to try again so under the influence of ray , mari and her friend sadie , played by annette badland , l.v . agrees to do one more show . l.v . is a hit with her impersonations of all her and her father 's favorite singers and actors . ray makes a boatload of money , wants l.v . to come away with him , mari gets jealous and lots of other crazy things happen with a shocker of an ending that you wo n't forget ! this movie was adapted from the stage play of the same name that was written especially for jane horrocks in mind as little voice . i do n't understand how miss horrocks was passed over for an oscar nomination herself . she is splendid in this film as is the whole cast of characters . highly recommended and happy watching !
is it a bad thing to see a movie and deem it good by standards different from which you would judge other movies ? let me explain . broken hearts club is a good movie . a little corny and certainly more than a little predictable . it does n't really do anything new . but , for a semi-mainstream gay film , it breaks all the rules . breeder hunks play femme gay men . there is no one with aids in the whole story . there are butch gay men in this movie . and no , none of the gay men has a best friend who is a single , white , straight female . can you handle it ? the movie is entertaining . the plot is sweet . the best part of the film is the style in which it is broken up . ala ' the television show frasier , the movie is split into sections by definitions flashed on screen to help explain the next scene . the best definition has to do with 'meanwhile' . 'meanwhile ' being the gay term to tell your friend when an attractive male walks by . and the movie itself is filled with 'meanwhiles . ' dean cain looks especially nice in this film and pulls off the character of a pretty boy with ease . go figure . john frasier leaves his comfortable role of an ex-cop on frasier to be the father-figure of this group of friends and the coach of their softball team . andrew keegan is the newbie of the group- recently outed gay man . finally , kerr smith , who has been playing a gay character on dawson 's creek for some time , play the token gay character on a softball team of macho , testosterone-oozing fireman
for every season , there is a classic movie . in our house , " a christmas story " tops the list when christmas rolls around . without a doubt this movie is a classic ! ralphie and his quest for the red ryder bb gun -- i do love this movie .
awesome college movie . my only regret is that i did not see this movie during my college years . alas , they have the dvd now ! yay !
based on the early-movie cliffhangers he used to watch in theaters , george lucas created something special : a re-invention of the entire adventure genre . these films waited a long time to make their bow on dvd , much too long for myself , personally . i always loved these films , they had everything to keep your attention riveted all the time . each of the three films is very different from the others . " raiders of the lost ark " , the first and best of the three , introduces us to indiana jones , perhaps lucas 's greatest creation . premiering in 1981 , this film was a smash , also receiving an oscar nomination for best picture . also starring was karen allen , perhaps the most even-matched female co-star for harrisan ford . it seemed she could give as good she got , and never backed down in any scene . second was " the temple of doom " , easily the darkest of the three , and the most intensely exciting . this film is a non-stop thrill ride from start to finish , and does n't really bother to delve too deeply into personal relationships or charactor . the third film , " the last crusade " , is possibly the most balanced in terms of plot and charactor , and has the wonderful sean connery to steal every scene he 's in . the interaction between indy and mr. jones is wonderful . if anyone was to ever play indiana jones ' father , it was sean connery . the forth disc in the set is nothing but bonus features , which are almost as entertaining as the films themselves . these films waited far too long to be released to dvd , and i lay the blame squarely on george lucas . i 've heard he really did n't think dvd would take off like it did , that it was just a phase . it 's great he finally realized his mistake and released these fine movies for everyone to enjoy . as with his " star wars " trilogy , the indiana jones films are cinematic history and should be required for all dvd collections
i saw this on pbs ' great performances . this documentary is about film genius akira kurosawa . the documentary charts akira kurosawa 's early life in pre-wwii japan to the end of his life . kurosawa brought japanese cinema to a world wide audience . i recommend this dvd for anyone who is a akira kurosawa fan . plus the dvd has 100 minutes of bonus interview footage not seen on the pbs program and kurosawa filmography
dietrich bonhoeffer is one of the religious figures who have most influenced my own spiritual journey . his books are unique among serious theologians in that he never forgets at any point that his subjects are never abstract doctrinal issues , but practical issues of the greatest moment . there is a great line in kierkegaard , in the preface to the sickness unto death , where he writes : " everything essentially christian must have in its presentation a resemblance to the way a physician speaks at the sickbed ; even if only medical experts understand it , it must never be forgotten that the situation is the bedside of a sick person . " what gives his books so much power is the context in which he wrote them , as he struggled to live out the implications of christianity at a time when it was especially challenging to do so . bonhoeffer was in so many ways a paradox and the documentary does a great job of showing this . raised in a secular home , he inexplicably decided to become a theologian and pastor . at a time when a host of right wing movements were overtaking germany , he espoused left wing political and social values . in an age of growing intolerance , he expressed a sympathy and understanding of both jews and blacks almost unprecedented in the germany of his time . and in an age when many theologians wrote academic works with little regard to how they should connect with real life , bonhoeffer was obsessed with the connections between thought and practice . what is most impressive in studying the life of bonhoeffer , whether through reading his books or eberhard bethge 's great biography or watching this documentary is the man 's fundamental goodness and dedication to doing what is right . if he had been catholic instead of protestant , he would surely by now have been declared a saint . he seems to have had the saint 's calmness and peacefulness . one is certain that he slept the sleep of the just . bonhoeffer was one of the most promising young theologians in weimar germany . had he lived in more peaceful times he certainly would have written a host of first-rate theological works . like his theological mentor , the great karl barth , who was himself the greatest theologian between luther and calvin and the present , he would have written works that explored the concrete role that religion must play in every day life . when hitler rose to power , bonhoeffer could easily have fled to the united states and taught through the course of the conflict and in fact had an appointment at union theological seminary in new york , which he left to return to germany . moreover , he joined the resistance against hitler and came to believe that it was his moral and religious duty to aid in the attempt to assassinate him . after an attempt to kill hitler through the use of an air pressure bomb placed on a plane failed ( for whatever reason it did not detonate as it should have ) , a host of suspected conspirators were arrested , including bonhoeffer . he spent the rest of his life in a nazi prison , dying at the hands of the nazis only a few days before the american armies liberated the concentration camp to which he was transferred near the end . if one reads his ethics one is impressed by sections such as the one on what it means to tell the truth . kant had famously argued that if a man that one suspects is angry enough to kill a particular person comes up and asks you where that person is , the moral law demands that you not lie to the would-be murderer ( though in kant 's defense it is n't clear that we are obligated to tell him where the intended victim is , but merely that we not lie ) . for bonhoeffer the situation is so much more complex . he knew about many facets of the conspiracy and merely refusing to answer the gestapo 's questions would have done much to confirm the existence of the conspiracy . bonhoeffer was forced to systematically fabricate a tissue of lies that would mislead the nazis as much as he could while protecting as many people as he could . this lends a sense of poignancy to his writing on what it means to tell the truth that is almost unbearable . reading between the lines , one realizes that bonhoeffer realized , contra kant , that " telling the truth " might actually entail lying to the best of one 's abilities . i had only one tiny complaint with the documentary . i love klaus maria brandauer as an actor . he is a powerful and subtle performer , but his voice on the dvd is very hard to understand . i do n't know if his accent is too thick or if the recording has too much bass to be clear . i found i could understand only a portion of what he was saying . anyone who is moved by this documentary should certainly look further into bonhoeffer 's life and thought . i once was privileged to be part of a group of thirty or so students who had a long conversation with eberhard bethge about bonhoeffer . bethge features prominently in the film . there is no question that if you were to read only one book on bonhoeffer , his magisterial biography is the place to go . it is massive , but it is unquestionably worth the effort . i love bonhoeffer 's ethics , but it might be a tad too academic for the lay reader . the cost of discipleship , in which he makes his famous distinction between cheap grace and costly grace , is a wonderful book and can easily be read by someone without a strong theological background . letters and papers from prison , which collects things written from the time of his arrest to the end of his life , is justly celebrated as a classic religious work . a testament to freedom : the essential writings of dietrich bonhoeffer is a very fine anthology that collects writings from every period of his life . i recommend this film as strongly as possible . to me bonhoeffer is one of the truly great christian heroes of the past century , though his courage and sacrifice offers equal inspiration to non-christians as well
bonhoeffer was a very informative , very interesting video . i first decided to watch it at the urge of my pastor . i watched the portion that pbs showed , and i wanted to see more , so i bought the dvd . i am glad that i did
love this dvd . i loved the live performance at the mtv awards . she has my vote
on hearing that warner bros was to issue a set of busby berkeley films , i ensured my dvd player was rendered region-free and then i waited . it was a dream finally come true . having been entranced by berkeley 's films since childhood i could hardly wait for the box to arrive . oh joy ! the quality of the dvds is wonderful and the added extras are very generous indeed , if some of these extras are not to one 's taste , then fair enough , but the vintage material is absolutely fascinating and cleaned up to match the quality of the main feature . it is a shame that the al jolson number was removed from the compilation disc because it was not intended to be racially offensive when it was produced , but today 's political correctness lobby inevitably takes its toll . that said , we are left with a plethora of magnificence from busby berkeley which gladdens the heart and which left me euphoric because the quality of the release exceeded my expectations . thank you warner bros for the tlc you have lavished on this set , and you , dear reader , if you have not experienced the work of this great director before , i urge you please , please consider buying it - i can guarantee you will not be disappointed . this was hollywood 's golden age , so now you have the chance to experience it , please do n't miss out
this is a great video collection of her past videos . i love it . from the sweet 'i wan na love you forever ' to the record label controlled image of 'irrisistible ' and 'a little bit ' i love the 'a little bit ' video but that was the time when she was controlled by her label which made her album flop . but overall this dvd is awesome . i like the footage from the dream chaser tour and the biography stuff . this is the best dvd before jennifer lopez 's the reel me .
look at my review for the movie soundtrack . i had a full vinyl copy of the voiced movie , but my mom sold it . i hate that fact , but there is n't a thing i can do about it . i wish i could get one back
this is the kind of movie i used to enjoy seeing a couple of times a year and now see , oh , about once every 10 years or so . an incredibly interesting , odd , provocative movie , that does n't insult its audience . the acting is phenomenal , the script is really interesting , and the characters are not people you 've seen 1000 times before . although it 's sort of about baseball , it 's not a baseball movie . it 's a pity that so few people want to see interesting movies like this . i loved this movie .
videodriome is a movie i 've been a fan of for years . i use the movie as a test to see if people are real movie and horror fans and not just posers . the best part of the film is that any day now fox will greenlight a reality tv show where twenty-somethings are killed in front of a live studio audience . if you 're new to the work of david croneburg- check this out asap and see what all the fuss is about . the criterion dvd is stacked with extras and the transfer is a thing of beauty .
yes , i thought the whoppi disclaimers were absurd ( how many generations have grown up with these cartoons , and now all of a sudden they 're " bad " ? ) i never saw disclaimers on cbs when i watched these cartoons on saturday mornings for years and years ! ! ! but aside from that , my main gripe is the organization . it would be better if they 'd organize these into eras ( i 'm not as big on the leon schlesenger era from the 30s/early 40s as i am on the fritz-era , and would rather these be organized chronologically . not that i do n't respect those early shorts for what they were , i just like the later ones better ) . regardless , as long as they keep releasing these i 'll still keep getting them , since cartoon network and nickelodean have completely removed them and decided that the new generation of kids " do n't have the attention span " to appreciate them ( i beg to differ , my kids love looney tunes ! ) , and replace them with garbage full of toilet humor ( which , apparently , is ok by the pc police.. .
i grew up in hannibal mo , so i am very familiar with mark twain 's writing and his humor . the make up is great as holbrook even looks like twain . holbrook is a great story teller , and he uses the material well , and makes it wa wonderful program . i saw a perfomance live in nyc years ago , and another one in my current home town . each time i see it again , it is still funny and a great performance
visconti 's film is significantly different from mann 's classic story . aside from the obvious changes ( aschenbach being a composer instead of a writer , etc ) , there are many subtle touches that deepen the ambiguity of the character . for example : in the book , aschenbach 's wife is dead , and his daughter is grown up and married away . in the film , his daughter dies in childhood , and it is not clear whether his wife is alive or not when he visits venice . another reviewer here called the film " ambient " ; i would add the word " poised . " the camera lingers on scenes for many minutes ; observations occur in planes of depth . the acting is often extremely subtle . the young man who plays tadzio looks as if he is sculpted of alabaster . compositions , lighting , settings , costumes and makeup are simply exquisite . imagine if this had been photographed in 65mm ! death in venice probably looks better here than it ever did in theaters . the dvd transfer is superb , based on what appears to be a spotless , pristine source . the wide panavision aspect ratio is faithfully preserved , anamorphically enhanced for 16 : 9 tvs . sadly , the original monaural soundtrack has not been remixed for stereo ; but execept for some occasionally muffled dialog ( which may be intentional ) , it still sounds very good . the post-mtv generation will find this film tough going . do n't buy this if you 're hoping to see police gondolas flip over and explode . :
i first viewed this film with a friend , in my home . he and i are both lovers of beautiful music and art . this film satisfies both categories . the score is absolutely magnificent and the views of venice , beautiful . the acting ( by main character dirk bogard ) is subtle but effective . we found this film to be a totally soul-satisfying experience .
excellent little known movie with viggo mortensen as an f.b.i . agent under deep cover to infiltrate japenese mob . great performances by all { michael nouri , a little over the top } great action and sentimentality when viggos character is torn between man who treats him like a son and duty as an agent after f.b.i makes deal with mobster nouri to make a hit on the yakuza
liam neeson was wonderful to watch - a tragic love story with great winter scenery and lots of cold breath shots . however , patricia arquette was too teenage giggly - not a terrific actress in this film , at least . still , a great role for neeson
one of the best movies i 've seen in ages ! ! ! most movies put me to sleep , i stayed awake the entire time . action , suspense , great flick !
upon watching the movie sick , i came to an all out conclusion of all other movies i had seen in the past . they will never compare to bob flanagans true life experience of living beyond the expected life span of a human with cf . this man truly took his illness by the balls and showed the viewer that pain can be an issue that is manipulated in an entirely different way . i found it very interesting how bob chose to be a slave to the woman he loves rather than a slave to his miserable disease . those who dare ; watch as bob experiences life through the vice of pain . those with weak stomaches , beware
great plot ! a crooked president who only thinks of himself and his needs ; a good hearted man named dave who thinks about others , and the only thing they have in common is their outward appearance . dave is called upon to sit in for the president and do his job for a while . two of the presidents regular staff try to get dave to do things that is contrary to dave 's character . so the story goes on from there . who will win the battle of crooked verses good in the white house . this dvd picture was good and clear , the sound was great , and the case was in excellent condition . if you like warm hearted type movies , then this is the one for you . i know i have enjoyed it over and over . to me , dave is about character , good or bad , and the choices we make in life that can affect others around us .
i was leaning towards giving it only three stars because it has certain weaknesses . but then i saw the ending , and it was a beautiful one . it always makes me happy to see love onscreen . the side story of a jealous rival geisha constantly hurting our hero was annoying . there really was n't any reason for it . another part of the story i found annoying was the lack of communication between the main characters . our hero was giving one man all the signals that she was interested , but she in fact was interested in a different man , who she was n't communicating with at all . i do n't like having to witness problems that make no sense to me . but then came that surprise ending , so warm and affectionate . that was nice
{ my review of the village mentions the sixth sense more than it does the village , so here it is . }  i do n't really want to talk a lot about this movie because i could spoil the effect . instead , i 'll talk about this filmmaker 's first movie . the sixth sense , also by m. night shyamalan . i first saw it in december 1999 , on a 20-hour flight from chicago to hong kong . my only flight out of the usa . the film really pulled me in , which i suspect is particularly difficult on an airplane . then , the ending . based on the article you just read , we can say that some viewers were n't surprised . me , i was blown the heck away and wanted to see it again . years later i finally did . i taught movie classes , this is a film i chose , and i saw it about a dozen times , fully aware of the ending . it had a bit more going for it than that . my only complaint is with people who think bruce willis was the star . the star is haley joel osment ! i may have missed out on " the surprise ending " because i was watching the kid instead of the shrink . bruce willis could probably star in a few more movies after he died and we 'd never notice . but i digress . the village is about a pilgrim-style village . some place quaint , rural , close knit and low tech . nobody from the village goes into the surrounding woods lest they encounter those we do not speak of . the acting was flawless and the scenery most certainly created a mood . shyamalan is a masterful writer , director and producer . but i had trouble caring about what happened to his characters . that could 've been my fault . saturday morning at 8 , jan was working , and my goal for the day was to pack for our impending move but i was too drained to begin . the neighbor had loaned us this dvd back in february , so i figured watching it and returning it to him was a good start . ( the same bad attitude that i brought to the sixth sense , right ? one of these days i 'm going to watch a shyamalan movie in the right frame of mind . )  " the ending . " how would you like to be a filmmaker judged solely on " the ending ? " in the case of the village , it worked for me . i thought about this film for days after seeing it . actually , i was trying to decide what to write in this review . how about this ? " shyamalan is a filmmaker of bold originality surviving in a commercialized medium . "  that 's a good thing , no matter what your opinion of each individual film is . i believe some critics are panning him , but i 'm not panning this one . i 'm glad i saw it . i 've missed a few films between the sixth sense and the village , and there will be more after the village . i 'll watch them all .
i have four boys between the ages of 11 and 2 . i ordered seasons 1 & 2 and they love it . every night we turn daniel boone on before bedtime and we do n't have to worry about our children seeing anything other than a good wholesome show . i hope they put out the next 4 seasons
i thought this was a wonderful dvd because of the following factors :  * the goal of this billy blank 's dvd is to get kids off their feet and exercising . in this day and age of television , video games , and a joke of physical education in schools , it 's up to parents to stress the importance of regular fitness activity . * the diversity is great . the children on this dvd consist of both boys and girls , ages of about 5 to maybe 12 or 13 years old , all sizes from thin to slightly chubby , and different nationalities . * billy blanks is just a very good instructor and you can see why he 's loved by young and old . he motivates the kids and makes the moves entertaining for them , even throwing in a couple of old dance moves . : - ) billy blanks speaks from the heart and you can tell that he honestly wants everyone to be fit . as far as the fitness level , i could see kids doing this but it gets a little trickier when you get to the floor exercises if you have n't exercised in a while . the good thing about this particular dvd is since it 's geared towards kids , billy places less emphasis on getting moves perfect , his main focus is to get the kids to realize that exercise is fun . overall , i think this is a great dvd to add to your collection . it 's something you and your kids can enjoy doing together .
denzel washington plays the legendary steve biko in this late-80 's film , while kevin kline plays a top journalist who befriends washington 's character in south africa . denzel is my favorite actor , and although he does n't get a lot of screen time , this is one of his strongest roles ever ( and you know that 's saying a lot ) . not only does he nail down the african accent , but he portray 's biko 's renown concern and persistence . this movie was awesome for the first hour . i could not take my eyes off it ! as the inevitable came around this point , the movie turns to kevin kline 's character who 's trying to escape south africa and spread biko 's story and message . it drags on quite extensively ( the movie is over 2 & 1/2 hours ) but it still maintains , enough to keep it 's five-star rating in my book . there were some other flaws , like how quickly kline 's character switched from hostility to befriending biko . that happened so quickly i could n't tell when they actually saw eye-to-eye . the film was beautifully shot , especially for the 1980 's , and i love the scene where biko is speaking at an outdoor stadium being held up by dozens of supporters . keep an eye out for joseph marcell ( geoffry the butler from fresh prince of bel-air ) who has a couple crucial scenes at the end playing a character aptly named 'moses . ' the reason this movie was so memorable to me was because it really got me thinking how oppressed black folks have been throughout history . sure , other movies have depicted this and maybe display this better , but sh # # ! to find out how black people were even kicked aside and discriminated against in south africa was eye-opening ! i am beginning to understand their frustration as a race , and even those in america , more and more . seeing this movie , and being caucasian myself , you get a sense of why the black brethren distrust the white man or see him as evil , and there 's no propoganda or direct bashing of the white race in this film . just depiction . i , myself , kind of feel like a jerk for what my race has done over all these years . and believe me , we may think this sh # t 's resolved and straight today , but we got a long ways to go ! you really got ta hand it to denzel . he 's tackled some of the biggest black icons so effortlessly , not only malcolm x , reuben carter , among others , but steven biko as well . he may just be an actor , but he must have some strong beliefs in his own race as well to portray legends like these ! it would be great to see him start speaking up for his people and directly to his people , a la bill cosby . i got this movie off amazon because i could not find it in stores , but i recommend searching for it yourself or buying it however you can. .
i have heard both arrau and richter playing liszt 's b minor sonata and i am afraid i very much prefer the way yundi li had played this piece . perhaps it is not fair to compare their techniques as arrau 's technique was always not that impressive . yundi li is not just a virtuoso . you are impressed not only by the shattering way he played for the more emotional part of this piece ( when liszt was supposed to struggle with his other side of character ) , you will also be impressed by his every subtle nuance for the lyrical part of the music which you seldom hear from others . you will also appreciate all the smooth transitions he made from one theme to another . will i be able to hear a better and a more logical liszt 's b minor sonata than this ? i believe yundi li is capable of very deep feeling when he plays . you seldom find one pianist more deeply immersed in the music during performance than yundi li . music just flow out from his fingers in a most natural way as a result of such deep feeling . i particularly agree with this description of yundi li :  " what distinguishes this uniquely gifted young artist from most of his contemporaries is his ability to put his personal stamp on a work without resorting , even for a single gesture , to eccentricity . "  although richter was technically more capable compared with arrau , i have always found him not expressive enough for pieces that require more rubati . you will be impressed by his technique for some beethoven sonata .
li is no heavy-weight pianist . neither is bunin or even zimerman . and do n't foeget that chopin himself weighed less than a hundred pounds after all . and judging from the steam and progess li has made , lang lang 's position is certainly under threat . and any viewer who is interested in li or how chinese pianists nowadays are doing should perhaps go for this-- here we have to thank martha for doing a good job in picking him as the winner of the chopin competition . now in his mid-twenties , and musically out of almost nowhere , li is already a full fledged musician . of course , viewers should not compare him with arrau 's fine balance between the extreme high and rather low register ; or his scales with richter 's . this is not fair , for arrau and richter are such great artists . li is already so close to zimerman now . furthermore , what we hear may have more to do with the accoustics of the hall , something which has more to do with the engineers than the performer himself . and i say so because i 'm a bit concerned about the quality of the picture of this dvd . it appears to me more like a vcd than dvd production ( or somewhere in between ) : it is slightly below average dg production and the camerawork is also average only . this is obviously not fair to a blossoming career that li is now having . one star is taken for want of a better production .
i thought beavis and butthead changed america . their stupidity was a influence of a generation . i , sadly , was not allowed to watch the show when it was on tv ( i was a child and in my elementary school years at the time ) , and because i actually rather watch the episodes instead of having to watch music videos within the episode ( just like the duo themselves , they hate a lot of music videos but watch them just to critize them and i do n't care for music videos ) , i really love the show . however , like other people who also liked the show , i have to agree with them to release all of the episodes ( for goodness sake ! i ca n't believe they did n't put in the customers suck episode because that was hysterical and the only one i have ever seen when the show was on tv ) because we want to see and have all of the episodes , not just 80 % of them and never get to see the other ones . i guess this is still recommended but remember , we all should fight back and get the remaining episodes back ( even if they have a lost episodes collection i do n't care , the people want them and mike judge is refusing to give us them !
this amazed me when it first came out and still has that capability . the combination of puppets and live action works really well , david bowie is wonderful , and , all in all , it 's a great family film . when i gave it to my two granddaughters , ages 8 & 4 , they watched it wide-eyed and a little bit scared . but then they watched it at least once a day for the next week
the professional reviewer missed the main point of jeffrey 's dilemma . he 's not so afraid of getting aids ; he 's afraid of falling in love with a man who then dies of it . most people figure a 50 % chance of dying before their spouse ; but taking on a person with a known , fatal disease throws those odds way out of kilter and creates a desperate , poignant situation . steve weber is no gayer than george bush but he certainly is an enthusiastic kisser . this was the first film i saw michael weiss in and he totally had me convinced he was gay . i knew patrick stewart is n't , but his performance is dead on . overall , a very funny movie with a big , big heart
this movie was alright . i give it five stars for being artsy , quirky . it makes gay love look systematically funny , and easily made fun of . even people with aids deserve a better look at their lives . i do not have hiv/aids but have lost friends over it . this is a movie for those who either want a good laugh , or a good cry . i know of nobody who really acts as these characters do . i doubt it goes on in new york citys manhattan either . purchase this if your just wanting to add to your glbt vhs , or dvd collection
this dvd was more challenging than i thought , but within a few short weeks i can already see an improvement in my flexibility and overall fitness . recently someone who had not seen me in a while commented that my body looked different , so i guess that means the programs really work . haha : - ) overall i have been impressed with not only the level of difficulty but also the variety of content and workouts available . i easily recommend this dvd
i truly love this film and it 's one of my top favorite film of all time . the cinematography is absolutely beautiful . if you enjoy violence , beauitful scenery of brazil , a great gang-drug related story this film is absolutely brillant .
i first bought the dvd for my mother for christmas . she let me borrow it . i am glad that i finally watched it . it is a truly great movie . it is a funny movie and very entertaining . i suggest either renting it or buying it
i really enjoyed this movie . rose mcgowan did a great job as the villianess debbie . my favorite line from the movie " it 's a family thing . " the movie was , in my opinion , a black comedy . and rose totally looked like trailer trash on her first day of school--brilliant ! you should definately watch this movie when you have n't got anything better to do
ever wonder where col. kurtz would 've ended up if he had survived the end of " apocalypse now " ? well , now we know : he exiled himself to a deserted island to create humanimals -- the horror , the horror . in light of all the bad press one would really think this is a lousy movie . and i can see why some people do n't like it , the main portion of the flick is really insane . however , if you 're a sucker for lost-on-an-island type yarns and appreciate the heavy mood & insanity of " apocalypse now , " you 'll probably like it . i 'm not saying it 's anywhere near as great as " apocalypse now " but marlon brando and the jungle insanity make the comparison inevitable . what works : the title sequence is great , perhaps one of the best in all of cinema ( another amazon reviewer noted this , so i 'm not alone ) ; the soundtrack is phenomenal ( 'nuff said ) ; the plot is intriguing ; the humanimal make-up is fine ( 'hyena ' looks especially horrific ) ; the film possesses an undeniable creative pizzazz ( i.e . it 's moody , atmospheric and insane ) ; and marlon brando 's 35 minute stint in the film is as captivating as always ( you can probably tell i 'm a huge brando fan -- in particular , " one-eyed jacks , " " mutiny on the bounty " ( 1962 ) , " the young lions , " " superman " and " apocalypse now " [ not " redux " ] ) . what does n't work : the third act of the film is almost total insanity , except for the final ten minutes or so ; as a result the story will lose the interest of those who have no appreciation for such artistic flair . closing thoughts : i really enjoyed seeing brando in his old age in this flick ; it proves he had his magnetic charm until the end . if you enjoyed brando as 'kurtz ' in " apocalypse now " you 'll appeciate him in " island ; " in fact , as already noted , dr. moreau is a variation of kurtz in his old age ( i.e . nutjob in the jungle ) . if you 're predisposed for such a flick , " dr. moreau " is weird , but certainly worthwhile .
i bought this dvd because it was listed as an imax title , but it is also 3d if you buy the special glasses from the manufacturer ( regular 3d glasses dont work with this title ) . the quality of the graphics are terrific , the plot is a little strange , but basically its aliens who invade and ride 4 virtual roller coasters at a futuristic theme park . the rides are pretty good and the concept and setting behind each coaster is unique . my kids love this dvd , and its worth the price ! ( buy it from the new & used section and you can get it for around $ 3.50 plus shipping
casts were chosen by the author hemingway himself . that short comment on this film opening was really the miracle . particularly gary cooper as american dynamiter roberto and ingrid bergman as hapless young girl maria could happen only through the number of miracles . spain in your backyard as the movie opening says shooting took place sonora pass in california not in spain . is n't it ironic because sierra nevada mountain range itself was named by spanish reminding them of the homeland mountains when they occupied the part of california . bonded by movie deal at that time movie actors were strongly tied by contracts and that prevented both gary cooper and ingrid bergman from the role hemingway wanted on the film . to win him the movie company had to pay huge money and maria took it by accicent . she even cut her own hair to be maria eventually sacrificing the next movie role . deletion of political aspect that is why the movie became successful and became a very entertaining one . the movie focus on the love development between maria and roberto which was excellently shown though a bit old-fashioned . bergman 's maria was so natural and you can see how far she was into the role . but the time provided another politics : american hero fighting against dictatorship an ally of nazi and facists . that worked far better than any of government sponsored war propaganda i suppose . supporting actors and actress supporting actors and actresses did the job quite well particularly i think anselmo was well performed . pablo was also nicely acted particularly pablo grinning at the scene of falling snow is truly scary reminding me of jack torrarence of shining . pilar is a bit of letdown but not bad . the ending i suppect there was alternative version where roberto could survive but the ending place it quite vague . old fashioned theatrical ploy . i see why butch cassidy and sundance kid ends the similar way . the bridge why must an american explode the bridge at the bridge at river kwai ? the answer might be here . real american dynamiter hemingway might have probably heard of the story of american dynamiter somewhere and combined his own self to create the hero robert jordan . the good war interviews the model of robert jordan , irvin goff . it is said maria was created by the image of ingrid bergman . verdict : very entertaining movie rating : 91 out of 100 the presence of ingrid bergman alone contributes 10 point plus . recommended for any of classic movie fans
i never bought the vhs tape , but when i was notified this would be coming out on dvd , i ordered it . while i 'm not an amateur , i am a professional , eric is a guitarist 's guitarist . anyone who thinks he do n't need learnin ' is a fool and only famous in his own little world , small as it may be . i 'm not that arrogant . as danny gatton was known as the humbler , eric johnson could rightly be called the inspiration . what he does is not so much difficult as it is the epitome of finesse and transparency of technique . after viewing this , you will understand what i mean . i already know much of what eric teaches in this session , for that is what it is , a private session ( much like you might get at git ) , with a master at the top of his craft . but there is always something to learn even after repeated viewings . i even scanned in the booklet that comes with this so i can break the lessons down and blow up the individual charts for more easy reading . if you are serious about improving as a player , and if you 're looking to be a real professional , you need to get this , if only to see what true professionalism looks and sounds like . the lessons are clear and focused . and with the booklet and the new ability to slow down the examples , you really can learn to play these things . but do n't expect to sound like eric ( just as those who tried to , but could never sound like jimi hendrix ) . you are different and so will always sound different , and that 's a plus . but the techniques and all that are included here are part of a " must learn " program you need to create and follow if you want to at least make a good living playing music . learn from a master of melody and technique , where technique does n't get in the way of the melody , but lives in service to the song -- the way it should be . i teach , too . and i recommend to any student who wants to grow that they should get this dvd . if you get no other , this would serve whatever style you choose to pursue , ultimately , because there is so much here that can be applied to virtually any style , whether it is jazz , country , blues , rock or even acoustic ( which i wish he would have included a segment on that , my only kvetch )
sea of love is certainly a better than average steamy crime thriller , but it did n't really bowl me over . pacino 's very good , of course , and ellen barkin more than holds her own against him , but pacino 's character can become tiresome after a while , and what i regard as a pretty sizeable red herring thrown into your lap midway through the story makes the ending a little less dramatic . i 'm not saying the mystery is predictable - it 's just not that shocking of a surprise . frank keller ( al pacino ) is n't exactly steve mcgarrett material when it comes to his career as a detective , mainly because the guy is basically pretty pathetic . his wife left him for another detective on the force , and he 's not handling that very well - drunken calls in the middle of the night to his ex-wife are not uncommon . the guy drinks like a fish all day and all night , whether he 's on duty or not , he gets into serious shoving matches with other cops , and he spends more time getting under the skin of his fellow detective ( and ex-wife 's new man ) than investigating the crime at the scene of the film 's opening murder . later on , he gets into a serious relationship with one of the murder suspects , which has to break a lot of rules in the old code of conduct . about all he gleans from the first murder is the fact that someone plugged a fat naked guy in the back of his head and that the killer was apparently a big fan of the song sea of love . fortunately for him , a queens detective ( played by john goodman ) working on a similar case teams up with him on a two-man task force to find the mutual killer . the common thread linking the murders together is the fact that each victim had recently placed a poetic personal ad in the newspaper . since no one seems to have bothered looking at any of the evidence too closely , keller and detective sherman ( goodman ) decide to place a similar ad in the paper , meet all of the women who respond , get their prints and compare them with those found at the murder scenes , and break the case wide open . keller meets helen ( ellen barkin ) at one of these undercover dates . she blows him off early on , before she even comes close to leaving a fingerprint on anything . when they meet accidentally soon thereafter , though , a spark is lit , and the two are lovers before you can say jack sprat . frank puts his feelings for helen above his job , thereby leaving helen hanging out there as a possible murder suspect . this is where all of the suspense comes in ; is she or is n't she ? the story zigs and zags both ways on the question , leaving the viewer in a measure of doubt until the very end . the whole thing turns into a weird love story for the most part , with frank trying to avoid losing helen even as he sometimes wonders whether she 's the killer he 's looking for . it is quite suspenseful , largely thanks to ellen barkin 's very strong performance . the ultimate ending 's a little weak , but that takes nothing at all away from the sustained mystery that will command your rapt attention all the way up to that point . it 's not hard to see why the movie was so successful . it just goes to show what good acting and a reasonably strong script can do for a movie . there are probably two camps when it comes to the ending , i should note - but it 's not a hate it or love it thing . some will not find it all that surprising , while others may feel as if it comes right out of left field . either way , sea of love is a film that all fans of steamy thrillers can lose themselves in and , at the very least , come out feeling reasonably satisfied
film noir at it 's best . lies , betrayal , deception , sexual eroticism . all through the movie you dont know who to cheer for , the cop , the dirty teacher , the trailer trash chic , the funny lawyer , the school tramp , the tramp 's mother , the cop 's partner , the tramp 's mother cuban lover . you dont know who is who and what is up or down . one big dirty camp of a movie..to describe it with only one word it would be....... yummy
there are so many reasons to like " wild things " it 's easy to call this movie perfect . although it 's not the best movie ever made ( or even in the top 20 for that matter ) it truly is a perfect movie...for what it could 've been . i borrowed this movie from a friend and looking at it , it appears to be one of those movies with no plot and just a lot of nudity . well , this movie does have a plot and it 's quite complicated . some of the dialouge falls short in a few scenes , but you ca n't argue that this is a damned good movie . matt dillon stars as sam lombardo , a guidance counselor at blue bay high school . lombardo is a lady 's man , in one scene a prosecutor mentions that he 's done half of blue bay . well , lombardo has a student named kelly van ryan ( denise richards , who i 've never found particularly attractive but looks great in this movie ) who seems to be coming onto him ; lombardo happens to be having an affair with her mother sandra who happens to be a very powerful woman in blue bay . well , one day kelly and a friend stop by on a weekend and wash lombardo 's car for the senior car wash and then we see kelly leaving his house with a mad look on her face . then , kelly says lombardo raped her . lombardo immediately declares his innocense and hires a lawyer ( bill murray ) . well , then another girl named suzie toller ( neve campbell ) says lombardo raped her as well . another player in the plot is ray duquette ( kevin bacon ) , the detective investigating the rapes who is skeptical of both stories . now , this movie is one of those films where you think you know what 's going on and then they throw a wild card . after that , you think you know what 's going on again and then s * it happens . even when the movie ends , you do n't know the full story until the credit sequence . the sex scenes ( the most famous with denise richards , matt dillon , and neve campebell ) are quite nice , but surprisingly the movie would be good without them . this is a really great movie and worth the $ 5 bucks it would cost to buy it .
first off i agree with the warning to not watch the trailer first because it does give away the first set up in the movie . when denise richards sees matt dillion and his student having a water fight os such and says something like , " is this just a game for the boys , or can anyone play ? " she looks so sweet and hot that it 's hard to imagine her getting rough and tough just a while later . however she pulls ift off pretty well . in fact they all pulle their rolls off pretty well . i could n't understand why kevin bacon seemed a bit stiffer than usual , but that was actually pretty good acting....i ca n't really say much more about why without giving too much of a hint at one of the twists , but it 's interesting when you step back and see what he was actually doing . i give it 5 stars because it 's both fun and funny , and of course very hot at times . well worth a look.. .
this movie looks simply amazing ! the color , texture and detail provided by hd-dvd are superb , this is a showcase title for the format . first a word about my setup , which is nice but far from optimal . the hd-dvd player is connected via hdmi to a sanyo pl-z4 projector , with an approximately 140 " picture thrown onto a light beige wall . the room has little in the way of light control so we watch movies in the evening when there is less ambient light leaking through opaque cloth shades . hardly the ideal environment to view a movie for most home theater afficionado 's but my family and i thoroughly enjoy watching titles no less for it . now about the title - there are no compression artifacts or mosquito noise to be found anywhere . none . i also bought this title on sd-dvd and have watched on an upscaling dvd player , both on a 57 " crt bigscreen and the projector , and there are a distracting number of the aforementioned artifacts and mosquito noise in both cases . they 're most noticeable on large surface solid colors , of which there are many in this movie . you 'll see them " dance " and shimmer on sd-dvd , not so on hd-dvd . the colors are bold and bright when appropriate , but what really struck me while watching the title were the drabbish gray scenes such as the snow-covered streets of the town with the factory looming in the background . you can make out more detail , without any obvious edge enhancement problems found in the original sd-dvd version . the lights from the townsfolk dwellings were suffused with a soft glow in this latest version , not a ringed mess . the story itself is not necessarily an improvement over the original , rather its told from a slightly different perspective , giving more insight into willie wonka 's character , and updating the other kids ( violet , mike teavee , etc... ) to reflect a newer generation of youngsters . mike feels a bit weak , he 's portrayed as a videogame crazed violent kid in the sequence that introduces his character , then sort of disappears into the background the rest of the movie . veruca and violet by contrast are more prominently featured , and you 'll develop more antipathy towards their characters by their actions throughout the movie . augustus also suffers a bit but since he 's the first to get ousted from the party , it 's logical that he wo n't be as fully developed as a character . his romp through the initial scene whilst in the factory is pretty good however . overall i 'd give this 5 stars not only as a visual and audible feast for hd-dvd owners , but felt the movie was a great update to the original and stands on its own merits , even in sd-dvd presentation
an extraordinary film , the vanishing , brings to the screen the story of a young man as he searches for his missing girlfriend in the american northwest . the movie falls into the action/adventure/mystery/thriller type of category . kiefer sutherland , jeff bridges , nancy travis , sandra bullock , and the rest of the cast , have truly outdone themselves with their performances , which are outstanding to say the least ! all the actors , without exceptions , give it their 100 % and it really shows ( the chemistry is amazing ) ! very well written and very well presented , it allows for a highly entertaining movie that can be watched over and over again ! the setting , the plot ( jeff 's strong sense of love , devotion , and determination are admirable and commendable , and an example for all to follow ! ) , the dialogues and the music are all wonderful ! in short , the vanishing is a movie definitely worth watching and one to seriously consider adding to your movie collection !
a great reality show , following a group of working class youths in england getting the chance to become cooks in a top uk restaurant for free . it 's highly entertaining and well worth the price . we caught this show when we were visiting australia and got hooked . also check out jamie 's school dinners series , available on amazon uk
i really wish that people would stop trashing this movie for being unbeleivable and that it is so long it hurts to sit through it etc . i have watched the film 4 times and have not had a problem with the length . the movie is about a giant gorilla ! it is a fantasy film kids ! the original is one of my favorite movies and there is plenty to laugh at in that one as well . i think the remake is incredible.....is it better than the original ? in some ways yes ! in some ways no ! thats the way it goes ! i still love the new one and the original and both deserve to be in everyone 's movie collection ! i wish peter jackson would try to remake son of kong into as good a movie.....now if he can pull that off....... ; - )
the premier american cinematic drama is the western , and this collection brings together some bona fide classics from the golden age of westerns . this set comes with twelve discs each packaged in a cardboard slipcase with brief descriptions of the plot , every disc is double sided and contains two films on each side . there are n't any extras aside from a limited amount of scene selections . it 's true that the majority of these are b-films , and some are unintentionally hilarious to view today . there are some definite classics ( mcclintock , under california stars ) along with plenty of simply enjoyable films . just a note , there are a few mistakes . for example , " the santa fe trail " included on this set is * not * the 1930 richard arlen version . it 's the 1940s errol flynn , olivia haviland version - which i personally feel is superior anyway . also , some films were taken either directly from television ( you 'll see a in stereo flash across the screen when you play the film ) or did n't transfer very well ( slight distortions in video or audio ) - but considering the age of these movies and the cheap price tag this is an amazing deal !
the first half of this film is the most accurate portrayal of usmc boot camp i have ever seen , outside of actually being there . i 've read that r. lee emery , who played the senior drill instructor , was initially hired to coach other actors for the role . but he did such a perfect job himself that stanley kubrick hired him for the job . if the film had ended after the first half alone , it would have been phenomenal . the second half of the film portrays the same boot camp marines from the first half who are now in viet nam . the tone and the setting are much different as the men engage in a number of battle situations , including a fairly gruesome scene with a female sniper . where the first half of this film is almost comical at times , the second half is much more serious and grave . overall , this is a serious and engaging movie that brilliantly describes military experiences on and off the battlefield
i enjoyed the movie very much . since i love the idea of knights and castles during the middle ages and as merrick says when men still had honor , i wanted to join them just for the excitement and the chance of a lifetime . besides i 'm a sap for a great looking guy saving his damsel in distress at all costs , even if it mea n't changing history . i liked that they portayed lady clair as a tough , stand up to the bad guy , do what needed to be done , spy for her brother to win the battle , kinda lady
this is one of my favorite horror movies of the 1980s . it 's an updated version on an old theme : save the young heroine from the evil , blood-sucking vampire . chris sarandon ( lifetime movie channel staple ) has an absolute field day playing the villainous jerry dandridge . amanda bearse ( " married with children " ) plays amy , the young high school target of dandridge 's desires . and william ragsdale ( a hollywood newcomer at the time ) plays charley , the young hero who does his best to convince others to help him save amy . no one really believes charley 's rantings that his new neighbor next door is a vampire . charley 's geeky best friend ( played devilishly well by stephen geoffreys ) does n't believe him ; nor does amy . desperate , charley enlists the help of has-been horror actor and tv host " peter vincent , vampire killer . " equally desperate , vincent takes the job as charley 's " savior " because he was fired as tv host and needs the money . roddy mcdowall plays peter vincent extraordinarily well - first as an actor out to ( wink-wink ) " convince " charley that jerry dandridge is not a vampire , and then genuinely terrified when he discovers evidence that charley 's suspicions are true . dandridge , upon meeting amy , sees her unearthly resemblance to a woman he once loved . he is immediately infatuated with the young girl . but first , realizing his secret is out , dandridge acts quickly to rid himself of the problem of charley and his pesky friends . the special makeup effects in this film are terrific and imaginative . the script is tightly written and well acted and tom holland 's direction makes it work . ( holland 's other works include " child 's play , " " thinner , " " the temp , " and " thinner " ) . the dvd transfer is sharp and clean . the disc features both a standard full screen version ( 4 : 3 ) and a widescreen version ( 2.35 : 1 ) . sound is presented as 2-channel , dolby surround . the only dvd extra is the theatrical trailer . sub-titles are available in several languages : english , french , spanish , portuguese , chinese , korean , and thai . the disc is also close-captioned for the hearing impaired . specs : running time : 116 mins . copyright 1985 columbia pictures industries , inc . copyright 1998 layout and design columbia tristar home vide
this dvd kick starts the longest running animated prime-time show ever . the first season was an experiement to the show . there are many solid episodes in this 13 episode season like bart the general , call of the simpsons , krusty gets busted and some enchanted evening . i 'll review each episode and give it a rating . simpsons roasting on an open fire : homer becomes a santa at the mall to earn money for christmas . rating 8.7/10  bart the genius : bart cheats on his amplitude test at school and is sent to a genius school . rating : 8.9/10  homer 's odyessy : homer is fired from the power plant and becomes a crusader for citizen safety in springfeld . rating : 8.6/10  there 's no disgrace like home : homer tries to get his family more civilized . rating : 8.8/10  bart the general : bart tries to get back on nelson muntz , the school bulley . rating : 9.0/10  moaning lisa : lisa is depressed and meets bleeding gums murphy . homer tries to get better at beating bart in video games . rating : 8.0/10  the call of the simpsons : the simpsons are stuck in the jungle after their rv falls off a cliff . rating : 9.1/10  the telltale head : bart saws off the head of jebediah springfeld to impress jimbo jones and his friends . rating : 8.5/10  life on the fast lane : marge takes bowling lessons and falls in love with jaques , the bowling instructer . rating : 8.3/10  homer 's night out : marge is mad at homer made after bart takes a picture of homer dancing with belly dancer . rating : 8.4/10  the crepes of wrath : bart is sent to paris as part of a foreign exhange program . rating : 8.6/10  krusty gets busted : krusty is framed by sideshow bob . rating : 9.2/10  some enchanted evening : homer and marge go out for the night . bart , lisa , and maggie are left with the babysitter bandit . rating : 9.1/10  all in all , the simpsons first season was an o.k . season . very crude animation , and not normal voices compared to later seasons . hey they were an experiment so it was n't that bad . rating : 8.6/1
this is one of my favorite movies of all time--having it on dvd so i can select a scene just makes it better . the only complaint i have is that there are no subtitles available ( at far as i can tell ) --otherwise it 's great--a faithful rendition of a classic story . i think jane austen would be pleased .
see how the creative process works when making the world 's best selling album ever . great insight on the a band coming together as one . interviews are great
ok , i understand the male and female symbols used on the movie logo . those represent the male and female viewpoints of the main two characters . they are the traditional " mars " and " venus " symbols representing masculinity and femininity . i also understand the last symbol representing " infinity " , a never-ending loop symbolizing an ideal marriage that will last forever . or maybe the propagation of " eternal life " by the offspring of the parents carrying on their genes into eternity . but what is to be made of the star and dagger symbol ? ? ? are these symbols somehow representing a conflict of religious values ? ( the star of david representing judaism and a cross representing christianity )  i have n't seen the movie in years but i do n't remember a conflict in religious beliefs being part of the plot . please also forward your thoughts to vboston at aol.com .
three stooges meet &quot ; waiting for godot.&quot ; lurie , waits and benigni turn in great performances . they 've been locked up in a lousiana penitentiary for being in the wrong place at the wrong time . jarmusch gives you each of their sordid lives in turn before throwing them together in a jail cell . benigni plays wonderfully off lurie and waits , culminating in a hilarious version of &quot ; i scream , you scream , we all scream for ice scream.&quot ; eventually , they find the light at the end of a tunnel , only to have to escape through a swamp . jarmusch gives his characters plenty of room , making for many amusing interchanges . jarmusch provides deft camera work and his usual wonderful eye for detail to make this his most memorable film
okay , how many of you liked cheerleaders in your school or anybody who tried out for pageants ? unless you were one of the misery causing bee-otches , you did n't . this movie not only effectively makes fun of the way girls treat each other in the pageant arena , but takes a good crackshot at the mothers ( kirstie alley 's character is a real gem ! ) . it also makes fun of the people in minnesota . i see lots of reviewers from that state whining about this film , but heard the term " midwest " used far more often . we feel your pain , but i would have laughed had they picked my state ( which is very close to mn ) . they poke fun at hunters , lutherans ( yes , i 'm one ) , and lutefisk for lunch in high school ( i 'm also of norwegian decent ) . the most fun to be had is the way this movie spoofs how nasty women can be regardless of class warfare , and what lengths some of them will go to just to get their way . funny and dead-on like the nailhead beneath a hammer , this movie is a nasty and fun treat for everyone who has ever been treated badly by the so-called local uppercrust . enjoy 100 minutes of vengeance , and then go out into the world feeling better about the fact that you 're definitely not alone !
art history has always been an interest of mine , and i 'm a big fan of other art movies such as " girl with a pearl earing " and " merchant of venice . " so when i found out about modigliani i was happy to take the time to go watch it . not only was it worth my time , but it was a beautiful filmed movie that depicted the life of a very passionate man in a time when passion was n't looked fondly on . everything about the movie is amazing , from the sets to the acting . i feel this is one of andy garcia 's best films in some time , not only is he convincing , but he fits the part of modigliani better than any other actor could . they focused the movie around his rivalry with picasso , which i find to be one of the most interesting things about it . you do n't only get an insight into one artist , but many . you see the life the artists were living and the obstacles they had to overcome to get their art out into the world . modigliani also had a tragic romance with a young catholic girl , who 's father did n't want her with the struggling painter . the story is the perfect depiction of the religious standards in that time period . overall this was a great movie , and i would strongly suggest that you take the time to check it out . you wo n't regret it , it 's probably one of the best movies of the year
i have both madonna grimes workouts dvd 's and fell in love with her 10 minute workouts . it was a great way to start my day , i was hoping that this tape included two new workouts alas they were the same , but with disapointment comes satisfaction . the other 10 minute workouts give me a chance to change my early morning workouts , and learn a workout that i never thought that i would learn and enjoy doing . jayna 's bellydance helps you to feel sexy and still enjoy the feeling you get from her low impact toning , also great moves you can use for other reasons . rania 's upper body is really fun , some of the steps are a little harder to do on carpet since you do this barefoot . suhaila workout i am intimidated by . i have not been able to watch it long enough to complete it . i have a little trouble getting past the control that she has on her butt cheeks . she can contract them one at a time . some mornings i get enough energy and do multiple workouts from this tape . they are really fun . this tape has a bonus yoga , i had never tried yoga and this gave me an opportunity to try it . i highly recommeded this dvd/vhs . i love the 10 minute workouts . with this dvd/vhs there are no excuses you can always find 10 minutes in a day .
wm 2000 had 2 great matches witch were the trangle ladder match and the fatal 4 way match for the wwe championship . wm 17s best matches were chris benoit vs kurt angle,vince mchmahn vs shane mchmahn in a street fight,the tlc match,undertaker vs hhh,and the main event the rock vs stone cold for the wwe championship . match of the night for wm 18 was the rock vs hulk hogan . wm 19 had 4 great matches and they were shawn michels vs chris jherico,hulk hogan vs vince mchmahn in a street fight,the rock vs stone cold , and brock lesner vs kurt angle for the wwe championship . and wm 20s best matches were eddie guerro vs kurt angle and chris benoit vs shawn michels vs hhh . buy this ! ! !
i just finished watching when harry met sally for probably the tenth time . it 's been years since i 've seen it and i enjoyed watching it with a new girlfriend . i could n't get over the fact that i still laughed several times , almost as if i 'd never seen the movie before . my interpretation , after all these years , was that the movie showed how people and relationships evolve over the years and how this movie realistically depicted couples going through the paces of petty arguments , infatuation , etc . without stooping to sugary sentiment . i took harry and sally as unique individuals with their human quirks that made them more lovable . i did n't see them as somehow representative of " all men " or " all women . "  then i watched the extra documentary on the dvd which i had never seen until now . big mistake . my new " interpretation " of the film was suddenly cast aside as i remembered that i actually did n't like this movie as much when it first came out . over time i had grown to accept the fact that i could still like a movie and its characters without actually agreeing with what they said or how they behaved . what i had forgotten was billy crystal 's , rob reiner 's ( director ) and nora ephron 's ( writer ) agenda that these two characters actually were supposed to represent the genders . gag . the views of the characters are presented as if they were fact . men supposedly always think about sex and ca n't be friends with women . most if not all women have faked an orgasm . all men are clueless to the fakery . and so on . i can only hope that these dinosour views are only representative of the boomer generation and older folks ( no one on this film is even close being a member of gen x ) because this does not represent the reality of all humans . you 'll notice in the documentary that they only interview people above the age of 40 to " prove " their case . if they 'd interviewed an empowered 25 year old woman maybe she would have let them have it - " no , i wo n't fake it . if he sucks in bed i 'm going to tell him . " and as for men , some of us younger ones are actually perceptive enough to actually know when the woman does fake it . none of this changes this classic film . that 's the great thing about art - it 's open to interpretation . i can watch this film and define it my way - two unique and funny people who took a long time to get their act together and fall in love . otherwise , i 'd hate this movie . but i wo n't give reinder , ephron et al that much power . just because they were narrow minded about gender roles does n't mean i have to be about their film . if you agree with the characters in the film , by all means , watch the documentary . but if you see the movie as being about two interesting characters , pass it by . do n't let a dvd extra taint your pov
the movie was great ! ! but they left a few things out in the movie that were in the book ! ! there were more siblings in the book . but this is still a must see and must read !
love the book - could n't wait for the movie and was not disappointed ! i have watched it many times , and enjoy it each time . the story was so involved and the movie just about captured every event , which is why it took two dvds or 3 cds ( yes i have both ) to show the entire story . a great way to spend a cold , winter day
this is one of the best photography documentary i have ever seen . i love photojournalism and this is as good as it gets . i love the story narration that this dvd succeeds in . james nachtwey is the greatest ever to have photographed all the atrocities up close and personal . you can feel the pain , agony and raw human emotion in his photographs . he is right in the middle of shooting with mostly a wide angle just a few feet away from danger . it needs guts and commitment to do a job which has constant fear of getting killed . i salute you.....james nachtwey  you inspire me . - uday
the seventh season was the season that got me hooked to south park . specifically episode number 712-all about the mormons . that was the first episode that got me into the show , and i have n't stopped watching since . the season list includes the following : 704-cancelled 702-krazy kripples 703-toilet paper 701-i ` m a little bit country 705-fat butt and pancake head 706-lil ` crime stopper 707-red man ` s greed 708-south park is guay ! 709-christian rock hard 710-gray dawn 711-casa bonita 712-all about the mormons ? 713-butt out 714-raisins 715-its christmas in canada  also favorites from this season include 701-i 'm a little bit country , which has the kids working on a report to present at the anti-war/pro-war rallies . i just love cartman 's flashback in time to 1776 . also , episode 709-christian hard rock , cartman and his band faith + 1 make it big in christian music to try and score a platinum album before kyle does , all over a $ 20 bet . finally , episode 708-south park is guay...what can i say..crab people...who the heck thinks of crab people . in all , this is the season that continues to have me in stitches , and if you can only own one season of southpark , i believe this is the one . i myself have them all , but this is the season i believe stands above the rest .
absolutely brilliant ! if you are a south park fan , this has got to be added to your collection . matt and trey have lost none of their wit and i ca n't wait until the eigth season is released ! i had to purchase it from the usa ( i live in england ) as it 's not yet available over here and it actually cost less to buy and have it shipped over than it was to buy the previous six seasons in the shops
i really enjoyed this dvd . it was sent through the postal system in very guickly . thanks
if your not already hooked on the story of these interns you have some catching up to do . its not your typical medical drama and certainly worth watching. .
movie was pretty good . coming of life story about a boy from jersey trying to make it as a bartender in the hottest club in the city . addresses teen issues such as , drug abuse , sex , betrayal , jealously and family
i owned this movie in full screen on vhs . the quality of the transfer of " apollo 13 " with the wide screen and the incredible clearity 0f hd that was never possible before , makes this movie a true cinematic experience . one of tom hanks ' best movies ! . since we 're revewing here the hd version , i own a new samsung 61 " hdtv and the toshiba hd-a1 ( $ 399 from amazon ) . an incredible improvement over my 1998 60 " standard sony tv . if you have the right setup , it is the true home theater dream that we all hoped for since the dawn of home video back in the late 70 's or early 80 's . be sure you use the hdmi cable or at least component connection . the audio track is also great ! with the right dolby digital/plus 5.1 receiver/speaker/placement . also , lots of extras on the ntsc us version , including interviews with hanks and some of the real astronauts
great movie ! make it part of your collection . good story , beautiful video and great sound . turn your volume up on the blast-off and you will feel the power !
this movie is a real departure for the director , akira kurosawa , in that it blends his humanistic inspirational-type movies , like " ikiru " with a bit of action and drama " yojimbo , sanjuro . " the majority of the movie follows a young and arrogant doctor forced to work in a rural and poor region of japan under a domineering senior doctor . naturally , everybody learns a lesson about life and both the doctors and patients are seen in their human weakness and grandeour . midway through the movie , out of nowhere , one of the best action sequences in movie history occurs just before the intermission . it is shocking because it is such a departure from the tone and is also so brief , confusing , and brutal . toshiro mifune and kurosawa never worked together again after this movie and the director 's work changed radically . still good , but i 'll always prefer the b&w epics the two of them made together .
ahh remincing about the old days of youth . this dvd is great for the young and the old w/ comedy that surpasses all generation . its a great gift
i bought this only because i loved the first one , hoping it was n't as terrible as the second . after i watched it i was so impressed . first of all i loved that it really did n't have anything to do with the first , aside from cassidy being katherine 's cousin,and sharing the same last name ( there is only one reference to katherine and sebastian in the beginning ) . it is much better than having different actors playing old characters , which drags a movie down alot . i thought the story was great , with good twists.the whole cast is very attractive , which ca n't hurt either . the " bad " characters are all pretty likeable , aside from one , and all is well in the end . the best thing about this movie is the character cassidy . i sarted out hating her , and ended up really liking her for her realness , and honesty she does not try to hide that she is a b * tch . this actress does a particularly good job , pulling off both loveable , and complete brat at the same time . i would definetly reccomend this movie .
goal ! is a well-done soccer version of the road to glory in athletics . it is a true cinderella story that makes the impossible possible and fulfills the one in a million shot at stardom . the soccer player , a young hispanic man in los angeles , gets a one-time chance to tryout for english premier league power newcastle . as the movie progresses , more and more people believe in the young man 's dream . his family relationships are present and well-developed in the movie as is a budding romance . we see the young player learn about the consequences of his decisions . there are enough conflicts and challenges in this movie that keep it interesting . the soccer presented in the movie is very well-done . we see actual professional players make cameo 's on and off the pitch..no headbutts , though . a few times i felt like i was watching an actual english premier league game...there are just a few too many spin moves over the ball but they look cool . this is a good movie with a good begining and good ending . i am glad i watched it and recommend it especially to soccer fans
i ca n't believe anyone would give this wonderful movie less than 5 stars . i do n't know what the deal is with the sudden burst of negative reviews , but this is certainly not a bad movie . i was in 7th grade when it came out and i remember how popular it was back then . everyone , and i mean everyone loved it . no one said they did n't like it . even my dad to this day says he would n't mind watching the movie a few more times , and he never wants to watch a movie more than two times . the actors , the direction , the story everything about this movie worked . it 's a movie that will remain a classic forever . there 's something here for everyone .
this movie still rocks after all these years since it first came out . an excellent and energetic movie from the start . plot is cutesy . it serves as a vehicle for the wonderful selection of songs and dance sequences . however , i think this version of the movie is missing a few scenes ? i would rate this movie version with 5 stars had it been unedited to me . if memory serves me , did n't alex receive a letter from her friend , hannah , when alex discovered hannah passed away ? is n't there a reconnection at the end between mickey and alex 's ( girl ) friend whom the latter was dating ? was n't there more of a story build-up between alex and her boss ? if this version is cut in anyway , i prefer getting the complete and unedited version . i find this version incomplete somehow . but jennifer beals looks terrific and one wonders why she did n't star in more movies for her generation
now , this is a rock n ' roll show from rock 's " good guys " . pearl jam is probably the most important band ever in american music . they are to the us what led zeppelin was to britain . this concert is a fantastic representation of their mature post-millenium shows . no , you wo n't see a lot of crowd-surfing or moshing any more from these 30 and 40 somethings , just a lot of great music , and wonderful lyrics . mike mccready is quite possibly one of the world 's most underrated , soulful guitarists , and his playing just sounds even better when you can see what those fingers are doing . at first , i was not a fan of adding boom gaspar to the shows , but i have come to quite enjoy his contributions and pretty much consider him a bona fide member of the band , as i do matt cameron , who filled in a " revolving throne " back when jack irons left due to back problems after " yield " . there are some true gems on this recording , and the concert goes on and on with lots of music and a nice long encore . the crowd is in the thing from the beginning , and the band is " on " and every member is in their 'zone ' , and seems to be having a fantastic time...only cameron , true to form , seems a bit " stoic " . highlights of this dvd are " lukin " , " black " , " thumbing my way " , " last exit " , and " save you " ; however , the band just goes to a heavenly plane with " low light " , " faithful " , and " in my tree " . there ai n't much from versus and 10 on this one , with the band more oriented towards their more " organic " , " laid-back " , and " vibey " post-vitalogy feel , which has turned off some of the " hard rocking " pj fans ; however , if you listen back , pj has always had the pensive , laid back rockers , even in the explosive days of the early 90 's with songs like " black " , " daughter " , " alive " , " oceans " and the like . just because the band has chosen to explore other instruments and rhythms and to mature as a complete organism has caused some to reject them because they do n't rock " hard enough " .. .  and that is ridiculous , as one will see on these dvd 's . this is the best representation of pj 's wonderful live shows on " official " record . ben harper makes a wonderful appearance or two , as does tony barber , the bass player for the buzzcocks , who is forever immortalized on dvd for not knowing the bassline for " sonic reducer " .. . overall , the performance is just about as tight as a live performance gets , and the camera angles and picture quality is pretty good most of the time . the extras are good , but ed 's solo guitar version of " dead man " stands out as a heartfelt , amazing performance . " down " , an underrated song from the b-side record , " lost dogs " , is merely a backdrop for some behind-the-scenes footage , which is fine , but i 'd much rather hear what the boys are saying , and see a live performance of the song.. . if you 're a fan of rock and roll or pearl jam , you already own this dvd . if you 're just now waking up from your coma , then get this now ! study it , learn the methods of pj , and you , too , can become the best band in america ! ex-frat boys who only know " even flow " and " alive " need not apply. .
wonderful show , fun episodes , great actors . dvd boxset comes with confidentials with behind the scene footage . however , the confidentials are shortened versions from the full confidentials shown on television . but only footage of the old series of doctor who was removed . worth the money
what can i say , on a scale of 1 thru 10 this movie goes to 11 !
most people does n't realize that this band suck 's ! ! ! ! i am a " hard-core rocker fan " but please ! ! is not because this band does n't know how to play music or is fictional , is beacause it suck 's ! ! the reason that spinal tap suck 's is because of their bloopers in live-concert and most of all their stupid lyrics ! ! ! ! ! i mean : " you know what i need , or maybe you do n't ! ! ! ! ! ? ? ? ? ? ? " " lisen , shhhhh ! ! what the flower people say aaaaahhhhh ! ! ! ! ! ? ? ? ? ? " " the cats meow ! ! ! ? ? ? " " sex farm woman ! ! ! ? ? ? " " big button ! ! ! ! ? ? " " i just want to make some eardrums bleed ! ! ! ! ? ? ? ? "  come on ! people ! ! ! ! try to realize why this movie is sooo funny ! beacuse all the people like a band that is pure garbage ! ! ! ! ! ! but do n't get me wrong ! i did enjoy this movie ( documentary really ) because is a parody of the rock bands in the 60 's , 70 's and early 80 's . and their music is loud , fast and heavy ! ! ! adios .
this is a fascinating look at the journey through the first 5 books of the bible . it 's a visual foundation for stories that all three major religions , the jews , the christians and the muslims , hold sacred to their faith and their traditions . as a documentary , the journey takes place " today " in the midst of the modern-day struggles and misunderstandings that make it realistic and thought-provoking for our faith today . if you want to understand the bible , this is an amazing way to see the stories that most people of the world hold as sacred to their beliefs and faith
i love sandra bullock movies . in this movie she is so innocent and falls in love with a man she has never spoken to but saves his life on the cta . in the time that he is still in a coma his family , thinking she is their son 's fiancee , fall in love with her . she inadvertantly falls in love with his brother . i jus love the cinderella story line . she is fantastic as well as the family and especially bill pullman
while roman polanski was avoiding authories in america in 1988 , he managed to put together a superb suspense thriller . it stars harrison ford in a rather unique role ; that of a doctor , an every man type such as jimmy stewart in " the man who knew too much " without the indiana jones hype . although filmed 18 years ago , it seems more contemporary that ever . a fine thriller that even hitch would approve ! what is not contemporary is the fact that we consumers here in region 1 - north america , that 's right , canada too , get nothing but junk & garbage from the releasing studios . lousy , grainy transfers in the edited pan & scan format ; not fit for anything but a 7 " dvd personal viewer , maybe ! why is this and most any other post-1953 movie presented in it 's original aspect ratio available in region 2 - europe but not on this side of the pond ? disney is by far the major offender in this area but hey , what say you warner bros. ? it was always thought that the mighty oceans would protect us from our enemies , both foreign and domestic . 9/11 proved that wrong , and i guess nobody though of hollywood as a band of american home video terrorists , a silly statement but ever so true ! this region 1 dvd release of " frantic " says it all
nice movie with a resonable story and a keeper for anyone looking to add in his collection great nude scenes with angelina jolie . : -
this is a great documentary . alex jones is not a nut , just very passionate about the quality ( or lack ) of our governments . our leaders are swine , and so are our neighbors if they continue to be willfully ignorant of these truths .
the replicant proves that van damme can really act . he again portrays two people as in double impact . he is both a villan and his dna duplicate...hence " replicant " . van damme displays a great range of emotions as the replicant like a child discovering the world . as the villan he 's truly psycho . the feds make the replicant of this serial killer called the torch in hopes of learning how to catch him . the story line will keep you watching , in suspense and guessing . do n't look for all of the usual martial arts scenes here
everyone should see this movie...it does not matter if your gay or straight .
after much debate , i decided to view this film with an open mind . the performances are outstanding . i really liked the music composition , as it flowed gently with the story . in a way , i 'm glad this film didnt't win " best picture " . for one reason . the on-location scenery is absolutely breathtaking to watch . maybe its too perfect . later on , we find out it 's not wyoming , but it alberta , canada . take a star away ! overall , this is a movie that will advance gay right in the united states . for those who do n't like it , " the train has left the station !
astonishing . you have to see it to believe . just turn off the lights , seat back and have fun . and amazon delivery is realy great
this is one of my favourite christmas movies - along the lines of it 's a wonderful life - modern style . cage is perfect in this role- surprisingly ! tea leone is a great supporting actress and the little girl is adorable - all around a wonderful movie - some mature content though so not for the younger viewers . ( robbery and sexual nature in parts )
the documentary was really , really good . they left some stuff out of it , of course , but you know why they did so it sort of makes sense . one thing i did not remember was the prodigious mullet brian sported back in the day . man , i think that thing was more impressive than jagr 's cup-winning mullet of the early-90s ! i do n't know that i learned anything new from the documentary , but seeing his kids and his sisters talk about him was amazing . also , stone cold talking about the hollywood blonds tag team was great fun . they really played up the flyin ' brian stuff as being ahead of it 's time ( which it was ) and the loose cannon character that had everyone guessing . funny thing is that the whole loose cannon thing was n't really long-lasting if you think about it . the gimmick was the talk of all three companies at the time but it really only lasted the summer before his humvee accident brought any momentum he had to a standstill . the accident was glossed over--he was loaded on painkeelers and told of seeing his ex-girlfriend 's face in his rearview mirror when he crashed--but the fact that it totally derailed his character was not . he knew that he could have been the biggest thing going and that he had blown the whole deal and it depressed the heck out of him . anyhoo , the official coroner 's report was that he had a heart attack ; just as his dad had at a young age . of course , the fact that the juice and the vikes and a crazy lifestyle put take a toll on the heart was glossed over . i mean , the wwe is not going to ever admit that the lifestyle of a ( ahem ) " sports entertainer " is one that is insane because no one can prove whether the job makes you crazy or if that crazy people are attracted to the job . it 's the whole chicken-or-the-egg argument on a human scale . the truth is that he was an overachiever who liked to prove people wrong and when his body failed him , he became depressed and quickly descended into a spiral that ultimately did him in . best parts were reliving the hollywood blonds stuff . i remember watching it back in the day and knowing that he and steve were going to be huge stars . steve even talks about how the team got over really quickly and that the plug was pulled by a booker who was worried about protecting his spot in wcw . they never name the booker but i am 90 % sure that it was ric flair back then who headed the booking committee . i am also 80 % sure that arn was on the committee too . they must have felt threatened by the flare for the old skit that set up a 2 out of 3 falls match for a tbs special in ( i am guessing ) 1992 or 1993 . great stuff though ; and brian came up with the whole gimmick . they were so hilarious together . another great part was jim ross talking about how he believed that he had become a father-figure to brian in the wwf . that was sad stuff . jr really had a hard time trying to help brian but pillman only saw the fact that jr order him to be drug tested as a huge betrayal . overall , i am going with 4 crutches out of 5 . i have n't watched any of the matches as yet but i am less interested in that kind of thing than i am the documentaries .
thank you wwe/vince for making another great dvd box set and also stone cold i got it this morning and popped this bad boy in and love it a must buy if your a old school wrestling fan or a new one i do n't regret buying this at al
i 'm new to the world of pilates and this dvd is very helpful . the instructor explains everything clearly so that you can be sure of doing each pose correctly . the great thing about this dvd is that now that i 'm getting comfortable with pilates , i can continue using this video because it lets you chose workouts for beginners , intermediates , and advanced . there 's no need to buy any additional dvds ! and days that i do n't have time to fit in a whole workout , it also gives you time ranges to choose from . this video is worth buying for those wanting to try pilates . i 've recommended it to my friends , and they all use it now
a movie not geared for morons ! what a rare find . there are n't many movies that ca n't be figured-out half way through . this film is great ; very clever . never saw the ending coming
skillful direction , screenplay , camera angles , acting . : - ) i could n't understand benicio del toro 's mumbling . it turns out he did that on purpose , as he said in the special features
a family oriented film that is humorous , fun , exciting and very entertaining ! after seeing this movie for the first time , i had to own it ! it is hard to find a good comedy that is enjoyable for all ages that is clean . this is a must own for the family
this movie is one of the best movies to ever grace theatres ! i think everybody is wrong when they say that the additional footage is not worthy and should be in the special featres menu because one of my favorite parts , which is when vivian tells edward that she wants to stop into the club to see her best friend/roommate and runs into her pimp boyfriend carlos . the extras are fabulous and could n't be better . so pick up a copy of this movie toda
pretty woman ( 15th anniversary special edition ) has to be considered one of the most classical,romantic comedies made throughout the years . julia roberts and richard gere are excellent actors together and without them i do n't believe the movie would have been the same . this classic " fairy tale " movie where the woman finds the man of her dreams is funny and different from the all the rest . this is not your typical romantic movie and i believe that is why so many people love this movie . pretty woman is a film that will always capture its audiences heart with a little added humor here and there . the 15th anniversary special edition also brought some never-before-seen scenes , deleted scenes , and commentary . the deleted scenes are also a must watch , they are just simply hilarious , and you also get to see how the actors were behind the scenes . i would recommend this movie to anyone who loves romantic movies , but who also likes added comedy as well . pretty woman is definitely one of the greatest films ever made .
armageddon december 15 , 2002 ft. lauderdale , florida  1 ) four way elimination match for the world tag team championship chris jericho & christian vs. dudley boyz vs. lance storm & william regal vs. booker t & goldust it was good pick match for first match on armageddon and they elimination too quick . at finally with chris & christian vs. booker t & goldust were doing at long match . winner : & new champion booker t & goldust rate : 8/10  2 ) edge vs. a-train it is not very well match and the cowrd not really into it . winner : edge rate : 5/10  3 ) torrie wilson vs . dawn marie wwe put they into match at a hunderd times ! rate : 0/10  4 ) eddie guerrero vs. chris beniot good and a wonderful techology wrestle match winner : eddie rate : 8/10  5 ) triple threat match for the women championship trish vs. jazz vs. jacqueline pretty good triple threat with women rate : 6/10  6 ) wwe championship big show vs. kurt angle good with big man vs. techology man in match . winner : kurt angle rate : 7/10  7 ) kane vs. batista big man match once again and it is real slow match . winner : batista rate : 6/10  8 ) world heavyweight championship shawn michaels vs . triple h in two-out-of-three falls match first-street fight- it was happen same summerslam 2002 and they spent on this street fight for at least 15 minute . and it was great too . triple win at first fall . second fall-steel cage- it was pretty short and lot of inturrped with ric flair and shawn win at second fall . tthird fall-ladder match- it was shortest than second fall . there is not much amazing impact . triple win and new champion . rate : 10/10
i never thought yoga could be so easy and beneficial .
wow this a great series . have to strongly recommend it.... yep.. has the feel of sienfeld with over the top humor . clever , awkward , somewhat vulgar . excellent .
over the years , people have grown tired of natural disaster movies . why ? because they all appear to be the same . here 's an example of a typical storyline- everything starts out nice and calm , the story focuses on one family , the family starts having problems and they split up , and then a volcano , tornado , hurricane , or whatever hits , and all the family members somehow miraculously avoid the incredible danger just so they can be together again and make up with each other by the end of the movie . well , that kind of typical storyline is n't featured here . twister is truly a classic . it 's not ordinary , either . it 's about a group of tornado chasers who , as you guessed , drive around speeding through the country in an attempt to get never-before-seen film of a twister , up close and personal . this means the film delivers the most amazing action i have honestly ever seen in a tornado movie . twister is definitely better than most of the similar type of films , and i remember in 1996 how influential this movie was . i was in 9th grade , and the science teacher played twister for the class a couple times throughout the year because it was so good and much better than other tornado films . helen hunt plays a magnificent role . she is so obsessed with her love of twisters that she barely seems to care about the divorce she 's going through . what 's great about this is that , despite giving us a really good story about a divorce , this does n't interfere with all the tornado action . there are * so * many good scenes in twister that show the devastation tornadoes are capable of that it 's simply amazing to me how much time and energy had to happen to make this movie . favorite scenes ? well , everyone seems to love the cows floating in the air , so i wo n't pick that one . i really liked the part where the twister ripped through the outside movie theater , tearing the big screen to shreds as the people quickly ran away to try and get away from it . that 's just one of many awesome scenes . the storyline is really good too . it 's not just a story about a divorce between helen and her husband . there 's a lot more to it than that . it 's complicated because the new girlfriend of the husband shows up and gets involved in all sorts of tornado action ( against her will ) . this is such an awesome movie . i highly recommend it . tornado movies do n't get any better than this . pure action from beginning to end . you will be glued to your television screen hoping the tornado chasers manage to escape the devastating danger . twister will make you think twice if you 're thinking about becoming a tornado chaser .
personally , i really enjoyed premonition . it 's got solid acting , a fascinating ( and often heart-wrenching ) story , and some decent scares . however , do n't expect an all out fright fest or you 'll be sorely disappointed . this is a story-driven film , with a plot that progresses fairly slowly . patience is necessary when viewing premonition , as is a willingness to accept ambiguity and dream-like logic in a film . but for those of you who possess those qualities , and are looking for something a little different ( particularly if you 're a fan of the genre ) , premonition might be for you
this movie is fantastic ! it is defo on my fav list . one of the best !
setting & theme ( s ) : castlerock , smallville , summer friends ' adventure , life 's lessons , solidarity found in kinsmanship and standing tall against the unknown . this 1986 instant classic of rob reiner 's directing earns its spot on the mantle of other inimitable works of film . the musical score is dramatic , it sets the tempo from start to finish , and it never misses a beat ; each song and rhythm takes you somewhere within the movie 's unfolding , and you do n't forget where until it all coalesces in a fabulous concluding . the lives of four local pals are traced from the impatient , lazy summer days of grandeur , to the oft treacherous events inherent in a trip initiated on spontaneity . one can in stand by me favorably assume to watch : pie eating contests , leeches , trains , train dodging , mail ball , fancy cars , fancy footwork ( i.e . verno 's beloved comb 's freefall ) , cantenes ( thought they disappeared w/ ben franklin 's outlets ) , junkyard dog chases , and much much more . the ending is the real gravy . the narration is superb also . by far one of the favorite films of my youth . believe john cusack can be seen playing the role of gordy 's football star elder brother ? stand by me is the childhood that big city life just does n't afford , at least not anymore . everyone nowadays instead chooses to remain trapped in their offices and maniacal distresses ; rustic destination spots , like the ones presented in this movie , are still out there folks . with a smidgen of ambition toward adventure , which will take your there , the healing power of the wilderness can become appreciated . although movies and books alone can never fully capture the true splendor of the outdoors . five stars for reiners finest photoplay .
i 'm a colin firth fan , but that 's not the only reason this movie was a great ride... it 's because it is a great ride . just enjoy...you will find yourself in stitches . the contrast between new england dry humor and brit dry humor...// it 's just too funny . oliver , colin you guys are the best ! ! !
i have nothing negative to say at all just want to leave a little info on battlestar galactica season 1 . if you are about to buy bsg season 1 and the mini series do n't bother picking up the mini series battlestar season 1 comes with the mini series . i didnt know and i spent an extra $ 17.00 for nothin . well someone i know is gunna get that for x-mas so not a complete loss but still kinda annoying if you know what i mean . happy holidays 2 u all ! ! !
half light is a movie my wife would like , if i can convince her that it 's not too scary for her . she is the most timid of movie goers , and refuses to watch horror movies with me . but half light is a ghost story very much in the classic sense : there are some scares , but at the most tepid edge of today 's horror . the movie is much more about the grief of a mother ( have the kleenex box close by ) , and has a big love story ( with running horses on a romantic beach with a lighthouse ; ugh ) in the middle of it . just the kind of thing my wife might like , when she 's willing to see something on her scary side . unfortunately for me , this is not my kind of movie at all . even so , it was well made . it was well acted . the english locations were impressively beautiful . the story was interesting , and had a good plot twist at the end . ah what the heck ; i guess i liked it after all
the third installment of our favorite wizard has him meeting a new defense of the dark arts teacher ... along with some rather scary gatekeepers as the magical world hunts for sirius black ... harry 's godfather who has escaped from the dreaded azkaban prison . meanwhile hermione discovers a way to time travel with a special locket and take more classes . it is definitley getting darker and darker ... but this third in a series sets the tone for harry 's destiny
just like it used to be . my son has enjoy every minute of i
these movies are just as great as i remembered them.. .  ralph macchio was hot in the 80s , skinny , but he pulled it off pat morita has got to be the coolest neighbor ever and watching the karate kid ii reintroduced me to a great peter cetera song : the glory of love  so rock on ralph macchio , peter cetera , and pat morita  oh yeah , hilary swank get 's in on it at the end to
csi : miami , having evolved with difficulty over the first two seasons , reaches its high point in season 3 . anyone who has watched the show realizes that horatio , unlike gil grissom or mac taylor , is the true star of the show . the rest of the csis are entertaining , but the show is truly about him . this dynamic , when combined with the glamour and glitz of the miami setting and crimes most foul , make this for me the csi that is above the rest . plotwise , season 3 is bit over the top . issues covered in this season include a stalker murder , a sports star on trial for his wife 's murder , a young woman killed in a club , the murder of a uniformed cop , gang warfare in a hospital , the killings of irs agents , speed dating that ends in a death , spree killing , and the murder of a wingwoman . some of the lesser episodes involve our old friend clavo cruz , a giant boa contricter that eats a woman , skaters and gamers , and of course , the infamous tsunami episode . the season incorporates the raymond caine subplot heavily in the last 5 or 6 episodes . this leads up to a satisfying conclusion in the season finale . the season is also one of change . a regular cast member gets killed in episode 1 , which quite frankly , was quite a relief since the character was terrible . another regular , not a csi , kills himself . a new cast member joins , officer ryan wolfe , makes the transfer from patrol to csi , and making some waves in the process . callie and delco ( who has very little to do this season ) have a tough time dealing with tragedy , and we actually see horatio dating a rather attractive assistant da , at least for a few episodes . some old familiars pop by , including suzy and madison , and raymond caine 's killer bob , who ends up being much more important in the story than we assumed . all in all it adds up to a great season , which will be extremely difficult to top in season 4 . people either love or hate this show , so if you count yourself among the fans , this is a must addition to the collection . a.g. corwin st.louis , m
this dvd has footage i had never seen before on tv . it has some of the best footage of the second plane hitting the towers . it not only covers the new york disaster but also the penatgon and pennsylvania plus the war in iraq
hey richie , get a life.. . everyone else , check out dh , it 's a great show
what 's not to like about the character of jack ryan ? he 's honest , ethical , modest , smart and rising like a shooting star in the us government . wish he was real . these are all good movies - well made , realistic , exciting and family friendly
great video , it will be a classic in the coming years as these entertainers are dying at a fast rate . they are still as good as they were in the old days considering their age
dustin hoffman , arguably one of the most popular actors of the 1980s and 90s , is in top form here -- but this time as a woman . sure , there have been other films with similar setups -- " victor/victoria " with julie andrews and " mrs. doubtfire " with robin williams , to name just two . andrews , however , is n't believable as a man , and while williams is exceptional in " doubtfire , " that movie seems to lose its " edge " near the end . in " tootsie , " jessica lange , teri garr , and dabney coleman all provide laudable -- even outstanding -- performances . lange won an oscar for best supporting actress , and garr was nominated in that category . dustin hoffman was nominated for best actor , sidney pollack for best director , and the film for best picture . why did n't it win any of those three ? one word -- " gandhi . " nevertheless , " tootsie " looks as though it were fun to make , and it is certainly fun to watch . this is an absolute must for dustin hoffman fans
" eye of the killer " is an excellent small movie . kiefer sutherland is police detective mickey hayden in a self-destructive mode since the breakup of his marriage . he chases an albino wino who runs out of a convenience store with his jack daniels into a vacant warehouse . hayden falls through a second-story floor and hits his head which starts him receiving psychic visions of the victims through the eyes of the killer . he meets a parapsychologist , dr. vera swann , played by polly walker . romantic sparks eventually fly between the two , allowing hayden to start to get over his divorce . he lost his wife to police detective john hatter played by gary hudson who seems to meddle in the investigation , eventually pointing toward his guilt . henry czerny who was the thief opposite harrison ford in " clear & present danger " and has done " pink panther " and " the exorcism of emily rose " plays harvey , a psychic that attaches himself to mickey hayden in a gay bar . hayden frequents the gay bar because it 's a place for a straight guy to be alone . with his partner ray coombs played by ronn sarosiak , they seek to find the serial killer supposedly responsible for a string of murders . all of the murders eventually are solved and improbably point at the owner of a newspaper who was trying to capitalize on the jabberwocky serial case to heighten the value of her newspaper so it could be profitably sold . loren petersen plays the hapless alice who we see fall down the stairs several times and get her skull smashed . this little drama that was originally an hbo movie works pretty well as a nouveau film noir . enjoy !
this dvd is awesome . it covers michaels disco years through the 1990s . " beat it " and " billie jean " are timeless videos and show you michael jackson at his creative zenith . this dvd also includes the full length videos of " bad " and " thriller " lets not forget " remember the time " with its amazing dance moves and catchy rythem . this dvd compilation makes you see why michael jackson will always be the king of pop . i like this dvd out of all of michael jacksons dvd releases . " dont stop till you get enough " and " rock with you " may be simple videos but i watch both videos and see an innocence in michael before the thriller phenomenon . this is the best of michael jackson . sony dvd has done an incredible job on the sound quality of this michael jackson dvd . the sound quality on a regular television or theatre system will amaze you
a clay aiken christmas was very good ! clay 's singing was spectacular ( as it always is ) , and his guests singing was wonderful ! this was a very well put together dvd , and it was fun and exciting to watch !
awesome extras ! ! ! ! not to mention the show is awesome ! ! ! kept me on the edge of my seat the whole season ! it was great to watch it again
with present day footage masterfully juxtiposed with much,heretofore unseen,period film , this multi-disc history of the great war breathes life into the first quarter of the twentieth century unlike an i 've seen thus far . we are shown how the echoes of events that occured nearly a century ago still resonate with deafening clarity in our twenty-first century lives . the mistakes which plunged the world into a decades long bloodbath are laid out in a way that describes , in riveting detail , the follies and grave consequenses of cavalier militarism . this series is neither dry or pedantic but illumunates facts with which everyone should be acquainted . perhaps we can avoid a repetition of this debacle
rarely has a film captured the essence of adolescence , teenage angst , sexual confusion and school politics as richly as this marvelous movie from alexander payne . reese witherspoon breaks out with a performance of incredible range and emotional complexity and established herself as an actress of great range . matthew broderick gives perhaps his most richly realized performance as the straightlaced teacher with his own sexual drives and confusion over his feelings for witherspoon 's often times obnoxious but undeniably strong personality . in his screen debut , chris klein brings a rare depth and humor to the cliched role of the school jock coerced into running against witherspoon , and jessica campbell is great as his sexually confused sister whose honest campaign excites the students and astonishes the faculty . one of the most painfully honest and funny sequences involves the prayers of the candidates on the night before the election . reese prays to an unfamiliar god and beseeches him to let her win so she " can carry out his divine plan . " campbell prays that she finds a lesbian lover at the catholic all girls school she deliberately caused her parents to send her to , while goofy klein shows the most depth by thanking god for all of his blessings ( especially his large penis ) and telling god he knows the best candidate will win . election is a very entertaining look at teenagers and one of the best of its kind . enjoy
the film shows us the reality that is wal-mart , many common criticisms , and many common misconceptions . it successfully shows that all of the criticisms against wal-mart are outright lies , half-truths , distortions of facts , or just plain ideological hatred for a successful business . it shows what the employees go through while on the job and off the job . it also shows how wal-mart has actually increased america 's standard-of-living by allowing the poorest of us to purchase our daily necessities at the lowest price possible and the least-skilled amongst us able to attain high-quality health benefits and a decent wage . wal-mart is not a perfect business , and it never will be . no business is perfect . unfortunately , many people do not ever cope with this fact , and do n't seem capable of it . they compare wal-mart to the " perfect " business which does not exist , and then have the audacity to complain when wal-mart does not fit their non-existant model of perfection
on december 14 , 1944 , as american troops under general douglas macarthur slowly advanced toward the island of luzon , japanese guards at the puerto princesa prison camp on palawan committed a terrible act . herding their allied war prisoners into trenches , they soaked the men with fuel and burned them alive . utah native eugene nielsen , private first class in the 59th coast artillery , was one of the few who escaped . filipino guerrillas transported the survivors to the island of morotai , where nielsen described his experience to an army intelligence officer . news of the massacre reached the pows at cabanatuan , as well , and prompted the u.s. army to embark on one of the war 's most dramatic missions -- the bataan
ok , so it may not be in the 5-star league , but it 's a great movie particularly for those who are involved in scouting . my scouts think it 's too funny
a short workout that packs a punch and will whip you up in shape ! if you like endurance weight training with short cardio bursts then you will enjoy these workouts ! i have all 4 of jillian 's endurance strength training dvds and they are very good especially when combined with 30-45 mins . cardio . the maximize full frontal dvd is a little more intense than jillian 's shape up front dvd ; it has more core work , more one-leg moves and the cardio segments always use dumbbells . the maximize back in action dvd is also a little more intense than jillian 's shape up backside dvd ; it has more core work , harder exercises and additional power moves . all 4 dvds are an excellent buy and since they are all short workouts , you can easily combine them with cardio for a well-rounded 60 minute workout . note : you will not like jillian 's workouts if you prefer to go heavy with weights .
" cinderella ii : dreams come true " is a series of three stories featuring mostly characters from the original cinderella and a few new ones . the animation is amazing --- it 's filled with lush color ( except for muted color when the story calls for it ) and the animation looks very polished . it 's really a sight to see . the three stories in this are called , according to the closing credits --- " aim to please , " " tall tail " and " an uncommon romance . " these stories are all tied together with the idea that the fairy godmother is helping the mice to make a storybook about the adventures of them and cinderella since the time that cinderella met the prince . the very first story finds cinderella arriving at the castle after her honeymoon . the prince is forced to rush away on important state business and cinderella is left in charge of the royal banquet/ball . she has no idea what she 's supposed to do and so this woman named prudence is assigned to help her out . but will cinderella be able to pull this together in time and in a way that will please the king ? the second story , " a tall tail " finds cinderella in preparation for the spring festival . jaq wants to help out , but it seems like cinderella no longer has any time for him . he makes a wish to become human . the final story contains the surprising premise that cinderella 's stepsister anastasia is falling in love with a breadmaker at market . the evil stepmother forbids this romance , but cinderella decides to show anastasia that even she can have a dream come true . the voice talent is amazing . they did a great job of casting people who made the voices sound just like the original film . unless you 're really listening hard , you 'll be hard-put to notice any difference at all . the music in this film is a combination of themes from the original and a few new songs performed by brooke allison . i 'd never heard anything by brooke allison before ( that i know of ) , but she 's an amazing artist . perhaps the most surprising piece is the closing credits number ( also featured as a music video ) --- a techno version of " bibbidi bobbidi boo " called " put it together . " it works quite well . another great song is " follow your heart . "   for a disney sequel , this dvd also has some nice special features . there 's the aforementioned music video , which features entirely of clips from the film , rather than the recording session by brooke allison . however , you do get to see some of the recording in the musical magical featurette , which also includes an examination of the film 's score by the composer . there 's a cinderella storybook , which allows you to read a story about jaq and mary with or without narration . the enchanted castle game is fairly simple , but not too bad --- you get to help with the decoration and cleanup of cinderella 's castle , preparing a meal and dressing cinderella . there 's also a dvd-rom game called cinderella 's dollhouse . finally , of course , this dvd has the usual previews/trailers for other movies , but perhaps not so usual . this is a great set of trailers . there 's a promo for the " beauty and the beast " special edition dvd in which they talk about how they inserted " human again " into the film . also including in this set is a neat disney dvd " pure digital magic " promo that i had never seen before . this dvd is truly a worthy edition to the disney cinderella story . it really has everything you could want from a sequel to this film and does n't ruin the original story in any way
i bought this set a couple of weeks ago and just finished getting through it . it is well worth the money . you wo n't be sorry you bought it . funny as it gets
where did this guy come from ? my daughter rented this eddie izzard dvd . i was blind-sided with the sophisticated , mime-style humor of eddie izzard ( is this his real name ? is he really a " he " ? ) . from hearing about genesis to wondering why noah had to get two of everything... including ducks... , eddie izzard brought a unique perspective to comedy . nothing was off limits... the queen mother , death , hopscotch , speed archeology , toasters , and achilles . it is all here ! take special note of the set... very minimalist . izzard uses his talents to make you " see " what he is describing , without depending on props . from swords to hoovers , you will get his meaning . rated r for mild profanity , and i for irreligious
i was totally taken with this new rendition of the broadway musical . the only downside is that i 'm not much of an alec baldwin fan , but..... he did ok ! i encourage anyone who enjoys a heartwarming musical to see this one
what i enjoy most about this movie , is not what i particularly enjoyed when it first came out . being 11 when it came out , i was attracted to the urbanism of which i was not too familiar with . i did n't exactly grow up in the best neighborhood , but it was no inglewood either . i think many of the younger viewers were attracted to this aspect of the film ; the urban youth seeing for the first time , thier lives on a film of this caliber , and the suburban youth somehow glorifying this life . while i still enjoy the entire film , what i particularly enjoy now is the begining of the film . the story of a troubled young boy who while having a strong mother with her head on her shoulders , ca n't be tamed by her . she sends him to live with his father , who is in many ways her equal . but he is a man . and one of her lines in the movie is " i ca n't teach him how to be a man , that 's your job . " how true this is . not to sound sexist , because their are millions of young boys all over the planet who are better off with just thier mother , ( because of an abusive father , etc . ) but you need a man to teach you to be a man . larry fishburne 's charachter in this movie does this perfectly . one quote , " i know you think i 'm being hard on you tre , but i 'm not . what i 'm trying to do is to teach you responsibility . your friends across the street do n't have anyone to do that , your'e gon na see how they end up , too . " i loved how this was a story about two strong and intelligent parents ( while divorced ) raise their son the way they know best , and not about a junkie mom and a deadbeat dad who raise a criminal . i 'd have to say that my favorite character is furious . yes , reva ( tre 's mom ) played an equally strong part , but i loved how " real " furious was . " young " tre i thought played an excellent part - better than gooding jr. ? maybe . overall a great movie ; it 's success made it harder for corporate america to ignore the reality of inner-city youth as it exists today .
a great suspense movie with terrific slow camera-work adding to the dramatics makes this a treat to watch and enjoy . director-writer brian de palma does a super hitchcock-imitation ( many called it a " ripoff " ) with this film and the 2.35 : 1 widescreen dvd is a must to fully appreciate the camera-work ( and several scenes with people hiding on each side which are lost on formatted-for-tv tapes ) . the downside of the movie , at least to anyone that has some kind of moral standard , is the general sleaziness of all the characters , including the policeman played by a pre-nypd dennis franz ( who has hair here ! ) . the opening scene is still shocking with a fairly long shower scene of angie dickinson that is quite explicit , even 25 years after its release . the film has several erotic scenes in it as dickinson ( if that is really her on the closeups ) and nancy allen are not shy about showing their bodies . there is not much dialog in the first 20 minutes and no bad language until franz enters the picture after the murder . the first 36 minutes are riveting and even though it 's apparent who the killer is , it 's still very good suspense and fun to watch all the way through , particularly for males ogling the naked women .
" dr. strangelove : or how i learned to stop worrying and love the bomb " is one/third of the films that are considered stanley kubrick 's masterpieces ( the other two are 2001 : a space odyssey & a clockwork orange ) . it 's a satire , released in 1964 that still works and is watched by many people today . whenever you look at a list of great movies , it 's on there . it holds a place on the american film institute 's top 100 ( # 26 ) , the american film institute 's top 100 comedies ( # 3 ) , is featured in roger ebert 's " the great movies , " and is just , overall , acknowledged as a fine piece of cinema . the movie opens with general jack d. ripper ( sterling hayden ) launching an unauthorized nuclear attack against russia . the general is clearly mad and believes that the russians are polluting everyone 's valuable bodily fluids . the only person who can stop ripper is captain mandrake ( peter sellers ) , a british guy who listens to ripper 's ranting in disbelief . meanwhile , at the pentagon , the president of the united states ; president muffley ( peter sellers , again ) assembles a meeting in the war room where he is told hesitantly by general buck turgidson ( george c. scott ) that the bombers can not be recalled , no one can reach ripper , etc . in one of the most hilarious characters i 've ever seen portrayed on screen , we meet dr. strangelove ( peter sellers , yet again ) a strategist aiding the people in the war room . strangelove 's right hand , covered in a black glove , has a mind of its own...it frequently throws up nazi salutes and tries to kill strangelove . also happening in the story is one of the planes heading to russia to drop the bomb . the ruler of the cockpit is major " king " kong ( slim pickens ) , a character that was supposed to be played by sellers but reportedly could n't because sellers had recently suffered a broken angle . the scene where kong rides a nuclear bomb as if he was riding a bull is one of the scenes in the movie that you 're not likely to forget . now , this is a funny and important film ; but it 's not my favorite kubrick film , nor is it the most entertaining kubrick film . but due to it 's significance and the performances ( by sellers , hayden , and especially scott ) it definitely deserves the term " masterpiece . "  entertainment : b humor : a- importance : a overall grade : a-
this black and white masterwork of film is a must see for all . this is a not just a courtroom movie , but an examination of ourselves and how we see each other . reginald rose 's original play reads like a powerhouse , even in a highschool english class , but given the direction of sidney lumet , the dynamite cast and the beautifully stark black and white cinematography it becomes a legend on film . this movie centers on the diverse jury and it 's deliberations in the murder trial of a young puerto rican man accused of killing his own father . it is an examination of our perception of one another , our selfish nature , our apathy when a crisis occurs-but does not affect us and our preconceived ideas of each other not based not upon fact , but upon our own experiences and traumas . it sheds light on how we process our decisions and how we can be easily yet unknowingly swayed away from the truth and yet believe we make honest and fair evaluations of fact , when in all truth we do not . this was the only film in which henry fonda starred and was the producer and it was slow to take off at the box office . but within a few years this film became an american film mainstay . regardless of the stunning performances and positive reviews , he never produced again . this film has many of the early television and film greats and each gives a riveting performance ! ! ! there 's jack klugman , martin balsam , john fiedler , e.g . marshall and lee j. cobb who gives one of the most memorable performances in the film . cobb , who was known for his moving portrayal of willie loman in death of a salesman , is aggravating and compelling . fonda depicts the " voice of reason " juror that is neither self-righteous or bleeding-heart wimpy . he challenges the other jurors and the viewer alike to rethink their conclusions and recalculate them by utilizing all the facts . anyone that sees this movie will recognize at least someone they know that is like each juror , which are designated only by number throughout it 's entirety , in their daily lives . do n't let the black and white format sway you , this dvd is presented in a lovely widescreen format that intensifies the expert cinematic talents of the golden age of the silver screen . this is considered an essential for anyone that loves film . my thirteen year old actually sat mesmerized through the whole film and began to watch some of my other dvds ( to kill a mockingbird , inherit the wind , judgement at nuremburg , to name a few ) and at that tender young age , he is determined to spread the word and keep the tradition of sharing these movies of great distinction. .  metaldiva sez : this is one of the essential films you should watch and share with your friends and family . this is an excellent price to own and to share . get it today... .
i feel this movie should be seen by all . it 's awesome , and really makes you think . you get very attached to the characters and feel what they are feeling . i highly recommend it ! awesome movie
it 's really refreshing to watch series such as bones . it 's witty and suspenseful . unlike law and order , this show has more...well everything . the characters are all very likeable . there are little romantic moments between the main characters that make the show more interesting . basically...just get season 1 , you wo n't regret it
i have n't watched the first season - i just started watching the show so i 'm a very brand new viewer - but i 've seen two episodes of season 2 and this is really a good show . its subject matter is grim , yes , but there are light moments and the cast has nice chemistry , especially david boreanaz ( buffy the vampire slayer , angel ) and emily deschanel . the stories are interesting w/out being too scientific so anyone can follow along . and i never realized how much information a person can get just by examining someone 's bones ( okay , maybe only in tv land ) .
` sophie scholl - die letzten tage ' ( ` sophie scholl - the final days ' ) follows the last six days of the life of sophie scholl , member of ` the white rose ' small anti-nazi organization that protested against hitler through the non-violence method in the war-time munich . her life had been filmed in germany twice before - ` the white rose ' by michael verhoeven , and ` the five last days ' by percy adlon both in 1982 . unfortunately i have n't seen them , but the fact proves that this anti-war organization during the wwii in germany , some part of which still remain mystery , has been always a very fascinating topic in that country . now , using the unpublished materials that were unavailable then , german director marc rothemund made another film based on this important episode in the german history . this time he gives stress to the realistic description of the last six days of sophie scholl , a 21-year-old college student who was arrested with her brother during the political activities against the nazi in 1943 . actually sophie was only posting and scattering the anti-hitler fliers in college campus , but that was enough for the nazi ; at first , however , they were not sure . sophie is just an ordinary student , and the nazi interrogator robert mohr was not convinced . the film spends considerable time in depicting the dialogues between sophie scholl and robert mohr , and the rising tension between two real-life characters , supported by historical material and strong acting , is one of the most impressive parts of the film . consequently the film becomes a bit talky sometimes , but both julia jentsch ( ` the edukators ' ) and gerald alexander held did a fantastic job as two realistic persons with souls , without making them too saintly or monstrous . if you 're looking for the facts about the white rose itself , you may be disappointed . the behaviors of sophie and hans , her brother , before their arrest by the police look incredibly reckless , far from that of organized resistance . the film would not tell you much about what the group was really doing before they were caught because it is about the spiritual transformation of sophie scholl . i do n't know anything about the historical accuracy of the film , but it is clear that the filmmakers took great care to present the most accurate portrait of sophie scholl ( see the detailed procedures of the court , for example ) . because of that , the film sometimes gets slower than it should be , but still the powerful acting from the actors are as fascinating as this historical event itself . but the strongest , or i should say , the most shocking part of the film is waiting for you at the end of the film . one image still haunts my mind , which i ca n't tell you of course , but all i can say is , prepare for one sequence that is more unnerving and disturbing any suspense or horror films . like ` downfall ' another gripping german film about the nazi , ` sophie scholl - die letzten tage ' gives you a realistic image of a human during the war . and this is a heart-wrenching story about one real-life person that lived an extraordinary life .
the incredibles is a first-class animated film about a superhero and his family who are forced to seek the anonymity of a government witness protection program to escape a rash of lawsuits orchestrated by their enemies . mr . incredible has to endure the boredom of a job as an insurance claims specialist while his wife and children cooperate by also concealing their extraordinary powers in front of others . this is hardest on the children as they play with youngsters at school and on the athletic field . eventually , mr . incredible is lured out of retirement on a ruse by a former foe . by now mr . incredible is older and fatter but he still proves equal to the challenge . the rest of the movie is filled with excitement and comical moments as mr . incredible finds himself in a tight spot from which only his family can rescue him . the cast is headed by craig t. nelson and holly hunter . ms. hunter supplies the voice for elastigirl who is also the wife of mr . incredible . the incredibles was nominated for an academy award for best achievement in sound and best writing , screenplay written directly for the screen . oscars were won for best animated feature film of the year and best achievement in sound editing . in addition , the incredibles won the new york film critics circle award for best animated film
we own three baby faith dvd 's . our favorite is " god made music " , followed by " god made me " . " god made animals " , while still a good video , is our least favorite . for one , the animal puppets ranged somewhere between uninspiring and downright disturbing ( but judge for yourself , i 've posted some pictures ) . the frog was creepy - since when do frogs have lips ? the visuals accompanying the musical sequences seemed to be less imaginative and stimulating than the other videos too . and the undersea clips at the end looked as old as cousteau and were thoroughly uninteresting to my one year-old son , who is entranced by the other two videos but does n't seem to care much for this one . my suggestion...watch before you buy , if you can . if your kid likes it , go for it . if not , try the other videos . you may get a different reaction
i do n't care what people say , i got it right off the bat , what the movie was about & i joy it as well .. alien & predator .. kids,it worked just fine for me .. & you got to love . . predator ..kicking butt .. those cool look aliens . it 's fun watching & i 'll enjoy , years to come . . calling spaceship earth . . thank for the trip & thanks for dropping me at back home . based more on comic books " alien vs . predator " .. not so much on passed alien movies or predator movies .
i 'm not a big fan of tom or demi , and jack even wears out his welcome in some films , but not here . the supporting roles are superbly done , the tension in the plot is sustained well until the end , and when this shows up on cable tv i almost always watch it again for a half-hour or so . here you find soldiers and the law and political correctness in conflict , and that reflects a lot of real life in the usa during the past four years . i enjoy the script , because it demonstrates how brain power sometimes wins out over brute force .
i have been a fan of csi since the first season has come out . i am an avid collector of dvds and i 'm way behind , i 'm on another show right now as we speak . anyway , i love the sound , and the special features are always low , but i do n't mind that . there is just one thing that i did not like . part of the cover case on my season four dvd , came off . it still fits into my dvd collection , and i obviously wo n't buy another copy because the dvd 's are working fine , but the plastic may come into a problem
had this movie on vhs and my family wore it out . ! an unexpected gem in the harry potter tradition
this was a wonderful story telling about the hard-working italian immigrants that started their businesses in new york . their determination , long hours , and love of family represent the values those immigrants brought to america . if you love to cook & have an italian heritage , you 'll enjoy this film
could n't believe that this was the same john lithgow who starred in " third rock from the sun " , an hilarious comedy that ran for a few years on nbc . john plays the ultimate bad guy seeking twisted revenge for being stopped in his tracks by denzel 's character . was n't expecting much , but this movie was surprisingly entertaining . yes , it was a little violent , and some parts were a tad unbelievable , but overall , denzel and john were worthy antagonists . boy , denzel sure was gorgeous ! ! still is .
seeing/hearing a movie such as this in the german language adds another layer which makes the movie ultra realistic . furthermore the actors who play the key roles , especially hitler , but also goebbels , speer , himler are so alike to the actual historical figures it really is eerie . what sets the film apart from other wwii/hitler films is that the characters are portrayed as human beings -- not stereotypical hollywood caricatures . what makes it chilling is that these human beings can be charming and yet a split second carry out the most horrific acts one can imagine . furthermore the the director avoids melodrama . the events unfold on the screen naturally drawing the the viewer into the events as if one were actually in the bunker witnessing the horrifying events before the fall of berlin . as good as schindler 's list and saving private ryan were , this film by comparision makes the them seem too contrived and over-acted . this is a milestone in wwii genre of film-making
i became interested in this movie after reading the book " ishmael " by daniel quinn and learning from a friend that this movie was based on the book . it was a very good movie and anthony hopkins is wonderfully persuasive but all the suggestion from " ishmael " there seems to be is just that living in nature is better than living in civilization . there was nothing that indicated the precariousness of civilization - " takers " are mentioned but it comes across more as you just do n't know what you are missing by being one - not that all of nature has had it . heck , the movie makers would be shooting their own business in the foot if they were really to try and convince us to head back to the trees . but of course that was the main point of " ishmael " . if we do n't give up being takers and go back to being part of nature , then nature has had it and so have we
this is a good cold war drama . after a soviet spy satellite comes down in the wrong place , the race is on to recapture the film . as was pointed out in the film , the soviets used their german scientists to launch the satellite containing the camera stolen from england 's german scientists using a special film developed by the us 's german scientists . the film has the location of both side 's missile installations and both sides want it . neither side will give an inch . the chase takes place with a us nuclear sub , overcrowded by marines and spies . the problem is that there is a double agent on board who will give up his own life to sabotage the mission . the twists and turns do n't stop and neither does the excitement . the film is dated but still a good show . the photography especially is spectacular , especially for that day and age . rock hudson leads an all star cast which does a great job across the board .
i had to replace my video with this dvd version . this movie is spectacular--beautiful photography , excellent acting , and most importantly a tremendous comment on the social restrictions placed on women of the time . it is based on the true life of one of the first commissioned female artists in europe . artemesia , whose father is an artist , is forbidden to draw or paint the human body . her efforts to do so lead her into difficulties . her father is supportive but even he must fight the social structure--especially when trying to get her into the male-only art school . he finally gets her apprenticed to another talented artist and is devastated when he finds they have engaged in an " unlawful " relationship . he files rape charges and everyone suffers . a brilliant social commentary
before i saw this sequel , i had heard and read that it was a terrible film . however , be cool is still an enjoyable comedy even if it 's not as good as the original . it 's full of so much self-deprecating humor that you ca n't help but cut it a break . i laughed quite a few times , and there are a lot of fun moments . however , the film is a bit uneven . the movie tries hard to find the humor in hit men and quirky characters , but it often seems to be trying a bit too hard . john travolta reprises his role as chili palmer , hollywood gangster , who now turns his eye to the music business . using his " negotiation skills , " he tries to run an independent record label with the wife of a murdered friend , played by uma thurman , and try to get his young singer ( christina milian ) a hit record . an impressive cast is what saves the movie from sinking . the best performance is given by the rock and it 's nice to see him in a different type of role . vince vaughn also gives a funny performance though he started to get annoying before the end . surprisingly , uma thurman gives an average performance and i was expecting more from her . john travolta done an average job in his role but his performance was kind of dull . christina milian gives a horrible performance and she 's also not that good of a singer . cedric the entertainer gives a good performance though he is n't in the film for very long . andre 3000 had some funny moments and done a decent job as well . there are also a bunch of cameos including steven tyler and james wood . f. gary gray directs and he does a poor job . he just does n't handle the film very well and the movie is kind of a mess . there was also a ton of product placement and it got annoying after awhile . also at 118 minutes , the film is too long and there are a lot of slow spots . the film needed to be edited badly and it clearly was n't . fortunately for the film , the actors are able to rise above the weak direction and script and they deliver some funny scenes . sometimes , the film tried too hard while other times it was actually pretty funny . compared to the original , the sequel does n't measure up well . however , be cool is a fairly harmless and forgettable comedy . in the end , be cool is worth a rental and that 's it .
..........so i do consider myself somewhat of an expert in the clinical arena . i have watched them all , marcus welby right on through er . scrubs is the most realistic , albiet tongue-in-cheek representation of our professions . you can not take everything seriously , but , if you believe an emergency room can function like er 24/7 and still have people standing , you 're out of touch w/ reality as well
this is a must-have dvd , not only for wrasslin ' fans , but for all of mankind . you will learn the ways of the warrior and hopefully learn something about yourself as well .
this dvd is hilarious. . ultimate warrior was a pretty cool character but legally changing his name to the warrior... that is downright weird . christain is too funny in his impressionation
this was my first exercise ball tape i bought . being a larger size person , i found that this was a help to getting started . i can do most of the exercises right away . i like that it has exercises with weights also . i find this a help to getting back into shape , even with my bad back .
lots of good exercises and lots of helpful hints . good dvd ! would recommend it to friends
director richard donner ( ladyhawke , superman , lethal weapon i , ii , iii , iv , etc . ) leads an ensemble cast of stars gerard butler , billy connolly , frances o'connor , ethan embry , morton csokas and david thewlis " back into time only to find out that if history had not been changed by these characters the present might not exist ! " ( yeah ! i wrote those words ! not another critic yet it 's a true analysis of this fantastic film ! ) if you loved richard donner 's ladyhawke then timeline ( 2003 ) based on the novel by michael crichton should capture your need to escape for a good two hours entirely ! modern day archeological students go into the past by way of new age technology in order to rescue their professor . on the way and in the way are knights of not so good caliber , ladies in distress and one man in particular who finds himself lured to a past he never realized existed for him until he is there ! my rating of timeline is five stars ! i can sit here and give away the plot but in order for you , the viewer to truly enjoy it , i 'm not ! when i saw timeline for the first time it was in order to see another wonderful donner production and billy connolly , a scot to whom my heart had been lost . the character of " marek " ( gerard butler ) enslaved me upon my first sight of him ! as " creedy " in reign of fire i 'd fallen slightly under his spell and was willing to battle with dragons that i 'd gone to cheer on in the film . " creedy 's " torched demise gave me cause to end their existence . " marek " is yet another character such as ladyhawkes " navarre . " ( rutger hauer ) for ladies who love a beleaguered knight without armor and men who like a man 's man , " marek " is your fellow ! timeline is wonderful fun but enough of a twist to make you think about what actually would happen should we have the technology to " back to the future ! " this is one film not only well worth the money but well worth the time to view over again and again ! for ladies who despair of a real man keep this one within hand 's grasp at a moment 's notice ! : - )
this bbc miniseries has a well earned reputation as being much looser and freer with its literary souce ( here the source material is not just one work but several works of dh lawrence ) than most literary adaptations for english television . also , while most bbc productions of literary masterpieces are studies in social conservatism this one obviously identifies with and invites us to identify with its most irreverent and forward-thinking characters : in this case the sultry and sophisticated , and somewhat libertine ( in a 1920 's kind of way ) , lady chatterly & the earthy and irreverent and smoldering ( smoldering both with class resentment and with lust for a lady from the oppressive class ) oliver mellors . both of these factors can be attributed to director ken russell who has had a long and illustrious career writing and directing some of the bbc 's best programs ( many of them about musical composers ) . russell is nothing if not unconventional and freethinking . of course most of us in the states know ken russell as the director of a handful of cult classics such as tommy ( 1975 ) , altered states ( 1979 ) ,and , gothic ( 1986 ) ; all of which feature lurid dream sequences and , some would say , gratuitously lewd situations . but ken russell is actually a director with many facets , and russell 's interest in dh lawrence goes back to at least 1969 when he made what is still the best dh lawrence adaptation on film , women in love ( starring glenda jackson , oliver reed & alan bates ) . he then followed that up twenties years later with the rainbow ( starring amanda donohoe , and sammie davis ) . both of these adaptations are known for being restrained and fairly true to their sources even though russell did add some scenes in both which were not in the original books ; his additions , however , were tasteful and even added clarity to the material . what is interesting about this new dh lawrence adaptation is that ken russell seems to have remained interested in dh lawrence for so many years and for many of the same reasons . dh lawrence more than any other author in the english language , or any language for that matter , stands for the power of the body and the bodies experience over the power of reason . this was the main theme of his earlier dh lawrence adaptations and this is the main theme of his latest . but this one is by far the most sensual of the three and that is largely due to the fact that joely richardson seems to be the very embodiment of sensual awakening ; the actress seems as willing as her character to simply follow the dictates of the body regardless of social norms . its always a big deal when a high profile actress ( especially one with the lineage of joely richardson ) sheds her clothes on screen , but to do so on british televison for all to see takes more than a little boldness . the nudity is well done and adds to the allure of this bbc classic ; no question about that . the greatest scene in the entire 4 hour miniseries is not the nudity , however , but , the vision joely has before she ever ventures out to that hut in the woods . one night after hearing her blowhard husband , lord clifford ( who cares more for his family estate " wragby " and his " class " than he does about any individual ) , read from socrates about the white horse of reason and the black horse of desire , she dreams she is riding through a greek temple full of nude men who seem to be growing like vines out of the stone . this is not something that dh lawrence ever wrote , this is pure ken russell and yet its the most exciting thing in the whole miniseries ; plus its the best way to deliver lady chatterly 's state of mind ( or body ) to us . dh lawrence is actually very wordy for one who claims to be interested in the body more than in the mind but ken russell has found a visual shorthand for delivering those lawrentian themes with nice visuals . i only wish there were more moments like this . the most sensual acting is done by joely richarson when in her private chambers . and russell seems to be keenly aware that it is lady chatterly 's imagination that fires her body . after the horse dream connie drapes a veil over her head and walks nude through the house down to lord clifford 's first-floor room . this scene is more imaginatively and erotically charged than any of the actual love scenes that will follow . the actual affair between lady chatterly and oliver mellors is a little odd ; in fact its very awkward . at first they just agree ( sort of ) to use each other for sex . but of course that never works and soon they are intimates thoroughly engaged with each other , body and mind , and running naked through the rainy glades and meadows ; then sitting nake dbefore a fire and pretending to be lady jane and john thomas . their " understanding " involves a mutual appreciation of nature , and a mutual loathing of lord clifford and the upper-class privileges that he defends as birthrights . russell gets a lot of mileage out of the racine and proust reading and piano and chess playing lord clifford and his antagonisms toward all those that he perceives to be lower than himself ( pretty much everyone in the coal mining community that he owns ; this actor really has fun with this role and russell obviously enjoys his rants because he gives him so many ) . lord clifford is actually a pretty forward-thinking guy , in his own way , as he does give his wife permission to take a lover , but , arguably , its for selfish reasons : he merely wants an heir . we certainly pity this wwi vet who must cart himself around in various malfunctioning contraptions ( metaphors for the mind and its futile tinkerings perhaps ; what people are reduced to when they no longer have a functioning body ) but he just wo n't allow anyone to actually like him except his live-in nurse who finds him curiously attractive ( a plot thread that russell leaves undeveloped ) . he even vents about the lower classes " knowing their place " in the " natural " scheme of things right in front of his house servants . russell lingers on the face of one table servant as he does so ( another striking russell touch ) . no mistaking whose side this film maker is on . so this affair of the body between lady chatterly and mellors is actually informed by a social awareness and a mutual understanding and empathy ( which one could argue is as much about reason as it is about the body ) . in any event we eventually come to accept that these two opposties are drawn to one another for a variety of social and sexual reasons : the one perhaps fueling the other . lady chatterly 's own father and sister are free-living bohemians ; so why exactly she was attracted to the repressed snob lord clifford chatterly is a bit of a mystery . both her father and sister encourage connie to find lovers but her sister anyway is as much as a snob as lord clifford . we 're not certain and we never hear what her father thinks of her affair with the gamekeeper mellors so we never know if the affair has had social repercussions for lady chatterly herself . the ending is a bit ...well i do n't want to give it away . suffice it to say that it 's different than the book and it does n't quite resolve those class issues that it raised . the answer seems to be : leave england . perhaps the ending is based on one of lawrence 's short stories . in any event ken russell 's creative attitude toward the " classics " is perhaps the most attractive thing about this adaptation . i hope his attitude is contagious and will inspire more loose and free treatments of the classics . this cultural freedom is refreshing and liberating ( for mind and body ) .
sure , i could have compared phantom quest corp. to a lot of other animes out there , but the basic premise is the same -- we get a group of people who are working together to solve sci-fi mysteries...and there is definitely nothing wrong with that . a friend of mine introduced me to this series , and i must say that i was pleasantly surprised overall . if you love having vampires and mummies , among other things , show up in your anime , along with a huge dosage of humor to boot , then you will absolutely love this show -- it manages to take dark subject matter and make it into something comical . i think the biggest weakness in this series is definitely a coherent side story -- it seems like things are a little too hashed together at times , and a little too rushed . on top of that , half of the phantom quest team only shows up when actually needed to do something , such as the team exorcist and the fortune teller -- neither of these two characters really gets a strong introduction at all . one more weakness would really be in the music as well , which i found continuously grating on my nerves -- mainly , the theme song . most of the other music is just merely ok . complaints aside , this is definitely worth your time , especially for such a small price -- buy this one , you certainly wo n't regret it
to be honest , i think i found this by looking at listmania lists when i was searching for other anime titles . i had never heard of it , but the reviews seemed good and the price was more than attractive so i decided to give it a shot , although i did n't really expect too much . boy am i glad i bought it ! the only thing i did n't like about it was that there were only 4 episodes . i know this review says pretty much the same thing as all the other reviews , but i figured i should throw in my two cents anyway
when i saw this i though &quot ; why not , it does n't look overly violent&quot ; . boy am i glad i tried it . while there are the usual fight scenes the overriding theme is a wonderful sense of humor . as a night owl , i adore the morning scenes using different , highly original , method to awaken the heroine . a real keeper and i just wish it was a long series
this is the best way to spend the evening with your children . it is very well done , and the actors made this a neverland not to forget . we have watch it multi times and told eveyone we come in contact to rent it , buy it , but most of all watch it
i really liked this film . before michael moore became a liberal celebrity , he was a completely obscure magazine writer and filmmaker . this film was a major underground hit at the time , and it still is excellent today . you really feel for the people who lose their jobs , and you 're infuriated by the callous indifference of roger smith and the management of general motors . i really liked the segment where flint tries to reinvent itself as tourist mecca of the midwest . it consisted of a horribly misguided attempt at opening up a hilton in downtown flint , and opening up a theme park called auto world . it justs smacks of desperation and stupidity ; it has make you laugh and grimace at the same time . instead of giving these people really good jobs again , they come up with this idiotic scheme , which ended up in disaster ( both the hilton and auto world closed within a year ) . moore in recent years has become a " political celebrity " , in that politics has become quite the cottage industry in america . it 's not just moore doing it ; right wingers like hannity and coulter have been doing it too . they all got books ; some of them got films ; some of them have radio shows . a lot of them are n't really interested in changing anything , as it might interfere with their livelihoods . i do n't know if moore is like that or not . but this is still a potent , darkly funny film about real class warfare , and the dismantling of the working class in america .
leftist-anti establishmentarian michael moore is mad as hell and he 's not taking it anymore as his smalltown america , flint , mi has just lost 30,000 + jobs as greedy g.motors exects move plant to mexico and put above mentioned thousands out of work . moore does a good job of keeping the subject serious for a change . other good moore films included fahrenheit 911 and the big one . others he 's done get too far into his leftist politics which i am ( far-political-middle/populist ) am not into . good job here , michael
a film about the porn industry in the late 70 's early 80 's . great cast , great performances , great story , just a great film . unique approach to the subject , characters that are flashy yet human with real emotion ,characters played by julianne moore , don cheadle , heather graham , william h. macy , and burt reynolds respectfully , are great to watch . this is a performance piece
i love this movie . how can you not with such hilarious diologue ? one of my most favorites is when yzma outlines her first plan to get rid of kuzko . ending with a hilarious " i 'll smash it with a hammer ! " but diologue aside , there 's so much more to this movie . the characters are so wonderfully individual , from self-absorbed kuzko , to evil yzma with her " secret lab " , to dim witted kronk with his shoulder angel and devil ( secondly , look what i can do . um , i do n't see how that.. . no , no . he 's got a point . ) over and over agian , this movie will keep you laughing . watch , and enjoy
wonderful to find in the sale just as my tape was wearing out.delightful movie,well acted by all but especially wonderful performance by bridges as the human/alien hybrid.a superb print too.thanks amazon - you did it again
frida is luscious eye candy from beginning to end ; so beautiful it could be enjoyed without sound . this is due to its subject , its star , and its director , julie taymor , who also gave us the astounding titus . ( if you have not yet seen titus , do so before finishing this review - it is an art director 's tour de force on a par with brazil . )  regardless of where one falls on the political spectrum , one ca n't help but be intrigued by the fascinating , and certainly unconventional , people of frida . diego rivera , played superbly by alfred molina , boasted the traditional faults of great artists , ( narcissism , thoughtless cruelty , obsessive egotism ) , while showcasing some exceptional ones , ( art as propaganda device , naive political idealism ) . his flaws were as large as his murals , but he was never dull . in addition to starring as frida , salma hayek co-produced the film and pretty much moved heaven and earth to get it made . how wonderful that she did . hayek has traveled under a hollywood curse , appearing in one dreadful picture after another . this is clearly the film she wants to be remembered by , and her performance is note perfect . the story is so full of pain and passion that it could easily become maudlin and goopy , but hayek never lets that happen . her frida is heart and steel all at once - amazing . the take home message , if there is one , is that great art is never free . in the case of rivera , others paid the price ; he fed off others like a greedy child . in the case of frida kahlo , she herself paid the price , digging further and further into her own pain and laying it bare in a way that is almost unspeakably brave . there are moments of magic realism in frida , where we move imperceptibly from the filmed image to paintings and vice versa - if nothing else this reveals the paintings for what they were , astounding autobiographical statements . there are a few missteps . the liaisons with trotsky and josephine baker feel almost obligatory , as if a form is being filled out . but blemishes this small are overshadowed by so many splendid moments , for example , when rivera 's dog urinates on his painting and he responds by calling him the best art critic in mexico . beyond highly recommended - must viewing .
we enjoy listiening and watching this dvd on our hdtv . we play this when have friends over with the volume low and find them humming or singing along
of all the many many documentaries recounting the despicable acts of mass murder committed in the name of allah on that day , this is by far the most comprehensive and the most unflinching . because of this , those whose mindsets side more with that of the terrorists will find this factual documentary somewhat distressing in its raw recitation of events . and perhaps none more so than " caesar " in his review of sept. 17 , 2006 . if only he found at least as troubling the carnage , bloodshed , and destruction deliberately perpetrated by his islamic buddies against civilian populations . but , more on this in a bit . as regards this extraordinary video , from the perspectives of air traffic controllers , faa officials , norad and neads , the air crews and passengers on board each of the four doomed flights , to the testimonies of the witnesses , participants , firefighters , and all the heroes on and near ground zero , this is the singular documentary that takes you minute by minute through the hell deliberately planned and perpetrated by those whose religion had them believing that the execution of such hellish bloodshed granted them virgin-laden heaven . ( and no... this is not the " propaganda " or view of the documentary , but instead my own conclusions drawn on many years of personal investigation of islam ) . anyone who , like " caesar " here , could watch this fully factual account and then call such a splendid documentary " goody-goody propaganda " " try ( ing ) to portray the us as good guys being hit by the bad guys... " reveals instead either their rabid religious fanaticism or otherwise their own anti-american hatred for so apparently condoning such ghastly blood-soaked horrors as the acts of " good guys " retaliating against " bad guys . "  while " caesar " ( how telling a nickname ) attempts to school us ignorant americans on our country 's past political-policy foibles , yet he fails to mention the billions in financial and economic aid we have given the islamic nations , the millions in military equipment and technical advisory assistance provided them as they struggled against invading soviet forces and/or other foreign enemies attempting to annex and rule over sovereign islamic nations , the ousting from kuwait of the brutal armed forces of an islamic fascist dictator who had invaded and then " enjoyed " weeks of the metaphoric and all too literal raping in this tiny islamic nation while openly looting , terrorizing , butchering , torturing , and murdering its citizens while none of its islamic neighbors lifted so much as a finger to intervene , but instead begged the united nations and the u.s. to solve their problems for them... which we did ! and these are just a tiny listing of the far greater acts we have done for the cause of justice and good , and all of it on islam 's behalf . and yet , 9/11 is only the latest and greatest terrorist massacre by which we continue to be repaid by the bloodthirsty religion of islam for all we have done and continue to do on its behalf . " caesar " also glaringly omits and all too conveniently ignores radical islam 's blood-soaked history and their on-going policy of religiously motivated bomb blasts , hijackings , kidnappings , tortures , rapes , gang rapes , female circumcisions , sawing and/or hacking off people 's limbs and heads , mutilations , and always... mass murder after mass murder after yet more mass murder all perpetrated against civilian populations worldwide , including those of their own religion , and all thanks to islam 's foundational tenets of blood lust that makes all such horrors not only acceptable but actually laudable , eternally rewardable , and thus... forever inevitable . true , all religions have their radicals and fanatics . but none deliberately attract , nurture , and encourage terrorist fanatics more than does islam . and none preaches genocide against the entire jewish race/nation and all non-islamic " infidels " in the name of god more than does islam . and it is how this video accurately documents for the entire world only this latest and greatest mass butchery in the name of allah that probably motivates " caesar " most to attempt such blatant anti-u.s. propagandizing here . and for those who would disagree , i challenge " caesar " or anyone else to provide us any reliable evidence of even a single factual error in this documentary . what i think " caesar " fears most is that such a powerful documentary as this might add to the growing world view that despite the constant rhetoric of islam as a religion of " peace , " the ever-escalating terrorist acts of its leaders and constituents in the name of islamic religion reveal the exact opposite to be the true case . maybe it 's just me , but i 'm thinking any religion that so encourages its hormone-driven young men to blow themselves up with as many " infidels " as they can so as to spend eternity in orgiastic sex with 72 virgins deserves to be fully prosecuted , at the very least on charges of " conspiracy to commit ( mass ) murder " ! and one thought that just hit me : if more and more islamics continue to either commit or condone such bloodshed and with the full approval of their islamic leaders , which god are they truly honoring and emulating : allah -- the creator of life ; or instead , iblis ( satan ) , the destroyer of it ? by their fruits are they known , after all . and on the question of whom and what islamics most worship and adore , permit me to close this review as also does this wonderful documentary , by quoting one of islam 's most renowned clerics :  " we love death . the u.s. loves life . that is the big difference between us . " -- osama bin laden
wow , i watched this on the national geographic channel and i was so astonished at some of the details , that i had to buy it . it should be a must buy for any library across this country . i encouage every american to watch this
if you have never been introduced to thora birch-this is the one to see . i do n't know if this was her first movie or not but she is really young in this film . if there were ever a star born " this is it " . she is just unbelievable . griffin and johnson are really great too . this movie is actually worth watching for the scene location alone
somehow denis leary and peter tolan managed to improve on an already amazing show . rescue me continues to be the best show out there .
i have absolutely no idea how to properly describe this movie . i just know that i had to buy it b/c i rented it so often . napolean is such a loser . his brother kip could have a huge " l " on his own forehead . they have a pet llama named tina . watching this movie brought back all of my akward teen years . agh ! also made me feel a lot prettier and smarter than i thought i was . in the end , though , they all win . kip is especially transformed . " your mom goes to college.. .
falling in love 1984 is one of my favorite romantic 80s movies,i have two laserdisc copies one [ new ] and the other is [ used ] and i have it on dvd too,you got ta give it a try you will love it too :
in all of the other x-men dvds , they show very little on the couple that i like the best . kitty and lance . the first episode joyride , is when lance joins the x-men . not everyone is pleased , but almost all are . scott is the one who hates lance and doese n't believe that lance is doing this out of truth . well when cars , jets , start mysterisoly getting very dirtty . scott blames it all on lance . but is it lance or is someone else having the joyride ? ? and walk on the wild side is a episode very good towards " girl power " jean , boom boom , rouge , magma,kitty decide to become the bayville sirens . stoping crime and wearing leather in the process . the other two epsiodes are worth getting the disc after all , any x-men dvd is worth it
now with the release of the '38 version of 'a christmas carol ' i can once again enjoy the antics of the grumpy old ebenezer scrooge as played by reginald owens . in my opinion not as good as the later alastair sim version in '51 , but all in all a wonderful film that can be enjoyed by the whole family . this version is not as dark and scary as the '51 production , so if you have a young child you want to introduce to this wonderful christmas story of transformation and redemption for the first time this is definitely the version they should view first . one of the essentials for your dvd christmas collection !
this 1971 black comedy is still a stitch , even if it does n't feel as audacious as i 'm sure it once did . directed by the maverick hal ashby , it is the epitome of all opposites-attract love stories as a twenty-year old depressive connects with a 79-year old life-loving woman . they actually bond over their mutual interest in death , as they keep showing up at the same funerals . however , the root of their respective interests could n't be more different - maude shows up to reconfirm how lucky she feels to be alive , while the hearse-driving harold simply likes the morbidity of it all . the plot is really about their burgeoning relationship , while his mother constantly attempts to make the death-obsessed harold more socially acceptable . first , she uselessly sets him up on a series of blind dates . to foil any hope of romance with these women , however , he stages mock-suicides which simply perturbs rather than disturbs his mother . she then recruits an ineffectual analyst and even has her brother victor , a hawkish officer and vietnam war amputee , to try to convince harold to join the army . the episodic structure of the story by collin higgins ( years before becoming a director in his own right with " foul play " and " nine to five " ) allows the characters to develop in subtle ways with a completely deadpan approach despite the outward shenanigans of the characters ' actions . the movie eventually moves toward a greater gravitas but despite some soap opera elements , surprisingly not at the expense of the pervasive whimsical tone . ruth gordon is her typically pixilated self , an archetype she played for years afterward , while bud cort is terrific in conveying his particular brand of wide-eyed cynicism . it 's really their unforced chemistry that keeps the film feeling fresh 35 years later . there are funny sideline performances by vivian pickles as harold 's eye-rolling mother , ellen geer as an overly actressy blind date named sunshine , and eric christmas in a very funny cameo as a disapproving priest . cat stevens ' soundtrack has n't aged as well as , say , simon and garfunkel 's music in " the graduate " , but it still works as a folkish commentary on the quirky proceedings . unfortunately , the 2000 dvd contains a rather compromised print and there are no extras included
this presents us with a visual voyage into music that , in my opinion , excels that if the original fantasia . not only is the animation itself is extremely fluid , colorful , and highly diverse from segment to segment , but the representation of the music is , in itself , sheer genius . as i have come to expect from disney , at least some research has been done into the texture of the music as well as thematical studies and tonal structure . this much , i believe , is made in evidence of both blatant and subtle use of contrast on screen to highlight the contrast of the music
i have to say , it took me a while to getting around to seeing this . i thought " silence of the lambs " was good - it featured a great performance by anthony hopkins , and the rest of it was....good . but that was about it , as far as i was concerned . it just did n't really click with me , and it was n't anything near the great movie i 'd been hoping for , so when its sequel was released i did n't feel any great need to rush out and get it as soon as it was released . a bit surprisingly though , i thought " hannibal " was really great once i finally did see it . everyone said it was more geared toward horror than " silence... " ( which is fine by me ) and it may have been , marginally . but much more than that , it was just a better horror movie than its predecessor , and it was also a better thriller and a better drama movie , in my opinion . hopkins is just as good , if not better , than he was as dr. hannibal lecter the first time around , and while i usually do n't like recasting roles in a movie ( unless the actor or actress is playing a creature or monster or something where you do n't see their real face or hear their real voice , and even there they sometimes end up getting the mannerisms wrong ) julianne moore did a great job stepping into the clarice starling role originally played by jodie foster . the movie centers around the hunt to find lecter by the only victim of his original , pre-incarceration , carnage to survive - a thoroughly despicable pedophile who avoided ever being charged for his crimes by cutting a deal with prosecutors to give evidence against lecter . it seems like " hannibal " has changed tract from " silence " and is implying that most if not all of lecter 's victims may have been horrendous individuals who in some way brought his wrath down upon themselves . whether that 's the truth or whether it was just this one victim who was so reprehensible , the effect was to create a foil for hannibal who 's even more evil than he is . hannibal lecter himself is , well , he 's not a 'good guy ' in this movie ; he is , though , presented in very cryptic shades of grey . his behaviors contradict one another but do so in a way that feels real , and he 's much more interesting as a character this time around . clarice also is ; she comes across here as a character who 's somehow traumatized , perhaps even mentally unbalanced , deep down but supresses it so well that it took a genius like lecter to ever see it , and that 's what so intrigued him in the first place . one possible interpretation of things overall ( and this is just one of many potential takes on it ; the movie briefly and subtly hints at so many different things that you could take away just about anything from it - making it a great source of conversation for movie-lovers ) is that hannibal lecter is a person who had/has the potential for great goodness within himself but chose evil , while clarice starling has the potential for great darkness and hannibal-level violence in her , but chose to be good , chose in fact to make her career in opposing those who give in to the same darkness . a lot of food for thought in this one ( no pun intended ) . great performances all around ; in notable addition to hopkins and moore the brilliant gary oldman plays lecter 's nemesis and the chronically overlooked and under-rated ray liotta plays an unlikable , rather creepy fbi agent who 's constantly at odds with starling . a very , very engaging and wel-made movie
we just got this dvd last week , but ever since that time it has remained in the dvd player and has been viewed at least a dozen times by my three year old daughter , cassidy . she loves this dvd and all the planets that come to life . she sings along and has really learned her planets . the songs are top notch . the dvd is enjoyable for adults , even after ten viewings when most kid videos would become painful . a + + + + + + + + + + +
moonlighting is one of the greatest series to ever grace television . bruce willis and cybill shepherd have a chemistry that just makes the episodes work . the scripts are well written , funny when they are supposed to be and serious when they are supposed to be . all i can say is you should check it out and see for yourself . i 'm very happy i decided to buy these dvds .
" the five people you meet in heaven " is a powerful book with many mixed emotions . this film was a constant mystery as i never knew what would happen next . the story is all about the people who affected eddie the most in his life . the people he meets in heaven are interesting and also somewhat shocking . some people he knew , and some he had never met . this was a great idea . mitch albom kept me wanting to read as i usually am not too interested in books . this truly is the greatest book i 've ever read and therefore i would definitely recommend it to everyone .
microphone { tap , tap , tap } : ladies and gentlemen ! for your wrestling entertainment , i introduce to you the lord 's luchador , the mauling monk , the orphanator ! put your hands together for naaaacho liiiibbbbre ! jack black ( king kong ) returns as another obsessive character in jared hess ' latest cinematic offering , nacho libre . most will remember hess for his stunning direction of napoleon dynamite . here he gets a bit more money for production and gives us a hilarious tale of a mexican monk who 's early dreams of becoming a luchador ( wrestler ) come to fruition later in life . jack black plays nacho , a cook at an orphanage/monastery where his talents as a chef come into question daily . but the one thing nacho yearns for is to become a professional wrestler . his contact sports passions are reignited by the arrival of a beautiful nun named sister encarnacion ( ana de la reguera ( ladies night ) , and by a wily thief named esqueleto ( supervivencia ) , a streetwise thug with bizarre moves . esqueleto and nacho team up and eventual take to the ring , only to be beaten time and again , but still making money . but making money is n't enough for nacho ( " i want to win ! " ) . vanity gets the better of nacho and he tries everything to achieve his goal of becoming a winner , including finding a shaman who gives him sketchy advice regarding eagle eggs . finally nacho learns that winning comes from within and uses his " inner " strength to make his way to the top . silliness occasionally racks nacho libre , but it is saved by jack black 's incredible physical comedy . not since school of rock has he been so well cast . the training scenes alone are worth the price of the rental ( cow dung to the face ? a wasps nest to the head ? shooting esqueleto with a blunted arrow ? ) when nacho tries to court sister encarnacion , the comedy is further ratcheted up as jack black uses his butt-muscle tone in a nut cracking fashion ! napoleon dynamite fans will flock to hess ' latest film , and will probably be amazed at what he accomplished with a little more cash and a few hollywood well-known actors
its been a long time since i have laughed this much ! ! ! ! getting down to " the nitty gritty " it is an enjoyable comedy . the chemistry between jack black " nacho " and hector jimenez " esqueleto " is what makes the movie so funny . his accent was not mexican but very funny . my family and i just loved the movie , which i think we have seen 5 times in the theatre
this movie is a classic . if you have n't seen it or heard of it , buy it now
very exciting and will keep you glued to your seat . i have just watched ( 2006 ) for first time.... .
federico fellini 's 1972 film is not his best , when he has 8 1/2 , la strada and la dolce vita to his credit . while many critics adore this film for its absurdity and plotless , dreamy structure , i found it boring and phantasmagorical . it is simply fellini 's version of rome and not rome , the eternal city itself . to risk sounding negative , i shall admit that there are some moments in which it is most expressive of early 1970 's rome - the scenes in which the hippies and american tourists invade the city , the long scene in the outdoor restaurant where everyone is talking their heads off ( though saying some pretty vulgar things ) and my favorite scene- the underground archaelogical excavation in which the frescoes of old roman patricians fade into oblivion . but mostly this film is weak in that it bored me because there was no plot . it starts off alright , and the movie works well when there is no sudden fantasy sequences . fellini is himself in this movie , as well as gore vidal . fellini envisions himself as a young man studying rome in his youth in a strict catholic school ( the slide/projector shows ancient monuments like the colliseum , the apian way , trevi fountain and vatican as well as an offensive pornographic image of a woman 's behind ) and later as a young man journeys to rome itself and takes residence with a large family in a crowded apartment in a slum . then the young man sees a talent show that is tasteless , vulgar and long-winded . i found myself just as unimpressed as outraged as the audicences that went as far as to throw a dead cat on stage ! it bothered me that there is much attention to prostitution , brothels or cheap , slutty women . the cover on the film is the promiscuous woman at the start of the film . and for a film about rome and italy , there is hardly any allusion to opera or any true classical theater . the pope fashion show was ludicrous and blasphemous . only serious , hardcore fans of fellini will want to own this dvd . it is a perfect follow-up to his equally absurd and sexually radical satyricon , loosely based on the old roman epic .
this dvd is the bomb ! why ? prince puts on a show . from morris day and the time- ( a must see ) to the lenny kravitz and prince jam session . true prince fans will love seeing his energy and creativity . prince is a real performer who puts his heart and soul in every dance move and song . as for the spirituality aspect , i loved to see that side of him . the song he sang was powerful and heartfelt . get the dvd . you wo n't be disappointed
if you 're even showing an interest to vol.2 then you most likely own or have seen vol.1 . even then i recommend this one as much as any of them , since you got ta watch the whole series in order to find out what happens in the end . anyways , vol.2 offers the same fun antics the 1st vol . did , but unfortunately when compared to vol.1 you 'll see that there are a whole lot less sword fights and basically no violence at all . any sword fighting that actually occur usually does n't last long enough to be considered a " fight " . but this dvd makes up for that with plenty more comical antics than the 1st vol . so enjoy it , i know i did
you got ta get the whole series....you ca n't just get one or two dvds...you need the whole thing , trust me . once you start you got ta go all the way to the end
this movie is worth owning . it 's a classic tale , well done and very entertaining
this is a great kid 's movie with a lot of characters and a great story plot . it 's a good combination of a musical and a story with good characters and characters that do not make good choices : - ) i would suggest not over thinking the story line , it 's a kid 's movie after all . and no its not all about the flying cars , believe me even a two year old is capable of appreciating more !
this is a classic musical that i grew up watching on network tv . it has the great love story for the girls and the cool gaget car for the boys . i bought it to share with my kids and they loved it
i did n't watch this one before because of all the hype too many buddy comedies were coming through the pipe  this one caught me by surprise it really was first rate two dudes who 're crashing weddings so they 'll always have a date  fast-talking party animals with very rigid rules break it off before sunrise commitment 's just for fools  until one day one falls in love the other falls in lust if you want to see vince vaughn get hurt then this one is a must  sometimes sappy , sometimes sweet and often lewd and loud but it does n't stoop to flatulence so it stands out from the crowd    amanda richards , november 5 , 2006
wow , i was so excited to see this available on dvd . this is from the era of cartoon geniuses . these cartoons are good for all ages and will never go out of fashion . i can not wait to have kids and show this to them . it beats the violence and tone of cartoons today . this is my choice for a cartoon lovers collection a must have . enjoy
i was just gon na watch the film because i think robert de niro is one of the greatest actors ever , but then the film takes on a behind the scenes of being black&that truly adds another factor to this film.it 's a trip out film
this movie has recieved several bad reviews and i can understand that . this movie is a rather complex movie and not the typical " first gay love movie " , but if you like movies that are not , this one if a must have . the movie is not a hardcore sex movie , in fact there is only one scene of sex , in the movie . the positives of this movie are , it uses silence as a tool and it looks into a differnt kind of first love , one that does n't turn out in the same way other movies portray . again , i only recomend this movie to people who enjoy complex movies and are not looking for just hardcore sex
i love this movie . while the teen movie stereotypes are always apparent in every film , " she 's all that " does n't go overboard and , surprisingly , presents a relatively realistic view of the high school social strata . after zach , the class president and soccer star , is very publically dumped by his " magically delicious " ( and equally popular ) girlfriend , taylor , he 's hard put to maintain his legacy . uber-jock , though a little slow , zach 's friend , dean , bets him that he ca n't replace taylor and make any girl prom queen . enter laney boggs , an art student who cares little about the social scene . dean picks laney as zach 's prom queen " project " and zach has a hard time convincing laney to even go out with him . meanwhile , taylor , the ex , is dating a real world reject who she met over spring break , but she 's still catty over her " discards " and is horrible to laney , embarassing her at a party . the more time zach spends with laney , the more he starts to like her and laney begins to open up and finds a real outlet in her art . dean , sensing he might be about to lose the bet , asks laney to prom before zach gets around to it and , a recently single taylor , attaches herself to zach 's arm , assuming he 'll take her back . ultimately , feelings are hurt , battle lines are drawn...and a really cool dance scence takes place at the prom . i love the fresh comedy in the movie that is amusing for teens without being impractical or raunchy . the characters are well-developed and actually evolve in a realistic fashion ( even if you are left wondering how nice-guy zach ever dated self-absorbed taylor vaughn ) . all-in-all , there 's really nothing comparable to the teen movies like " sixteen candles " or " pretty in pink " because those are genres unto themselves , but " she 's all that " is definitely a nice representation of a good , modern teen movie
what more could a true parrotthead ask for than jimmy buffett live at wrigley field ? this two-disc dvd set captures the truly historic concert from chicago . jimmy and the band put on a great show . it makes you feel as though you were part of the show . the bonus coverage is not to be miseed . the time lapse of setting up the stage is fun to watch . and the star-spangled banner performance rivals jimi hendrix . this is a must for any music lover , but the true parrottheads will definitely need to add it to their collection
i have always enjoyed watching this movie , with so many great stars , some whom are no longer with us ; never owned it on video , now i have it on dvd , great price too ! ! it was worth it
if there is one war story to keep on your shelf besides " saving private ryan , " this is it . the story starts with a lawyer visiting england as a tourist years after war 's end . he discovers a cheap , ceramic antique which the store owner tells him is of little value . " value ? " replies the lawyer . " wrap it very carefully " he adds . so begins his mental journey back in time to the english airstrip where he served as adjutant of the 918th ( nine , eighteenth ) bomb group . this " hard luck " group is taken over by a brigadier general from a colonel who has " over-identified " with his men , thus putting them before his missions . the general , frank savage , must restore group discipline and performance before the group disintegrates as an effective fighting unit . general savage puts mission before men and turns the disgruntled men who despise him into a cohesive unit . they turn into a group that will do anything to keep from being left behind , or letting down their new leader . ( each announcement of a mission for the following day is characterized by the operations officer going to the mantel piece in the officers ' club , and turning the head of a ceramic pirate , face outward . )  but the tough general will not make the same mistake that the last group commander makes . he will always keep the mission first , and will not over-identify with his men . he will not let the loss of his men affect him . or , will he ? this black & white story is exceptional and superbly acted . it shows the mental tug-of-war a leader must make in the decisions that will cost the lives of men he has come to admire and respect . it depicts how the ugliness of war brings out the best in ourselves , and creates fraternal bonds that last a lifetime . this is not a gory story , but it is one that will leave you breathless . it may sadden you , but it will not disappoint you . it does not end with everyone living , or happy . war never does . p.s . the " whole nine yards " refers to the length of ammunition linked together that fed into the machine guns aboard each bomber
this is like the classic that killed other classics . for some reason this is around the time when characters started dying off more in anime . so anime was never the same around this time . based off the manga loosely . i mean some parts are changed or edited . over here the manga was rare so try it if you like this type of animation . still one of my favorites in terms of anime classics . beware this is a type of movie that will kick you in your face and start to laugh . a very hyper violent film . lot 's of action !
this film was originally titled the testimony of taliesin jones . it is named for the hero , a little welsh boy whose mother leaves his farm family for a life in town . his experiences are touching , and seem to involve a gift of healing . delightful , beautiful , deserves to be better known than it is
this dvd is the best dvd by far for how to dj . awesome interviews and 2nd disc does excellent job of showing you all you need to know about how to dj . do not waste money on other cheap and cheesy dj dvds like i did , spend the extra few bucks and i knwo you will be happy with this purchase
i was given the " special fan remix " edition of this film last christmas , and i must say , the so-called bonus features only detract from the wonderful original . so stick with the original
after buying the original " the fast and the furious " i found most of my enjoyment came from making fun of the movie and shaming it . however , i can now say i am a fan of the trilogy ( all 3 films are good ) . lucas black is simply the man and gives another great performance here . bow wow does a surprisingly good job as well . car buffs and street racers will especially like this movie ( which i am neither ) . this is a fast paced and exciting action packed movie that many will enjoy
michael par    ( " into the sun " " space fury " ) , nancy allen ( " limit up " " robocop " ) ,two famous star in 80 's , made this a five-star sci-fi movie . but no subtitle or closed captioned , so i will give it 4.5 star .
i am very disappointed with this movie " the philadelphia experiment " that have no english subtitles , due to my deafness . i was planning to buy this dvd . i have seen it many times in late 1980s and have been waiting for the english subtitles since
this dvd takes some of the funniest episodes from the series . the dvd is put together quite well and episodes are taped better than vhs . the only problem is with 1 or 2 episodes it splits for a quick second , but i would recommend to anyone who like any lucille ball items
i love leslie sansone 's videos . she 's quirky and a bit " ditzy " , but her workouts are always easy to follow and fun ; this is no exception . there have been previous complaints about her cues not being good enough , but i had absolutely no problems- even on my first try . if you do n't want to miss a beat , pay close attention at first- you 'll hear the directions . i bought this because i loved walk and jog so much . walk and kick is not quite as intense , but it still works up a sweat . for a day where you 're not working quite as hard , this is a great workout for people interested in a bit of kickboxing ( but not for experience kickboxers ) . i also saw complaints about leslie saying some silly things about the size of her nose , dusting the floor , etc ; this is classic leslie chatter , and i personally think it makes the workout go faster . if you do n't like the chatter of her other videos , you wont like this one . as an avid watp video user , i give this one a big thumbs up .
excellent pay per view . one of the best of 2002 . here 's the matches :  1 ) 6-man elimination table match : 3 minute warning & rico vs. jeff hardy & bubba ray and spike dudley ( 5/5 ) great opener . lots of high spots included . for 300 + pounders , 3 minute warning really can move . surprise ending . 2 ) cruiserweight championship : jamie noble ( champion ) vs. billy kidman ( 5/5 ) both looked impressive during the match putting on a superb bout . watch for noble 's sick ddt and kidman aerial moveset . 3 ) hardcore match for women 's championship : trish stratus ( champion ) vs. victoria ( 4/5 ) a solid women 's division match . tons of weapons but a weak finish . victoria supposedly injured her acl in this match but i could n't find the spot . maybe you can . 4 ) wwe championship : brock lesnar ( champion ) vs. big show ( 2/5 ) of course brock was able to suplex the big show and brock was able to get him up for the f-5 , which paul heyman doubted . the match unfolded quickly and equipped a strong end . 5 ) wwe tag team championship elimination match : edge & rey mysterio ( champions ) vs. kurt angle & chris benoit vs. los guerreros ( 3/5 ) using a tag title bout as a warm-down match did n't pay out well . rey possessed an intense aereal arsenal compared to his present one . worth watching . 6 ) world championship elimination chamber match : triple h ( champion ) vs. kane vs. chris jericho vs . rob van dam vs. booker t vs. shawn michaels ( 4/5 ) i was hoping someone would bring the match atop the chamber , but was disappointed . and the fact that jericho was a world tag team champion at the time puzzled me , since christian , his partner , was n't even on the show . besides that , a great main event . rvd nearly crushed triple h 's throat at one point . jericho knew how to work an elimination chamber at perfectly . overall 4/5 for survivor series 2002 . worth buying
i found the movie to be very creative and unique . i thought the appearance of the movie was very similar to how a stage set-up for a play would be . i thought that this was intentional and it helped to place the focus on the words/message . there was a lot of different things going on in the movie which i enjoyed : greed ; true love ; spirituality ; determination ; self-esteem issues ; and jealousy . i am not a prince fan , but i love the contrast in personalities between prince and morris day , and how this contrast plays out as they pursue the same woman , who happens to be an angel who was sent to change both of them ( clever ) . i gave the movie a 4 and not a 5 because although it was very artistic , morris day lost a battle i feel he should have won
sybil is a movie that was long overdue for an uncut release to the public . the performances by sally field and joanne woodward are impeccable and gave the subject matter ( child abuse ) and enormous amount of exposure at a time when it went largely unnoticed . wharever disputes may have arisen since over techniques , both the book and the movie became musts for students of abnormal psychology at that time and for decades afterwards . joanne woodward reverses her roles from " the three faces of eve " to portray dr. cornelia wilbur with consummate skill , while sally field 's performance as sybil is awesome and breathtaking as she dissolves from one self into another ( the movie works with thirteen of the book 's sixteen personalities ) . without being overtly graphic , the movie conveys all of the horrors of sybil 's childhood with an incredible impact . the rest of the cast is excellent , with martine bartlett 's " hattie " , sybil 's mother , in the chilling forefront and natasha ryan as little sybil close behind . the real sybil , unaware that sally field had just been chosen to play her based on her trial reading with joanne woodward , let it be known that she wanted stewart stern and daniel petrie to try and get sally for her part . { from the extras bonus disk ) i ca n't recommend the movie and the book enough to students of human behavior and psychology , whether for personal of professional interests . it took hollywood 30 years to try remaking the film , which should indicate how high the bar was set by this original cast and production
this is my first watp video , but i started at the highest mile because i am an intermediate/advanced exerciser so i knew i needed something high intensity to get my heart rate going , but mostly i was looking for variety in my workout . and i must say , i just love this video . it is the only video i own that makes me want to do it . i truly enjoy working out , but when i find a workout that makes it fun and mixes things up , i know i hit the jackpot . this workout can be perfect for most exercisers , although beginners probably want to start with her starter videos and gradually work up to the super challenge . leslie is a good instructor , but as most have mentioned , she does talk quite a bit and has a very annoying laugh . but its about the workout , not the sound of her voice , and in that , watp super challenge accomplishes alot . i hope to buy more of her videos in the future .
as an american i find this video showing the incredible distruction and the first responders who are operating at the scene of this enormous tragedy compelling . to think that this terrorist attack actually happened on our soil is truly unbelievable . another reviewer from france states that the footage is nothing special ! that is the furthest from the truth ! i guess the he believes that the terrorist attack never took place ! this is an historic document that should be seen by every american !
this is a great video , my daughter learned all her abc 's with the letter factory and now she is learning words and she is not even two yet ! go leap frog
i had no idea what i had missed . i bought this set at sam 's club for $ 18 ( now i see what a deal i really got ) . i watched every minute and loved it . if you have n't seen it...do ! and , maybe check out sam 's club for your own copy at an incredible price
very entertaining ! except few scenes , i really enjoyed this movie . ( but hey , nothing is perfect , right ? except maybe lotr... ) . you should buy this dvd or at least rent it , watched , and then decide . i watched it few times and i will more in the future ! good romantic comedy !
this is easily one of the best films of the 80 's . kevin bacon is a god in this movie . he plays a total renegade that swigs booze and dances like the devil . when the footloose song comes on the radio , my co-worker tom and i cant help but busting into dance . its films like this that can make you feel good and drunk with happy feet ! ! buy this dvd for your collection and you 'll be bursting into dance before u know it !
an animated family of x-men -- complete with spandex & it all turns out pretty - - well - - incredible :  pixar and disney have made six exceptional films together , but i find myself reaching for this one almost every time . needless to say , superhero films are no longer novelties , yet this film seems to have new angles on seemingly cliched themes . the lawsuits that put the " supers " out of business is certainly a real gem and it gives brad bird who wrote and directed " the incredibles " some unexplored avenues to try , which he does and it turned out , well - - pretty incredible ! what it 's all about :  first we have the husband and wife superhero team that never has a chance to team up as " supers " and instead turns into mr. & mrs. average american after the lawsuits that ended the " supers " crime fighting dynasty . along the way they had three very different yet " super " offspring ! wow , that 's enough right there to keep us busy . we also have sub-plots which include each one of the 3 children 's coming of age in a " super " way , but as ordinary kids . the kids , like their parents , struggle all the way through the film to get to where they go and they grow in the process individually and as a family . we have bob parr [ mr . incredible ] going through what appears to be a mid-life crisis , and his confused wife , helen , who just wants them all to fit in like everybody else . but , after all , how can " elastigirl " be just another soccer mom ? we have the return of a hostile and dysfunctional former fan [ buddy ] who turns " the incredibles " lives upside-down and inside-out . for the first time , the " supers " are the underdogs ! everything that follows - satisfying family issues & much more :  after these elements are set into motion , we have everything that follows , and it is fascinating to see all the incredibles ' family issues worked out like any other family 's , but with many interesting twists . " the incredibles " is a super film ! dvd features : anamorphic widescreen 2.39 : 1 [ very widescreen ] digital to digital transfer is the sharpest i have seen yet ! lots of features and deleted scenes as well as some early concepts for different ways of introducing the characters make me grateful they made it the way they did . the " jack-jack attack " is probably the high point of the features and illustrates what we did not see going on between " jack-jack " and the baby-sitter . i just wish it was longer . the behind the scenes " featurettes " are worth watching as are the blooper scenes , though they seem a bit contrived . there are two commentary tracks , one with brad bird [ writer/director ] and john walker [ producer ] . and another with the animators . i could not watch the entire movie with either track on . maybe you can . the files about the " supers " are interesting . there is lots more . if you like to go in for it , you can spend the day with the features alone . for me , however , there is the film . this is the best animated film , in my opinion , and is perfect for all members of the family ( of all ages ) to connect with in a fun-filled , family sort of way .
it 's interesting to read some of the other reviews . i ca n't understand how it could take a viewer two times to get through this enchanting movie . it 's imaginative , as was " nightmare before christmas " , but goes beyond that movie with even better stop-action animation and a musical score that is richer and more moving . i loved " nightmare " , but corpse bride takes all the things i loved and made them better . the voices of all the actors ring true . the mood is gothic and yet comical . the score is rich and defines the movie perfectly . ( the dvd allows you to watch the movie with only the music , and that 's a real plus . )
awesome ! bought for my husband for valentine 's day ! even our 8 year old son loved it . excellent condition
great story . great actors . beautiful scenery and colors . my favorite movie
" student of history " is a student of christian biased history . there are plenty of qualified scholars , and current book like that of theologian bart ehman for one , who show that early christianity was based on forged documents that claimed earlier pedigree , but were written by ambitious men who sought to dominate a very wide spead of ideas about who and what those events in judea were about . ( not paliestine ! the romans named the region palestine after the war against the jews in 70ce ) . the fact that one man ( constantine ) sought a single authoritive finality was a political move , not an act or miracle of " god . " authority of apostles is more christian myth and power assertion , not historical proof of the varacity of the bible and christian claims . objective scholarship has shown for example that a church father ( probably iraneus ) forged copies of josephus by adding the paragraphs that refer to jesus . it is easy to understand when we remember that typewriters and copy machines did not exist then ! handwriting is sort of a give-away , especially when other earlier copies exist with no insets about jesus . what is known about the gospel of thomas and other second century altnative christian texts is that they were warred against by the eventual winner . it might have gone otherwise and then people like you would be claiming a completely different set of circumstances as facts . people with no authority like iraneus wrote tracts condemning any other view than his own and those of his small cult . he called arius of alexander for example , a heretic . but he had no authority to do so . he forged documents to prove it never realizing that in the future , others would also forge whatever they found expedient to make reality for believers . paul called it " lying to bring you the truth . " but a lie is a lie and historians ca n't make lies facts . so the yoke of bias due to conditioned belief must be thrown off if one is to be a true historian and seeker of truth . the real " key " to the entire mystery - and the inspiration for all of these writers is the nagging reality of the original parchments found by the real life priest beringer saunier in 1891 in rennes-le-chateau . i have been there several times . the original parchments are kept in a vault in london at a loyd 's bank . the copies have been studied by many and here is the problem for the debunkers ; when a fraud is being perpetuated , code puzzles are invariably simple and unsophisticated . experts agree that the codes on the parchments are so sophisticated that they would have had to have been created by a very intelligent individual - a genuis . everything can be argued down for lack of enough solid evidence if you wish to prefer christian myths like virgin birth , death and resurrection ( actually earlier pagan myths ) , but the parchments remain a piece of evidence that no un objecive debunker likes to talk about . dan brown has made the subject popular again by writing a book and making a film that tantilizes the minds of many people . he also gives the public a new level of nonsense to wade through and a rich source of psuedo history for debunkers to feast upon , pretending to extend their claim to truth by turning over toys in a kindergarten class . if you are going to claim to be a student of history , you must be objective and ready to accept what is there , not select what suits you . and if you want to answer the many very quesitonable claims of chrisitanity and the claimed history of the faith , then you must be willing to question the premises . once you do that , you will find that there is plenty to support doubt . just knowing about the catholic destruction of previous historic and relgious records along with anyone who opposed them , ought to clue the thinking person that something is up with tradtional christian western history on its face . dan brown , and and to a greater extent , leigh , baigent and lincoln have a lot more material than that planted and represented by pierre plantard . the discussion of the biblical evidence itself is compelling without ever having pierre plantard at all . why is there a large tradition of all people extant at the time that simon of cyrene was crucified , not jesus ? ( muslims claim this today and christian freemasons are aware of the source document- i have seen it myself ) . and if we really want to be factual about it , there never was a jesus christ in judea . paul created his church in greece and the hellenized region of asia minor . " jesus christ " is greek . if there was a character that jesus was based on his name would have been josua ben joseph and his brother " james " would be jacob . if you dig in you will find no basis for a person named jesus exists and the probability that the jesus christ character was only paul 's creation based on another person who was crucified as a rebel by the romans and whose sect venerated his death as a memorial that became part of their sect of judiasm . one book of found in the dead sea scrolls is the book of enoch . freemasons have owned a copy of it and it is tracable to at least 1717 when the grand lodge in london announced itself . how does a book that only became known to the public when the closely guarded srolls were finally made public in the 1990s , already exist among a society of brotherhood that can be traced to the knights templar ? this is not myth , but a sample of factual connections one can make if they objectively study the quesitons , culling out the fluff and theory from fact for 20 years as i have . i did n't just read , i traveled . it takes a long time to verify or debunk a historical claim or theory . these people who study the subject for a year and then write a book amuse me , but very well . i completely enjoyed the film , the da vinci code , even though i could not read the book , because i knew too much of the where he got his ideas from to read it . leigh teaging = richard leigh , teabing = michael baigent , and the gm of the priory named sauniere . there is a code for begginers in the book , but i am no beginner . still , i found the film enjoyable and i even thought the book is a good thing , because i am a bit like the leigh teabing character in the da vinci code . i believe that a lie even to build a faith is a lie and overall , the worse will come from it . histoy shows that to be true . religions are built on lies made for the purpose of power and control over others . what we witness now in the world is more of that with more and worse to come . it is probably useless , but only when people can know the real truth and throw off the superstition and neurosis of religion , including and especially christianity ( but all others as well ) will the human race have a chance to become something besides a mass of ants bent of self destruction . if there is any use for the historian , it must be to serve as a witness and a warning . how long will we repeat history ? as long as we insist on institutionalizing lies and myth . in the meantime , established christian indluence and owned media produce airy debates quoting the bible and it 's own set of biblical facts as ultimate fact because they have n't yet gone to the bottom of the scholarly bebate - and do n't want to .
i have loved this movie since i first it back in the early 1990 's . in all honesty it is pretty crudy but that 's what i love about it . the music is fantastic and the costumes are unique . divine truly shines as he usually does in any roles he played in and ricki lake was perfect for the role . link is pretty hunky too.... .
i never tire of this film . the acting,the marvelous filming locations , the costumes.... perfection . i ca n't watch it without wanting to have a cup of tea and a hot scone to accompany the viewing . in fact , i once stopped the video , baked scones , and continued to watch it while munching a freshly baked scone and a cuppa . try it . i now own the dvd also
i have no idea why i had never heard of this movie before because ronin is a whale of a good film . i can take or leave most action films , but give me a taut , intelligent , suspenseful thriller filled with great action , wicked twists , and some of the best car-chasing footage you 'll ever see , and i 'm happy . throw jean reno and the one and only robert de niro into the mix , as well , and i 'm happier than any clam has a right to be . director john frankenheimer obviously knows that action alone does n't make for a good action film , and he also knows that the only way to make a high speed chase scene look authentic is to film a real high speed chase scene . the title is derived from the term for masterless samurai of feudal japan - warriors who failed their master and were left to wander in the shame of their failure . in modern parlance ( and in this movie ) , the term applies to special agents of various governments who find themselves quite on their own thanks to the end of the cold war . these men still put their skills to good use by selling their services to those willing to pay them for handling sensitive , usually dirty , jobs . in this case , sam ( de niro ) , vincent ( reno ) , and three others are brought together in france by an irish lass named deirdre and charged with acquiring a metal case well-protected by its current carrier . it sounds easy - ambush the target and his security force , snatch the case , exchange it for cash , and move on . naturally , the mission turns out to be extremely complicated , as a couple of powerful parties want whatever is in that case , and a certain individual proves less than trustworthy . what 's the world coming to when you ca n't even trust a selfish , independent-minded , well-trained gun-for-hire ? de niro has to run over and shoot up half of france before everything gets resolved in this film . the only problem i had with this movie came in the form of the thick accents of some of the characters , especially the irish ones - you may want to use closed captioning at times to really understand everything that is said . the actors themselves , though , were quite good , especially de niro and reno , who make a great team . as for the mix of bad guys , how about three - count 'em , three - former adversaries of james bond ( michael lonsdale , sean bean , and jonathan pryce ) ? not only that , the script is worthy of all these fine actors . as i 've mentioned already , though , the chase scenes are really the most memorable aspect of this film . frankenheimer does n't have any use for these fancy-schmancy new digital means for manufacturing this kind of action , instead treating the viewer to several good , old-fashioned thrill rides through the streets of paris and its local environs . besides filming an incredible number of scenes live , he also chose to forego the accompaniment of a musical score in these situations , letting the revving engines , squealing brakes , and numerous crashes and explosions present the action as authentically as possible . they had to have had an incredible number of stunt drivers and stunt men involved , as folks were constantly crashing or jumping out of the path of oncoming cars - not to mention the extended high speed chase down one-way streets into busy oncoming traffic . i 'm telling you - these chase scenes are flat-out impressive . obviously , i think ronin has it all . without de niro , it still would have been a fantastic film ; with him , it 's a must-see in my book
" the bells of st. mary 's " was a shrewd move by paramount studios and director leo mccarey , whose successful prequel film about the likable and practical catholic priest father o'malley , " going my way " , spawned the 1945 release , which included an additional element that provided the basis for an interesting psychological conflict . irish catholic mccarey was impressed by letters he received from movie fans who enjoyed " going my way " and suggested that he do a similar film showcasing the role that nuns played in the catholic world inhabited by father o'malley . bing crosby had garnered a best actor oscar for " going my way " and mccarey secured the services of the beautiful ingrid bergman to play sister benedict , the mother superior of st. mary 's school . crosby found himself immediately clashing with bergman on certain points relating to the parish , but through it all a mutual respect existed between them . each realized that the other was committed to the best interests of st. mary 's . dudley nichols , a best original screenplay academy award winner a decade earlier for the john ford film about the irish political conflict starring victor mclaglen , " the informer " , directed his effort in the script toward presenting crosby and bergman in periodic conflict , but learning from those experiences . much of the contrast , they realize , stems from the way that men and women view situations . one phase of the film showing this difference is when bergman teaches a young student who has been victimized by a bully how to box as a means of restoring order . she feels a tinge of guilt since the youngster 's failure to fight back and receipt of a beating in the process stemmed from his obedience to her stricture against fighting at st. mary 's . when crosby pursues a conventional macho posture in extolling the need for protecting oneself and praises the fighting skills of the bully , the nun has had enough . she purchases a boxing instructional book written by former heavyweight champion gene tunney and adeptly instructs the obedient youngster in the manly art of self-defense as he ultimately teaches the bully a lesson . crosby recognizes her teaching skill and becomes cognizant of the strength of her feminine viewpoint . an area where crosby and bergman cooperate is in seeking the answer to the nun 's fervent prayer . she believes that of the mortgage holder of their property , henry travers , who has built a modern building next door and seeks to use the church property for an employee parking lot , may through prayer and proper persuasion be convinced to give them his modern structure . the result would be a new school and no further need to use the tired current facility . the effectiveness of crosby and bergman stems from their soft sell technique with just the right pinch of christian charitable thought thrown into the mix . travers , who can not sleep nights and experiences heart problems , confides to the priest and nun separately that he wishes he was better liked . their soft sell approach in advancing the " it is more blessed to give than to receive " precept along with the accompanying feel good element of charity prompts travers to see things in a light more favorable to the interests of st. mary 's . crosby and bergman are delights to behold in this feel good film . they provide challenges to each other through disagreement and an effective front when they team up on the issue of greatest importance to them , the welfare of st. mary 's parish .
i really did ; i would watch it almost everyday ! it was my favorite movie back then ! i held this tradition until... ( sob ) ... my mom threw away our copy ! i do n't care if the tape was old ! i still wan na see it ! ( i 'm gon na buy it on dvd soon ! ^ _ ^ ) fluke is a great movie the whole family can enjoy . it 's an original story that should make you cry . it even has a pretty funny ending ! i ca n't wait to see this movie again... anyway , this movie is about a man who dies in a car-crash and gets reincarnated as a dog--i know a lot of peeps out there that do n't believe in reincarnation but just remember , this is fiction--anyway , as he grows older , he wants to see his wife and kid even more . he decides to find them . he one day sees them in a parking lot ( and ca n't remember what they did , the last time i saw this movie was a couple years ago ) and he ran up to the car window and scared his wife . she told him to shoo and after a while he got off the car and watched them drive away ( i think ) . i sadly ca n't remember what happened after that but i know he goes to his house and his son asks if they can keep him for a pet . the mother agrees , reluctantly . i dont remember a lot of the rest but i know he meets another guy that was reincarnated as a dog and they become friends...and...uh...no ! i need to watch the movie again ! ! ! i just bought the book , so after i read the book , i plan to watch the movie . bwa ha ha ~ ~ ! ! ! anyway , it 's a fun-filled movie . watch it
the guy shirtless , tied up , abs muscles so vulnerables to let the punisher to torture this guy until he cant almost breath and cry for mercy...just an upper stomach being beaten to make this guy suffer a pain he will never forget. .
the story line was very moving . anthony hopkins and morgan freeman are always fantastic in any movie they do . it is well worth the price and well worth the time to watch
how many times have you watched an exercise video hosted by a bouncy , perky blonde with a plastic smile making you feel like a fat , lazy slob ? or maybe it was an arrogant hollywood trainer with that " fitter than thou " sneer... these instructors just do n't seem like real people with real lives outside the gym , do they ? well , ana caban is different . she has a warm , relaxed presence with grace borne of years of ballet . she explains the moves thoroughly without talking down to the viewer , and she gives the impression that she does pilates because she likes the results - not because she is an obsessive-compulsive exercise fanatic . the exercises are geared toward the beginner , yet offer enough of a challenge to keep you busy for a while . when you 've mastered the beginner workout , she also leads an intermediate workout which offers greater challenges , but the familiarity of ana 's friendly demeanor . i have a hard time making myself exercise , but when it comes to buckling down and choosing something to do for myself , this is the dvd i pop in the machine . i 've purchased several exercise tapes and dvd 's over the years , but this one has definitely seen the most use
witch hunter robin is a great series which i enjoyed immensely but fails at delivering some of its finer qualities throughout the course of the series . the visuals are first rate , the music ( when there is music ) is beautiful , and the storyline is intriguing . silence and extended stares cloak the characters in mystery... so what 's the problem ? that same cloak covers the series in what could potentially be a series of yawns . one of the major problems with witch hunter robin is the pace . many serious animes either take themselves too seriously or not seriously enough... whr takes itself much too seriously . surely the story and visuals are worth it but for some reason there are long , tiring sequences during the course of the series which are supposed to be " meaningful . "  they are i suppose in retrospect ( one will notice this once they watch the final episodes of whr ) , but the events in the series do not warrant such extended periods of self reflection on the part of the main character ( s ) . the psychological and philosophical themes present are obvious toward the end of the series , and where they are not , the intelligent viewer can pretty much guess at them . i realize that this exhausted review of whr seems to only be about the tiresome pace at which the series progresses , but it 's an important factor as it leaves many to simply drop the series half way before ever seeing the later episodes ( the best episodes in my opinion ) . a second problem is also the fact that there are a number of " witch capturing " which take place during the series that seem... well , silly . the beginning of the series is all about these capturing - surely after seeing the last couple of episodes the viewer begins to understand how this ties into rounding out the characters but during the course of the series this might just bore you to tears especially if a number of episodes feature witch/enemies that simply do n't interest you ( which they may not , the creativity and design behind many of them is poor to say the least ) . in the end the series is about the characters , story , and visuals not the enemies which frequently populated much of the series - if you find yourself hooked on the main characters and their back-stories when they are introduced in the beginning of the series then you might like the whole thing . lastly as for reviewers that were expecting something " scary , " most of the shows on adult swim are for adults and the anime shows featured on adult swim are geared toward those typically interested in other things beside quick thrills ( needless to say those watching the series probably are n't into it because the name of the series is " witch hunter , " they are instead - hopefully - looking for a high quality , cohesive action/drama anime ) . this is not for individuals wanting to watch an action anime however... it 's more of a beautiful drama . younger anime viewers are not bound to like this one at all ! ! ! i 'd give it a try first renting it before you go out and spend money on it !
season 1 of " millennium " featured fantastic performances from its cast and a dark atmosphere that made " the x-files " look sunny by comparison . unfortunately much of that year ended up as little more than a " murder mystery of the week " fare . thankfully the second season , supervised by former " x-files " producers glen morgan and james wong , changed all that . the second season began with the suspenseful 'beginning and the end ' , where frank black pursues the mysterious polaroid man who kidnapped his wife . this episode also introduces the comic relief for season two , computer hacker brian roedecker . even though 'the beginnning and the end ' would fit perfectly in season 1 , the subsequent episodes follow a different path that greatly improved the series . starting with the second episode , 'beware of the dog ' , and continuing with episodes such as 'the hand of st. sebastian ' , 'owls ' , 'roosters ' , and the haunting two-part season finale 'the fourth horseman/the time is now ' , we find out that the millennium group has existed since the beginnings of christianity and is n't nearly as altruistic as frank black ( and the viewers ) originally suspected . in addition to the millennium group storyline , we also learn more about frank 's childhood via two holiday episodes : 'the curse of frank black ' , a halloween-themed tale where frank encounters the ghost of a neighbor who committed suicide , and 'midnight of the century ' , an emotional story of frank trying to mend the relationship between him and his father . in the latter we find out that frank was not the only one with a strange gift , as his mother was blessed/cursed with the ability to see angels . lastly the second season even showcased two comedy episodes : 'jose chung 's doomsday defense ' and 'somehow satan got behind me' . these hours of television are completely different from the average " millennium " episode ( to say the least ) but they 're still worth a look nonetheless . i could continue rambling on and on about the greatness of season two , but you 'll really have to buy the dvd set and form your own opinions . the dvd set does come with some bonus features , but the only one of worth is the season two documentary " turning of the tide " . the rest of the bonus materials are second-rate at best
one of the most maligned movies of 2004 is...not that bad . in a fine example of how critics and hollywood gang up on a movie before anybody has seen it , oliver stone delivers an epic take on the life of alexander the great . not up to par with the great hollywood epics , but not as bad as the critical cheap shots may lead you to believe . the incredible life of alexander the great is epic movie material if i 've ever seen any . his rise to ruler of the world by his mid twenties is chronicled here ( with noticeable gaps in the timeline ) . his personal life is just as fascinating as his public one . his decidedly odd family life ( as depicted by stone , anyway ) and his lovers ( both male and female ) are just as integral to the story as his military victories . perhaps , the ultimate momma 's boy just wanted to be loved . alexander is a workable and sometimes fascinating historical epic . it certainly does n't deserve the drubbing it got in the press . wonderful cinematography and a fascinating subject are undermined by uneven performances and some poor storytelling decisions , but there 's a lot to like . i 'll take my history this way instead of as an over sentimentalized bit of claptrap like the patriot or pearl harbor any day . forget the buzz and check it out . rent it . if , like me , you find much to enjoy there are plenty of copies on any used dvd rack . give it a chance and make the decision for yourself . my bet is you 'll find a lot to appreciate .
this review is for the criterion collection dvd edition of the film  " harakiri " known in japan as " seppuku " is the story of a samurai who has lost his job with his clan having broken up . he then asks a feudal lord permission to commit hara-kiri on his property . that is all i want to say about the plot but it does get interesting . the double disc set has some nice bonus features too . disc one contains the film with a theatrical trailer and an intruduction by donald richie . disc two has a poster gallery and interviews with director masaki kobayashi , actor tatsuya nakadai , and writer shinobu hashimoto . fans of classic japanese films will not want to miss this
this movie is going to bring you down . that 's a fact . but it 's hard to deny this movie all the praise it deserves . a classic tale about men who served in one of the most treacherous environments ever known to man . it 's also hard not to come out of this without a lot of respect for the germans who served in the u boat service
seriously ! at the end of fat eliminator minna says " do this program on a regular basis and watch your body change " . it 's true . i have been doing this dvd and only this dvd for about a month now - 3 days a week is fat eliminator and 2 days is strength and grace and my body is firm ! i have abs now , biceps and definition in my thighs and buns . extra flab is gone . this is a fantastic workout combination . fe is tough , particularly the first three cardio circuits . those plyo jumping jacks are killer . once i get through that third cardio circuit though i feel like i 've already had a good workout and i 'm only halfway through ! i work up a sweat - i ca n't even answer the phone because i could n't talk even if i wanted to . it 's definitely focused on your lower body with lots of jumping and plyo and core work but the circuits are quick and they really do go by quickly . the workout is also fantastic in that just when you feel like you ca n't do one more plyo lunge , she changes the pace to something more less impact . the 15 minute blast the fat toning section i always add onto the cardio days . it 's nice , quick and effective and in one hour while my son is napping i get in a total body workout . i also love the strength and grace segment . i enjoy alternating my days with this . it 's a perfect combination of relaxing and energizing and i still work hard , just without all the jumping around . my heart rate does get up there and again you do a lot of leg work for those nice glutes and thighs . minna is a beautiful woman and i appreciate her demeanor and her physique . there is just something about her that is completely likable . overall , i am extremely impressed with these workouts - the results i have seen will defintely make me continue these workouts
the movie : one of the boldest and most interesting films of the early 90 's , and one that deserved far more acclaim and attention than it ultimately recieved , this is a smartly written and beautifully acted film that should be seen by any cinemaphile with an open mind . and despite the whining from some , usually hardline christian , corners , it 's not anti-christian at all . what it is is simply great , imaginative and clever film making , and a superbly done character piece centered around a magnificent performance from mimi rogers , ably supported by the likes of david duchovny , will patton and patrick bauchau . i 'm not going to go into it too deeply simply because it 's one of those films that should be seen and experienced with as little up front knowledge as possible . ( please note that i 'm not attacking christians or christianity above , just a small , but , as usual , vocal closed minded minority that always gets up in arms about any film that dares tackle any such subject with any degree of honesty instead of going down the traditional biblical fawning path . people who will instantly hate a film like this just " on principle " and then proclaim to all that they should avoid " such trash " . you know exactly the kind of people i 'm talking about . they 're a minority , they just happen to be a very vocal and closed minded one . and none of that has anything to do with their christianity as much as it has to do with their absolute closed mindedness and their fear of anything that dares stray from a certain comfortable path . )  the dvd : the good news , this film is finally on dvd , and with a pretty decent audio commetary to boot . the bad news , the movie has been badly misframed , which is something that becomes obvious in a couple of key scenes especially . i 'm not sure whether this was done as a form of censorship ( as the misframing of one scene does effectively nullify a sequence of any real nudity that it once had ) or whether it was just a botched transfer , but it is clearly misframed regardless as i saw this film twice on it 's theatrical run and the framing is different now than it was then . plus the misframing is quite obvious anyway , and on the audio commentary you can even hear remarks about the film pertaining to parts of the print that are no longer visible due to said misframing ( so clearly they were watching the film in it 's proper framing ) . unfortunately this does n't appear to be available anywhere else on dvd , so if you want the film on dvd right now this is your only option , just be aware going in , and hope for a better release somewhere down the track . apart from the framing issue the sound and audio quality are perfectly fine , and the only other notable extra is the film 's trailer . the bottom line : a really good , bold , interesting film on a disappointing and variable quality dvd . mr j
there are many reviews here and i believe in their own way they all are right about this film to some degree . my main recommendation is to be sure to watch it more than once . if you do , it will begin to open up new vistas for you about this movie and the period in which it takes place . daniel day-lewis once again makes this film . you feel his intense pain once he unfortunately falls in love with the " wrong woman " ( pfeiffer ) after being engaged to the " right woman " ( ryder ) . he is a true gentleman in every sense of the word and you mourn for him throughout this film . due to circumstances beyond his control , he is thrown together with the wrong woman at the very time he has been pushing to move the date up for his marriage to the right woman . there is a palpable , underlying eroticism and sensuality that is very well developed by day-lewis and pfeiffer even though they never really have an affair . after i had watched this film one time , ( primarily due to day-lewis ) i had decided to give it away . i left it alone for about 2 weeks and then watched it again . since then i have watched it several times and i enjoy it more and more with each viewing . my only real complaint ; i hate the blond hair they gave pfeiffer . it 's just all wrong for her . nevertheless , she is so beautiful . take the time to watch this at least two times . if you do , i think you 'll find it 's a keeper
after the original , herbert west ( jeffery combs ) and dan cain ( bruce abbot ) have returned from medical miltary duty in south america as they return back home as they have perfected their re-agent formula to continue experimentint . but herbert however gets an idea to collect body parts especially the heart of cain 's old girlfriend " meg " to create the perfect re-animated woman , however dr. carl hill ( david gale ) has been re-animated back to life by accident as he still has powers to control zombies and want revenge for what west did to him . not as great as the 1985 cult horror comedy masterpiece " re-animator " but really enjoyable ! the acting is kind of average but there 's nice splatter in this movie including a variety of odd re-animated critters like a finger creature with a human eye attached done by screaming mad george , david allen ( puppet master , q the winged serpant and young sherlock holmes ) . like the original movie this has dark humor to propell along with gruesomeness , all in all is that it 's not a bad follow-up but still worth watching . this dvd is pratically bareboned with a alright transfer with no trailer ! but that 's ok , if you enjoyed the original then you 'll probably like this one as well
this show really is a love it or hate it kinda deal . from the first time it aired in the summer of 2005 on comedy central up until now i 've been a huge fan of the series . i was so sad to hear it 'd been cancelled but i was n't surprised . it was one of the shows i loved and planned my night around when new episodes were going to air . now that the dvds are out i can relive these 13 fleeting moments in tv that are , to me , some of the funniest things i 've ever seen . apart from the hilarious , oddball performances from michael michael and david the series was packed with guest stars including edward norton , paul rudd , and a whole lot more . really , anyone that is a fan of comedy ala strangers with candy will find this funny . it has a similar nonsensical insanity that leaves you laughing til it hurts . favorite episodes include : campaign paper route coffee shop novel meeting girls and vegetables  the extras on the dvd are really top notch including commentary tracks for every episode , a lengthy and interesting " history of stella " and much more . the commentaries are just about as funny as the episodes as the three creators continue to riff on each other , giving some insight into the creation process , while remaining pretty well aware their show met with sub-par ratings . they take it all in stride and are n't too proud to poke fun at themselves . i think if this show had been on comedy central around the time strangers with candy was on it would have been given atleast three seasons . it 's a shame . definitely worth getting , turning off your phone , and spending a whole night plowing through the whole season . " and when i say plow that 's a pun !
excellent series . the court room scene is hilarious . i am curious to know if anyone else has noted the subtle anti americanism of this series ( i refer to the portrayal of the american guest ) as well as in upstairs downstairs ? in both series , as in other british tv dramas , americans are portrayed as crude and materialistic . what about the henry james/edith wharton type aristocrats who toured england in the 19th century ? mr. hawksworth and others seem to have forgotten them . when will series 2 be released
if you 're a fan of vampires , werewolves , action , or gothic suspense , this is probably a movie you 'd be interested in checking out . while it 's not a groundbreaking film , it 's a highly entertaining one , and one that , for me , is something i can rewatch several times per year . the filming is very attractive . everything is dark , yet not so dark you ca n't see what 's going on . the movie has a gothic look to it - from the sets , to the costumes , to the lighting . ( please do n't mistake the meaning of gothic in terms of entertainment as the same thing as the gothic lifestyle . ) the music , mostly heavy rock , fits in well with the movie . and the action sequences are expertly shot and exciting to watch . the movie uses several techniques made popular by " the matrix " , but who cares ? it works perfectly within this movie . the only downfall of the movie is the complete lack of humor...there 's not a single joke in the entire thing ! everything is so serious and dark that unless you 're in a pretty good mood the movie could really bring you down...that 's how heavy it is . as for the set . the added scenes provide more insight , and the special features are a treat , especially the 45-minute documentary " fang vs. fiction " , which talks about vampires and werewolves . it was very intriguing . if you 're a fan of this movie and you own the dvd already , i would recommend selling it and buying this version , it 's worth the money
this is the best animal movie i have ever seen..from a child 's point of view . this has been our daughter 's favorite movie for the last one year or so ( she 's 3 now ) and after watching it almost every day ( sometimes several times a day ) she still enjoys it as much ! we 're surprised that even we are not tired of it . the animals are fun to watch , the story is interesting and the music is great . we 've bought several other animal movies for our daughter and this surpasses all of them . the production is superb , the animals did a great job and it all seems so real . a must-by for everyone who has small kids
as i understand it , " police squad " was one of the most requested titles for release on dvd . it 's taken a while for it to happen , but it finally has ! it 's great to be able to replace my vhs tape that i recorded the shows on almost 20 years ago during a " police squad " marathon . having now watched the dvd , i now know that for almost 20 years , i 've been watching heavily edited versions of the show . but not anymore ! other reviewers have described the episodes , so i wo n't waste time doing that . suffice it to say , the show was ahead of its time as it really did n't become popular until it was made into the first naked gun movie 6 years later ( and had two subsequent hit sequels ) . but i was one of the few who knew in 1982 that it was a clsassic . i always wondered why the show never worked on tv , but leslie nielsen probably explains it best in his interview that is included on the dvd . he says that you actually had to pay attention and most tv is meant to be watched almost passively while doing something else . and i think he 's right . so it 's great to have these shows . the extras are just so-so as the interview with nielsen is too short and i do n't think the commentaries give much to the episodes ( especially the one commented on by robert wuhl of " arliss " fame , who was a writer for the show ) . wuhl must say a dozen times " i do n't remember this . " might have helped , bob , if you took 25 minutes to watch it before watching it for the commentary . but i wo n't trim the rating . it 's the shows i wanted and have now received
the full frame version is just that , the unmatted full frame of the filmed image . the widescreen version is simply the full frame matted with black bars to fit a wide theater screen ( this is how it was originally shown in theaters ) . in two spots the dvd lies about the full frame version , saying that it 's a pan & scan trimming of the widescreen picture . ( 1 ) the widescreen/full frame menu screen which comes up when the disc boots up and also when you select " video setup " from the main menu . this screen shows a screen capture of a film frame that appears at 19 : 46 in the movie . the capture was taken from the widescreen matted version of the film , and the " full frame " image displayed is simply a cropped version of the widescreen image . ( 2 ) the text " the following film has been modified from its original version . it has been formatted to fit this screen . " which appears before the full frame version of the movie is played . mgm got themselves into trouble for this very same lie on their dvd packaging
season 1 : wonderfully funny with a lot of quick wit , incredible acting for a tv series , and classic plots . all around a great opening season for a classic show . season 2 : great story lines , very different plots , thickening of the chemistry between remington and laura with lots of cliff-hanger moments . the addition of mildred krebs in season 2 was the best move that the show producers made . season 3 : tops the first two seasons . it 's hard to hold back and not watch all the episodes in one sitting . the most disappointing thing about season 3 is that you know there are only one and a half season left of this great , classic show . laura ( stephanie ) and remington ( pierce ) are really just starting to get into the groove of their ever-messy , non-relationship , relationship , and mildred ( doris ) is just starting to blossom as an actual " gumshoe " . it is really too bad that this show ended after only 5 seasons . the good news in all of this is that you can watch the shows over and over and not get tired of them . i would highly recommend purchasing seasons 1-3 ( because i 've seen them already ) , as well as the final set of discs ( seasons 4 & 5 ) , even though i have not yet watched them ( i 'm trying to drag it out and make the show last longer ! ) . one major down-side ( not with the show itself but with the dvd discs ) is that we have experienced some technical errors with the discs--stopping completly , skipping to the end or back to the beginning , skipping chapters , etc . one disc will not even play in our computer , which was disappointing because we only figured that out once we were in africa for 4 months and trying to watch the show one night to relax . it 's too bad that they do n't take more care transfering great shows like this to quality dvd 's for years of non-skipping enjoyment . the same disc did n't have as much trouble playing in our actual dvd player once we were back in the states , but still skipped from time to time . overall show rating : * * * * * ( 5 stars )  overall disc rating : * * * ( 3 stars )
dark atmospheric telling of the tale . very decent ! it is a simply told ancient tale . the scenery is gorgeous . there 's a good atmosphere of the barbaric time . it 's a good movie , a lot of twisted emotion right up to the end . the movie conjures up thoughts of gerard butler as aragorn , and ingvar eggert sigur    sson as theodin in lotr .
i loved this movie . for those who gave it one star i guess didnt see how well it was done . in the american version all it was..was sarah michelle gellar 's face . the japanese version was much better ( considering it was original and made more sense ) . it has alot of characters in it but not so much that u will get lost in all of them since they usually die or just dont appear until later in the film.it has some twists which are good.the american leaves out soo sooo much . in the american one it was basically a dead girl killing random people . in the japanese one it is touching because the whole time the ghost was reaching out for help . anyway i recommend this to anyone who loves asian horror and likes a good plot and movie ! ! go see it ! ! and enjoy
this film gets 4 stars because the child actors shine so much in it . the plot is not very intriguing , and you know that nothing like this can happen in the real life , so it lacks this sense of reality . a dearly beloved child by perfect parents can never turn out to be a killer , which is exactly the point of this movie . however , this does keep you glued to the screen and wondering what will happen in the end , and the film is a delight to watch purely because the children are so cute . elijah wood is stunning , only due to his efforts can the film get some believability . caulkin is perfect in this role too , portraying the bad boy , i have no idea why people would point out his acting as poor . maybe only comparing to elijah , but hey , he is widely consirered as one of the most talanted actors of his generation and the most talanted holywood child star ever , so no wonder you can not compete with him.. . anyway , this film is certainly worth watching as a family entertainment and is absolutely a must for elijah wood fans !
in all fairness , this film is advertized on the package as a " docudrama " and not as a drama . the problem is that it is n't clear from that description whether what is being documented dramatically is the actual 1863 battle or the reenactment of battle on its 140th anniversary . as a documentary about the reenactment , this is a fine collection of footage , interspersed with some ( thankfully ) brief portrayals of the principle leaders on both sides . ( actually , i thought the actor portraying longstreet did a fine job -- the others were less convincing . ) as a documentary about the actual historic battle it is not inaccurate but it provides only a glimpse into the major actions that comprised this long and complex battle . as a reenactor , i found it interesting watching the various units on the field . despite the occassional glimpse of earplugs and sunglasses , the equipment and uniforms appear reasonably authentic . of course , given the generous build of most of the reenactors in this film the title should have been " three days of density " instead . i kid my fellow reenactors...unfortunately most people who have the money to spend on reenacting also have too much money to spend on good food and drink , myself included . so , if you want to really learn about the battle , read harry w. pfanz 's trilogy or stephen sears ' book . if you want to see what civil war reenacting on a grand scale can be like , this is a fine introduction
watching " once and again " is one of the most painful television shows to watch , let along watch again . this is not because it is a bad television show , but because when it comes to dealing with the aftermath of divorce it is the most painfully realistic television show that has aired to date . i would like to be able to identify with rick , but my personal situation is more like that of jake , and instead of focusing on the romantic relationships between the adults i keep paying more attention to the pain of the children when they talk about what divorce has done to them . watching " once and again : the complete second season " on dvd , the character i found myself paying attention to more than the first time around when the series aired on abc was that of zoe manning . there is a moment when she reads her parents , lily and jake , the riot act regarding being the youngest and not only getting hand me downs from her older sister grace , but also ending up with less years where the family ( " scribbling rivalry " ) . anybody who has been in a family that has gone through a divorce will find this show hits home time and time again . if you have been spared that particular experience , then i really do not know why you would want what these people go through . if the first season of " once and again " is about lily manning and rick sammler falling in love , then the second season is about how that relationship has a ripple effect with their family as the inevitability of the relationship forces their children and ex-spouses to a new level of acceptance . there is actually more abut lily and her new job ( e.g. , " scribbling rivalry " ) and rick working on a mega-project for miles drentell ( " edifice wrecked " ) , than there is about them being with each other . while lily and rick are happy , for the most part , everybody else is wallowing in misery to varying degrees , and throughout the season getting all the kids together and on the same page proves to be problematic again and again ( e.g , " feast or famine " ) . the major irony is that the dyad i am most interested in is karen and jessie , especially knowing what is going to happen to karen in the third season and what evan rachel wood has done since this show ended ( although i am equally impressed by julie whalen as a young actress as well ) . so i tend to pay attention to what each of those characters are doing , albeit for different reasons , but with more of an appreciation of how jessie is her mother 's daughter , which is not always a good thing ( " best of enemies " ) , especially since jessie is having trouble adjusting to high school and stops eating ( " food for thought " ) . having miles drentel is a mixed blessing , because while watching david clennon is always a pleasure , when he becomes a wedge between rick and david it is like watching michael and elliot on " thirtysomething " all over again . but it does inspire a true moment of vision for rick ( " ozymandias 2.0 " ) , and by the end of the season it becomes clear that the purpose of having miles around is to bring rick down to the point that all he can offer lily is himself at the end because his professional reputation and business are pretty much shot . this becomes important because it means rick and lily do not have the money to find a house where their merged families can have enough space to breathe , let alone live . but dramatically the whole bit of karen and her law firm trying to stop miles , and rick , from building their project is more interesting ( " edifice wrecked " ) , especially when it seems rick might end up going to prison ( " wo n't someone please help george bailey tonight " ) . when the psychiatrist that jessie is seeing points out that only married people get as angry as rick and karen get at each other , it seems so obvious . this really is a year of one step forward and one step backwards for most of the characters . jake is the big hero when an emotionally disturbed bus boy shows up at the restaurant with a gun ( " the other end of the telescope " ) , but bails on tiffany when she wants him to be a father to their baby ( " forgive us out trespasses " ) . judy comes up with the great idea of " booklovers , " despite lily 's negativity , but needs the entire rest of the season to figure out will gluck . eli has found something he likes and is good at with his music ( " i ca n't stand up for falling down " ) , but is unable to build on it as his problems with school and romance continue . note : why rick and karen wasted time letting eli apply to the university of illinois at champaign-urbana is beyond me , because i have taught there and my oldest daughter is graduating from there this december . i have to tell you that unless eli is going on a basketball scholarship , he is not getting it to that school and thinking he had a chance was a totally unrealistic expectation . so , my question is whether the people who put the show together know this was a big mistake and it is an insight into eli 's parents , or simply me once again reading way too much into the situation . my only real complaint is that this time around it becomes clearer to me that lily is really way too judgmental . at least when she does not immediately accept rick 's proposal ( another painfully true moment for me ) , she does not leave him hanging for long and i liked the way he found out she had accepted his ring . the fact that season two ends with the wedding ( " the second time around " ) might seem like the end of the story , but only if you make the mistake of thinking " once and again " was simply about lily getting remarried . it really is about trying to make two families one , which is why fans are sitting around waiting for the third and unfairly final ( and incomplete ) season to come out on dvd
this was a blast from the past for my husband and i . we purchased this for our 6 and 7 year olds and they really like it . it fits right where they are in school , and they laugh while they are learning . often when we are doing homework , i 'll say " that 's what they said on the electric company " or " remember what the electric company said this letters sound like ? " and they do . it 's been a joy to see something from my childhood work for them . it 's great to play in the morning while they are getting ready for school . -- plus i have to admit , seeing morgan freeman and bill cosby in this is quite hilarious ( mistakes and all !
using the g8 summit and negotiations over debt relief as the background for a romantic comedy seemed ( at least to me ) like a recipe for disaster , but thanks to great writing and an amazing performance by bill nighy , the girl in the cafe is an unexpected gem . do n't miss it .
this is a very enjoyable , laid-back film about the music and spirit of one of our greatest rock musicians . i love neil young 's music , and i love this film
i went into this dvd with low expectations and wound up really enjoying it . maybe " enjoy " is n't the right word , it is intense , it is political ( and i usually am on the opposite side of hollywood politics ) and it jumps around from subplot to subplot . in fact , i dozed off for 10 minutes and got entirely lost and had to rewind to fill in the blanks . but i found it very plausible . and that is what a good movie should do- give a plausible thesis and play it out . it succeeds here . it makes us think of the laws of unintended consequence . sure , it makes the gov't and big oil look inherently evil and characaturizes them , but that usually makes for a good starting point , since most large organizations usually succumb to fear and/or greed anyway . i once heard a history professor say " it is n't about the struggle of good vs evil , it is always about the struggle of good vs good....both sides always think they are right and god is on their side " ..... watch it , you will come out the other side thinking .
this was truly a great piece of work and should be viewed by all . it was a very sad day when the election was stolen from mr. gore , but this movie gave me a new realization . that being in office would have held this man back . his talent and passion truly shine through here and are very contagious . this is not a movie that leaves you feeling hopeless and wondering what you can do . mr. gore lists plenty of things we as individuals can start to do to make changes . he gives a website climatecrisis.net for more ideas and info . if you think this might be too boring for your taste , give it a chance and watch it if only to see the giant jellyfish . thank you mr. gore and all of the people who helped you make this happen
i thought this movie was pretty good . i 've seen a lot of nicholas cage movies ( 8mm , the rock , con air , etc ) so maybe i am biased towards him . i 've watched this movie 3 times and it does n't wear thin too quick like some movies
i enjoyed ice age , and this movie is good as well . thankfully , all of the cast from the original ice age returned , and the comedy as well . and , besides the characters , the story is another original idea , and a great stand alone movie by itself , and thankfully not a rehasing of an old one . the ice age is coming to an end , and our gang rallies the inhabitants of the valley to go on a trek for higher ground before their valley gets flooded . manny , along the way , begins to question his own mortality and the fact that he is " the last mammoth " ...or is he . well , that what everybody thinks , until they run across a family of opossums . do n't see how opossums and mammoths tie together , just watch the movie . queen latifah was a good addition to the cast . great film , one for the collection
star wars , in any format , will always be the greatest movie of all time
what a great story and an ending ! i was so excited about the conclusion of this 2 hr program that i coud n't sleep at all
wonderful  terry gilliam is the orson welles of our time . lambasted by critics for his excesses , admired by others for his genius . i 'm with the genius crowd . brothers grimm is probably the most unfairly panned movie i 've seen in a long while . gilliam 's style is baroque , and by a director who knows the definition . visually , this can be quite stunning , as various nasty and beautiful things poke out of corners of a scene . sort of like a durer woodcut as imagined by hieronymus bosch . and the brothers grimm is perfect ground for gilliam 's magic - a dark fairytale that is also has a clash of ideas . it 's 1812 , the age of napoleon , not a good time for the imagination . nevertheless , con-men jake & will grimm are cashing in off of superstition and fear , since it 's also an age of anxiety , and people believe more than ever in things that go bump in the night . the bumbling grimms are played , quite effectively by matt damon ( who pulls off the accent nicely ) and heath ledger ( a head scratching , eye-squinting success ) . their evil counterparts , end products from the age of reason , are a french general , played by jonathan pryce , and his wacky henchman , played by the always wonderful peter stormare . little girls are disappearing in a small town , and something needs to be done about it . and the grimms are caught in the middle . you will recognize bits and pieces of various fairy tales , as the grimms stumble and bumble along to try and figure out the mystery . to reveal more would be cheating you out of a great tale and some genuine surprises . check it out
" monk " is quite an interesting show . it is about this character named adrian monk ( played by tony shalhoub , " wings " ) , who is an obsessive compulsive detective with many phobias . he is also incredibly intelligent ; he can literally solve any kind of case rather quickly , provided that he has all the right clues . the most interesting aspect of this is that one never knows when monk might have an idea on what the mystery might be until he utters four immortal words , which , for some of the most intense cases , will really shock the audience : " i 've solved the case . " however , for some reason , the best part always seems to be when he says , " here 's what happened . "  when it comes to the scenes involving murder cases , it must be known that the antagonists of some episodes can get very , very brutal . they will do things like whack people against the head with crowbars , slice up their bodies with chainsaws , smash their hands with car doors , and sometimes , they will even try drowning them , and like the antagonists of " macgyver , " they are not afraid to use guns , if necessary . the acting is phenomenal especially by tony shalhoub and ted levine ( capt . stottelmeyer ) . the photography and cinematography are also well done and enhances each scene in each episode . finally , this dvd is practically perfect in picture and sound quality . it has extras like featurettes and you have the option of listening to it in three different languages ; english , spanish , and french . i found it all interesting . in conclusion , this tv show has it all : good background music , great dialogue , interesting stories , good acting , and interesting cinematography . the kab score : 8.9 super
i did not see john carpenter 's original version of " assault on precinct 13 , " but that did matter to my enjoyment of the 2005 remake . i was paying attention so i knew what the set up was , both inside and out of the precinct , as we went along . but being ahead of the characters on this one does not do you much good because there are ample twists in james demonaco 's script ( i made the mistake of announcing right before the first assault the two characters i was sure would survive all the bullets and i was half-right , which is a polite way of saying i was half-wrong ) . it is new year 's eve in jean-francois richet 's film and it has started to snow heavily . precinct 13 officially closes at the stroke of midnight and filling up the last boxes are sergeant jake roenick ( ethan hawke ) , who has been hiding behind a desk ever since an undercover gig went horribly bad and he was wounded while his two partners were killed , grizzled veteran jasper o'shea ( brian dennehy ) who is always talking about retirement , and secretary iris ferry ( drea de matteo ) who is always talking about sex with bad boys . jake would rather talk about sex than his feelings about what happened before with alex sabian ( mario bello ) , the department shrink who happens to stop by on a snowy new year 's eve to take another crack at jake 's psyche . then a detroit police transport bus shows up with a quartet of prisoners , unable to get to the prison because of the storm and a highway accident . there is beck ( john leguizamo ) , who will not shut up , anna ( alisha hinds ) a girl with a crew-cut who proclaims her innocence , smiley ( ja rule ) , a counterfeiter , and marion bishop ( laurence fishburne ) , the most notorious criminal in the city , who has just been arrested for murdering an undercover cop under suspicious circumstances . so when a couple of guys with guns break into the precinct and everybody is yelling these are bishop 's men coming to get get , we do not buy it . after all , as soon as bishop saw them he hid behind a wall . things are just beginning to get interesting . " assault on precinct 13 " is an action film where the human element is really more interesting once jake figures out that to survive the night he needs everybody to help out , which means not only the prisoners but the women . everybody gets a gun in this one , but you know full well that not everybody can be trusted with one . furthermore , jake is fully aware that bishop is the smartest and deadliest person there , but this movie is all about making the best of a bad situation that keeps getting worse . the death of one character really puts the way this is going to play out into question , and i liked the note on which the film actually ends once we finally get down to the inevitable confrontation between the two main characters . not great , but certainly an enjoyable action picture with a minimum amount of stupidity on the part of the characters once you accept the idea the die is cast and it is all or nothing for the bad guys . that is a pretty good recommendation for this genre
maybe better than the original . i liked that they focused on wonka 's childhood throughout the film . that was something that really added to the storyline . they really did a good job in the beginning making the golden wrapper seem like a big deal , too . i guess the only surprising thing was that the bubble room from the original was n't anywhere to be seen in this one , but in a way the room with the squirrels made up for it . oh , and the children seemed especially bratty this time , which made it better when those bad things happened to them . a friend pointed out to me that this version has a lot more musical numbers . good call . i do n't know if the ending was better than the original , but it was certainly a very good , interesting way to wrap up this wonderful remake . i do n't want to reveal what happens at the end , so let 's just say that when the factory tour is over , and charlie leaves , there 's still a decent chunk of storyline left . i was kind of disappointed that the whole fantasy of " living in a world of chocolate " element was n't really there , which is definitely a bad thing . i mean , come on . we all want a world of chocolate ! i just feel there should have been more chocolate-related things included in the film . overall , it 's probably not better than the original , but it 's not worse either . you really need to own both .
having seen stella 's live show in hollywood , i had a sneaking suspicion that i was going to love their comedy central show , and i was not disappointed . these guys have mastered the art of genius-disguised-as-idiocy , and nearly every episode is hilarious from beginning to end . i guess i 'm not surprised it did n't last ; this kind of humor is n't for everyone . but come on...we are talking about a network whose supposed hits include mind of mencia and blue collar comedy , both of which are among the worst dregs that the comedy world has to offer . these guys have been making great comedy for a lot of years , and i hope to see them in another show or movie soon . until then , i 'll be enjoying stella on dvd
that is really what a.b.c . said when they took this,the funniest show ever on t.v.,off the air in less than six shows . my friends in high school and i watchedcthis show every time it came on . it was a parrody of all the cop shows from the 60 's and 70 's and was falling down funny . later the group who gave us airplane would retool their baby into the " naked gun " movies and make a mint at the boxoffice . each show could be watched many times just to catch the jokes you missed . i 'm so happy that they have all six shows on dvd now,and i can get rid of the old cut up copy that i had on vhs . and remember " smoke " , " yes i know,but what happened
this film is a gripping true life portrait of the path poverty takes when it ( poverty ) decides to destroy life and hurt those who can not defeat its ties of depression . one of the strongest film ever seen ! ! ! a must see
i really loved this story ! each actor played his role perfectly and the filming and special effects were outstanding
the thing i like about this movie was that it was wholesome , something the whole family could watch together without having to worry about bleeping the bad parts out ! cute , entertaining story with some romance thrown in for interest
" stagecoach " is significant , along with " destry rides again " , for redefining the western for " adult " audiences . director john ford achieved that by emphasizing character developement over action though the film does contain some thrilling sequences . for sure the film does contain a number of western archetypes ( the gambler , the prostitute with a heart of gold , etc . ) but they transcend the stereotypes . " stagecoach " is also significant as the film that broke john wayne to mainstream audiences . wayne 's entrance as the ringo kid is the stuff of legends . there is not a bum performance in the impressive cast that includes the underappreciated claire trevor as the social pariah , dallas , and thomas mitchell as doc boone , for which he won an oscar . the film 's status as being historically significant is not debatable . as first class entertainment it is timeless
i watched this movie ...and once it finished i decided i had to log on to amazon and buy it up . this film is so well done , from the characters , the actors , the dialogue and the stories . a pure enjoyment to watch . i hope everyuone sees it at least once
this film is visually stunning with a soundtrack that sounds truly haunted . occasionally the film lets itself down with it 's editing . i sometimes feel disorientated thinking " wait slow down will you . " having said that - this film is well acted , and really puts you in the netherlands of the 19th century . it may not be as hard hitting and exciting as turkish delight but this film is equally competent and well worth watching
i love good underrated movies , they make you feel like you 're part of a priviledge club of connoisseurs . i 'm not a movie buff , but deep cover has all the elements you would expect of a classic : great acting , memorable lines , interesting ( and logical ) plot and a decent ending . laurence fishburne is at his best in his role of an undercover cop slowly crossing the line between pretending to be a drug dealer and pretending to be a cop . jeff golblum is one of those actors you either love or hate , and i loved him playing the dirty lawyer laundering drug money . there 's a great chemistry between the two and the supporting cast , which to me , was one of the main weakness of new jack city . the use of laurence fishburne 's character as the narrator works wonder , and somewhere between the slow , dark wailings of the movie theme , the nightime shots of downtown la and laurence fishburn 's poetic lines , the movie grabs you into a world , an urban jungle , crowded with nightime vultures , heartless killers and hopeless junkies . deep cover is somewhere between fables and magical realism , a place where reality exceeds fiction . a great movie , the dvd is so so , almost no extras , and the picture quality is good , without being great .
where do i start ? jack nicolson is a magnificant actor . he can play anybody and his performance in this film was top notch . i recomend anyone that claims to be a fan of his to check this film out . i guarantee you will be satisfied
spider-man ( 2002 . ) the first spider-man film . spider-man 2 ( 2004 . ) the second spider-man film . introduction : in 2002 , the first of the live-action spider-man hit theatres . it 's not likely that the film 's director , sam raimi , had any idea just how successful his big-screen incarnation of the classic superhero would be . it drew in huge amounts of money at the theatres , and the dvd releases did the same . the sequel , appropriately enough , was even more hyped , and did even better . and now , both films have been combined into a single set ! read on for my review of the spider-man films . storyline : essentially , this set includes both of the films . the first of the two films explains how peter parker got bitten by a radioactive spider , and gained the powers that ultimately turned him into spider-man . in the first film , the villain is former head of oscorp , norman osborn , who has been transformed into the green goblin by a chemical he was testing . the second film continues two years after the first left off , and features spider-man facing off against doc ock , a brilliant scientist who has gone mad due to a mixture of not getting the proper credit for his work and an electric shock that permanently grafted mechanical arms to his body . this time around , juggling the duties of being spider-man with work and school have made peter parker question whether or not he wants to continue the superhero lifestyle . opinions : both of these films flat-out rule . seeing the first film turned me into a spider-man fan practically overnight . the acting and storyline are both excellent , particuarly willem dafoe 's portrayal of norman osborn/the green goblin . everything the first film did well , the second one does even better . i was amazed that they managed to create a sequel superior to the original film , since sequels rarely top the film that comes before them - but sam raimi does it here . these are great films , and the fact that they 're together in one package only sweetens the deal . dvd : these are the standard dvd releases of the film , meaning each one has a bonus disc of material . there are a ton of bonus features , including commentary , cast and crew interviews , and assorted other extras too . the second disc included with the first film even has a listing of a ton of the old comic books , and the plotlines of them ! that 's my favorite extra on either of the discs . the other features are also excellent , and if you like the films , you 'll agree they 're worthwhile . overall : i ca n't begin to express my satisfaction with these films . the cast and crew have creates two cinematic masterpiece , and i think you 'll agree superhero movies do n't get any better . being able to get both movies in a single set makes the deal all the more sweet . these are must-watch movies , regardless of who you are . even if you 're not a big fan of the spider-man franchise , you may be pleasantly surprised
i saw this movie for the first time when i was 5 . i 'm still watching it at 65 . they will never be another movie to surpass this one
the movie was terrific , and the only reason i did n't give it 5 stars , was because there was quite a bit of spanish in the film , and the subtites from spanish to english did n't seem to work on my copy . english subtitles appeared for engliish , and spanish subtitles appeared when they spoke spanish ! strange . fortunately i know some spanish , so i could sort of pick it up , but i do n't know why the sub titles did n't work . anyway , bogie was very good and the story was too . three men set out to find gold , and naturally greed and suspicion overtake one of them complicating the whole journey . besides all that were the usual bandits and indians and so forth . but it kept you watching and that 's what really counts . wo n't tell you if they got any gold !
i thought this was a very good film . well written filmed cast and acted . very dark humor . i myself would have used lawyers guns and money by warren zevon and knockin ' on heavens door , bob dylan on the sound track
this movie is so touching . i loved the determination of the girl . it 's been a while since i 've seen this movie so forgive me for not remembering the characters ' names . my children got hooked on foreign films after watching this movie with me . a great family movie or just a clean chick flick
i love it i love it i love it i love it i love it i love it ! ! ! ! this dvd is fantastic ! ! ! ! ! !
ellen , the young boy 's stepmother , gets involved in this frightening story quite by accident in the shower . it is necessary to actually tear apart the shower door to attempt to save her . the " pulse " is in the tv , the electricity , the hot water... everywhere . naturally nobody believes them when they try to explain what it is . i have watched this video several times and i 'm still not sure myself . a real thriller : get it while you can . exclusively at amazon.com
i ca n't wait for this second season to finally be released . i bought the first set on a whim and wow was i pleasantly surprised . i never knew alfred hitchcock had such a fun personality and such wicked humor before viewing his little intro 's and exits during each episode . this set includes 39 episodes from the 1956-1957 season . the casts of each show are superb and the certain actors who show up in other episodes are always welcome as the new characters they play . if you love short , play-like drama 's ( some are comedy 's in a dark vain ) you owe it to yourself to check out both season sets and join me and others who hope that the studio 's will quickly release all of the seasons for us fans . peace : o
what can one add to what 's already been written about the movie many consider to be the greatest film of all time ? " citizen kane " has been analyzed more than any other movie , in part because the story behind the film is as interesting as " kane " itself . it 's therefore appropriate that this special edition also includes the documentary " the battle over citizen kane " and the hbo film " rko 281 . "  i 'm amazed at how many people i encounter who have watched " citizen kane " once and thought it was just ok . but seeing it once is simply not enough . this is true of any great film , but more so for " kane , " a multifaceted work that can not be fully digested upon first viewing . in many ways , " kane " is the bible of modern cinema : you 'll find something new each time you watch it . orson welles ' astonishing directorial debut is a tour de force of cinematic technique , narrative innovation and ensemble acting . the story of charles foster kane , a newspaper tycoon based more or less on william randolph hearst , unfolds in imaginatively designed flashbacks . welles and cinematographer gregg toland employ chiaroscuro lighting and deep focus photography to create an evocative and rich tapestry that rewards repeated viewing . welles , as kane , ages 50 years over the course of the film , aided by makeup artist maurice seiderman 's wizardry . welles ' mercury players , including joseph cotten , agnes moorehead , ruth warrick , ray collins , everett sloane , and erskine sanford , round out an impressive cast . the expertly produced documentary , " the battle over citizen kane , " recounts the factors that nearly prevented welles ' film from seeing the light of day . but it belabors the comparison between welles and hearst . both were certainly ambitious men , and charles foster kane is based as much on welles as on hearst , but the similarities end shortly thereafter . by repeating the popular wisdom that welles ' career tanked after " kane , " the documentary glosses over welles ' achievements . welles went on to make several great films , two of which ( " touch of evil " and " chimes at midnight " ) are often cited by welles scholars as superior to " kane . "  while the documentary overdoes the comparisons between welles and hearst , " rko 281 " distorts the relationship between welles ( liev schrieber ) and " kane " co-writer herman mankiewicz ( john malkovich ) . mankiewicz was holed up with welles ' mercury theatre partner john houseman - not welles - at victorville , and houseman was welles ' confidant throughout the " kane " controversy , not mankiewicz . if the film simplifies real-life relationships , it remains an enjoyable - if somewhat lightweight - re-enactment of the controversy , with great performances by james cromwell as the imperious hearst and melanie griffith as the ditsy marion davies . back to the inevitable question : is " citizen kane " the greatest movie of all time ? quite possibly , though " touch of evil " might be even better among welles ' own films . but " kane " is more inexhaustible , and more conducive to repeated viewing and in-depth study . " citizen kane " has topped the highly regarded " sight and sound " polls since 1962 , and the american film institute reinforced " kane 's " # 1 status with its 1998 top 100 list . can all the critics , experts , and film buffs all be wrong ? watch " citizen kane " - not once , but twice or more - and decide for yourself
fred astaire plays a dnacer returning to england from a trip abroad . in the customs shed he meets ginger rogers in an embarassing predicament . he tries to find out who she is , but she refuses to tell him , and he spends ages searching london for her until he finally tracks her down and begins to awaken her interest . ginger goes down to brighton with her friend dithery much-married alice brady , and astaire and his dithery lawyer friend edward everett horton go in pursuit . ginger has gone to brighton to try and obtain a divorce , she intends to spend the night with a professional co-respondent . somthing astaire says makes her think he is the co-respondent , which puts her right off him . fortunately the real co-respondent , a diminutive italian , turns up ( &quot ; your wife is safe with tonetti,he prefer spaghetti&quot ; ) and the mystery is sorted out . but what will happen when ginger 's husband arrives the next morning ? will she get her divorce . this is a wonderful film , with a silly but extremley funny plot , and some wonderful dialogue , particularly between horton and brady , who somehow manage to end up married to each other , much to their surprise . an absolutely delightful film
this dvd set was outstanding . the 5th and 6th seasons of seinfeld were at the height of the show . great extras !
the legend of zelda : complete animated series sits high up on the forgotten mountain of what children 's cartoon should be , right there with " teenage mutant ninja turtles , " " street sharks , " and " recess . " the legend of zelda was ( and still is ) such an exceptional video game series for all ages , and the tv show followed in its footsteps . it combined pleasantly cartoony action and adventure with cheesy one-liners , and some jokes that still today make me laugh . " lookin ' good , princess ! 'specially from this angle ! " as children we see link yell that to zelda on a balcony below him and brush it off as the banter in between those amazing battle sequences . but later , that comment makes us young adults convulse with glee , and wonder how we ever missed it before . but the series is most enjoyable for those of us who faithfully stuck to the actual video game series . the implimentation of original 8-bit sound effects into the cartoon is an added bonus that draws us back for more . and waiting to see which classic zelda enemy will cause link and zelda trouble next is just that much more fun ( especially if you can name them ) . but by far the most fun thing about this show is waiting and praying for the day when link can coax a kiss out of the lovely princess . and they 've come so close it almost made me angry when they got interrupted . link tries so hard , and makes such an idiot out of himself trying , that you 'd think he deserves a little action once in a while . but every time , no matter how he tries , he either messes up or is interrupted by ganon 's non-stop attempts to steal the triforce . all in all , if you grew up with te super mario super show , and you 're a nintendo fan , you 'll appreciate this show as much as you love to watch it
this is really sweet adventurous romp with plenty of action and humor & i really enjoyed watching it . i think it has great replay value & as one of the other reviewers noted you can just switch your brain into neutral and enjoy the silliness . i found it more reminiscent of the old 60 's films like 'monte carlo or bust ' or 'those magnificent men....' . jackie chan rather than trying to take a leading role delights as the action-packed foil to 'fillius fogg ' played with brilliant english reserve & self-deprecating humor by 'steve coogan' . there 's no comparison to the original & the film does n't even try to copy . rather , it takes a silly story with silly character 's puts them in silly situations and with quite considerable imagination and verve makes one of the nicest family action/adventure/comedy movies you 'll see . because this is n't a typical 'martial arts ' vehicle for 'jackie chan ' i found that the fight scenes and stunts worked a whole lot better given the storyline . check out for instance the fight-scene in the art-gallery which goes to show why 'jackie chan ' is probably the best action/comedy star in the world right now . there 's much that 's chaplain/keaton-like in his performance & all the stunts are more impressive because you know that he does most all his own stunts . the guest-stars are a nice treat to spot during the travels and again harkens back to the older comedies which used similar devices , most notably 'it 's a mad , mad , mad , mad world ' ( what i think is the best comedy ever & this is by no means a comparison ) . anyway 'arnold swarzenneger ' in his awesomely bad wig was a hoot as a turkish prince no less ( possibly the poorest arabian impression ever , which is of course why it works so well ) and 'rob schneider ' has the funniest guest spot as the smellier than smelly bum with poor career advice . miss 'cecile de france ' is a beautiful comedy foil & manages to overcome a limited role to portray a luminous comic talent & i hope to see more from her . you might expect the comedy in the film to be crude or obvious but i found a lot of it to be nicely restrained , this was in part due to great casting and what appeared to be great chemistry on set , check out the extras . all in all a wonderfully attractive and relaxing family comedy/action/adventure with ne'er a slow moment and a well paced story that however familiar still manages to please on repeated viewing .
the main character , lebowski , is a bum of a person living in los angeles who spends most of his time either doing nothing or bowling with characters played by john goodman and steve buscemi . suddenly lebowski 's life is changed when he is mistaken for another lebowski who is much wealthier than he and who as gotten involved with a group of unsavory characters . the plot evolves as many other coen movies ( raising arizona comes to mind ) as we are introduced to more-and-more colorful characters and the plot gets more-and-more outrageous , yet somehow still seems real . my favorite component of this film is the character played by john goodman , a polish viet-nam veteran who converted to judaism after marrying his ex-wife . he has a hair-brained plan to help lebowski extricate himself from the mix-up mess and he does n't bowl on shabbos . he also baby-sits his ex-wife 's pomeranian when she goes out of town . if you liked raising arizona you 'll want to watch this movie over and over again
" the dude , that or , uh , his dudeness , or , uh , duder , or el duderino if you 're not into the whole brevity thing . " those are the dude 's immortal words he used to introduce himself to the other jeffery lebowski . you 're probably thinking " what is he talking about , who is the other jeffery lebowski ? " , well i 'll tell you in just a moment , i 've just got some things to clear up first . joel and ethan coen have made some of the most loved films of all time , and are one of the most criticly acclaimed film making duos/team of all time . these fellows bought you the cult favourite blood simple , the hillarious raising arizona , the decietful millers crossing , the crazy barton fink , the hudsuckers proxy , and the blood drenched fargo , and now this , one of the finest films they 've done , the big lebowski . jeff bridges is jeffery lebowski or in this case , the dude . john goodman plays the vietnam veteran walter , steve buscemi is not in it too often , but he plays the loveable donnie . let 's just go through the character sketches ( only the dude 's bowling pals ) . characters : the big lebowski 's main character is the dude , he lives in la , he listens to creedance clearwater revival , his favourite drink is a white russian , and he loves bowling . the film is set in , as we 've established before , los angeles . the dude is an average joe slacker who dresses in , as what you could say , 'the hippie who likes to surf clothing' . sandals , shorts , crummy old shirts , jersey jackets ( jackets that are jerseys ) ,he never wears socks with his shoes ( even in bowling shoes ) and occasionly , glasses . let 's also not forget his long hair that makes the dude 's image so legandary . the dude 's bowling buddies are walter sobchak , and donny . walter is a vitnam veteran and refers everything to nam' . he mostly wears shorts , a shirt with a sleeveless jacket , hiking shoes , socks ( obviously ) , and always , and i mean always wears his aviator sun glasses . he also has sort of an army man buzz cut with a beard around his mouth . donny , is a great bowler , whenever we see him bowl , he gets a strike , except for once later on ( do n't want to spoil anything ) . that 's all we bassicly know about him except that he usually ( when bowling ) wears long pants , a bowling shirt tucked in and a haircut where is hair is n't too long or too short . he 's a nice guy and is usually told to shut up by walter because of his late involvement in conversations with the dude and walter . the plot : the movie kicks off with a man narrating . he has a texan accent and talks about a man named jeffery lebowski who also goes by the name 'the dude ' , and is the supposed storyteller of the dude 's story , but does n't narrate until later on . as he narrates we see the dude in a grocery store in his sandals and the previous statements i made of the clothes he wears , he 's looking at milk and tests one of them to see if it 's sour , he later arrives home with his purchased milk but is surprised by two thugs , they dunk his head in the toilet and are telling him to give them the money that bunny owes them . they later realise that it 's not the jeffery lebowski they 're after , they 've soiled the dude 's rug and they eventually leave , but the dude wants to get to the man who they were supposed to get , this is the other jeffery lebowski i was talking about and is the millionaire lebowski , he 's bassicly the title 's name " the big lebowski " . the dude pitches up at the millionaire 's mansion and attempts to get a free carpet in exchange for what the thugs were supposed to do to the big lebowski 's carpet . he eventually get 's what he wants but is then later called by jeffery lebowski to drop off money to kidnappers who kidnapped his trophy wife bunny . to cut this short , the film is about the dude trying to get bunny back to jeffery lebowski , and how he has to deal with other problems that jeffery lebowski has , because people come looking after him because of the same name he shares with the millionaire lebowski . the drop off of the kidnapping leads to all of his other problems . walter is told about the ransom money by the dude and decides that the dude and himself should keep the money instead , because walter thinks that bunny kidnapped herself . walter gives the kidnappers a bag full of dirty laundry that he had , so they keep the money in the car when they go bowling , as they come out , his car is gone . so they have to get the money back without jeffery lebowski knowing . the film is hilarious , but that does n't mean that it 's just a normal movie , it 's stunnig . the dialogue is sharp and witty , although there 's alot of swearing , that does n't mean the humour is just fowl mouthed , it 's hillarious , some of the lines go down in history as some of the funniest one liners ever . the coen 's writing here is as good as ever , with excelently written and thought out characters . jeff bridges and john goodman are absolutely hilarious , they 're definately the funniest characters in this movie ( jesus is also funny ) , and make you wish the film would never end . the other things that are worth watching the film for are the acid trip sequences and the absolutely incredible vintage rock soundtrack . this is a comedy lover 's dream come true . if you love the coens and excellent snappy humour then this is a must have for you . even you do n't know the coens too well or even comedy , then here 's a film too start with . just buy this now , or soon , or whenever you have a split second of a chance to buy it . i ca n't tell you what the special features are on this disc , because i have the region 2 edition . this one most probably has the same trailer my one has . so if it 's the same as the region 2 features , then it 's got absolutely no good special features worth writing about
i was a teenager in the 80 's , so i love all of the old 80 's teen movies , but some kind of wonderful makes my top three . the performances were believable - the actors became the characters , not the other way around . eric stoltz is a level headed mechanic from the wrong side of the tracks ( literally ) who wants to pursue art instead of business . mary stuart masterson is his best friend , a tomboy drummer who is secretly in love with him . lea thompson is the beautiful girl from their neighborhood who made it into the inner circle of popular rich kids on the basis of her beauty - and her boyfriend . craig scheffer is the rich bully boyfriend - and the only off note . keith ( eric stoltz ) is interested in amanda ( lea thompson ) and takes the opportunity to ask her out when she breaks up with her boyfriend . to spite the boyfriend , she says yes . watts ( mary stuart masterson ) predicts trouble and their friendship is tested . my favorite line from the movie is when keith defends amanda , claiming , " you ca n't judge a book by its cover . " watts cynically replies , " yeah , but you can tell how much it 's gon na cost . " finally watts agrees to help keith prepare for the date , including helping him " practice kissing " - and it 's a doozy of a kiss . throw in john ashton as keith 's father , maddie corman as his meddlesome sister , and elias koteas as the scary guy keith befriends in detention , and you have a " wonderful " movie
based on historical events which are still poorly undertsood , this movie depicts werner heisenberg and niels bohr - the titans of quantum mechanics in its halcyon days during the 1920s and 1930s - caught in an encounter which is a loose human analogy to heisenberg 's famous uncertainty principle ( which demonstrates mathematically that you can not know both the exact speed and position of a single electron ) . drawing from the tony award-winning play by michael frayn ( who also wrote noises off ) , the movie revolves around the dialogue between these two men ( sometimes together with bohr 's wife ) who meet in copenhagen in 1942 when heisenberg , the german , who has been placed within the scientific research progam of the nazis in their quest to build a nuclear bomb , visits his mentor and colleague bohr , the dane who is living through nazi occupation of his native land . there are deep unresolved questions about the motives of heisenberg which the characters try to resolve in a series of talks and walks through the same park where the two physicists previoulsy stolled to debate the ideas which came to form the foundation of quantum physics . set against a piano score which resonates with the inner sense of uncertainty and suspicion in the dialogue , the movie achieves some the things that the big stage does not allow , including flashbacks and scenes ranging back and forth between the park and bohr 's home . [ note : i enjoyed the movie as much as the play ] . in an era where cinematic palates seem titillated mostly by fast action thrillers , this movie is another example of how well constructed dialogue makes for gripping cinematic drama when it goes hand in hand with superb casting and performance
i enjoyed the first season and got it . eagerly awaiting season 2 . see it for sale overseas in the uk but not here ? tough waiting so long...sigh . i can do other formats besides north america but it 's a pain . c'mon guys , i 'd rather spend the money here .
the grapes of wrath is a great movie , perhaps one of the best i have ever seen . however , having read the book , i notice that some of the most interesting parts of the story have been left out . by taking out these crucial , yet quiet scenes ; the movie has a faster pace than the book . in the movie , grandpa died suddenly . the only explanation for his death was that he had a stroke . in the book , the preacher , casy , explained to the family members that the old man could not leave his land , his home and his way of life . casy explained that grandpa was spiritually dead when he left his house , and it did not take long for his body to also die . this shows the great sacrifice that the joads must make in order to survive . in the movie , it just seems that they pack up , leave , and arrive , without any moral dilemmas . grandpa dies in another family 's tent , not just on a blanket by the road . this is important because in the book it symbolizes the way people have to help one another in times of need . in the scenes in california , the pace slows down a bit , so i can feel the details of the book surface in the movie . with the events leading up to casy 's death crisp and clear , i could understand his death as brutal murder , and tom 's speech about him carrying on casy 's work beautifully taken from the book . i really loved these scenes , because unlike most of the movie , these scenes do remain true to the book , and because of that , they are full of detail , and you can see the hand of steinbeck at work . despite all of these forgotten scenes , the grapes of wrath is one of the best movies of all time
why does title always seem to be ommitted from any bond collection release ? connery in a remake of thunderball.... is this not a relesae by the same production company ? it is a mgm release , so why does n't it ever get included ? any light that can be shed would be greatly appreciated. .
there simply is no more controversial architect in the world today than frank gehry and people have very strong opinions about his work . he has both his passionate lovers and haters . i am one of the very few who is somewhat in the middle . i really love some of his work , while i find some of his work to be quite off putting . the person in the film who probably got it better than anyone is a sympathizer of gehry 's work , art critic claude jencks ( the person who popularized the term " postmodern " ) . jencks , for whose deceased wife gehry designed a memorial building , states bluntly that gehry has made some ugly buildings . i think with gehry more than most architects , one must give oneself the freedom to hate or love his individual buildings without inhibition . whatever else one may say about gehry , he is n't like other architects . one reviewer below called this a " puff piece , " but that is n't really correct . it is more correct to call it a conversation with a friend . gehry asked his close friend , the mainstream director sydney pollack , to make a documentary of his work . the result is a fine portrait of gehry 's career . pollack certainly does not criticize his work , but interestingly he does not over praise it either . they do call attention to the fact that many simply do n't like his work and the film contains numerous excerpts from one of gehry 's more vociferous and respected critics , hal foster . but the point of the film is not to provide an objective and critical overview of frank gehry 's work . the point is to get to know frank gehry and some of his ideas about architecture . in this the film succeeds marvelously . if one watches a number of documentaries about architects , one thing that is striking is how many of them are enormously likable individuals . for every irascible frank lloyd wright there are ten you 'd love to sit down and have a beer with . much like i. m. pei , frank gehry comes across as an immensely likable guy in this film . perhaps away from his friend 's camera he is an implacable tyrant , but those qualities , if they exist , are not apparent here . instead , he comes across as a genuinely nice guy . in fact , a couple of the individuals interviewed stress that as laid back as gehry is , he really does have an ego . i do n't think i 've ever heard a person in the creative field have anyone insist that appearance aside , they really do have an ego . in the vast majority of cases , that is all too apparent . i found it interesting to see the shots of gehry and either of his design partners working with him on designs . if you are accustomed to think of architecture as akin to drafting , watching gehry work is a bit of a shock . he does n't design so much as sculpt . he and his partners look like a couple of extremely mature kindergartners with scissors and paper as they cut , bend , shape , snip , and play with variations on the model they are struggling with . there is apparently little or no concern with the particular materials to be used . he seems rather to struggle with the kind of overall shape , with the assumption that with today 's materials any kind of design can be turned into a reality . the film really brings out how gehry 's own conception of architecture is much closer to sculpture than to engineering . as a resident of chicago , a city noted for his importance to twentieth century architecture , it has been amazing to realize how little of his work has been done here . in fact , apart from his controversial ( what else ? ) work in millennium park , i 'm not aware of anything else he has done here . as a result , i have less direct experience with gehry 's work than many other leading architects . i must confess that much of what i see appears to be fascinating . i would , for instance , absolutely love to see his bilbao museum . but there is one aspect to gehry 's work that i really applaud : its emphasis on individualism . one criticism of much architecture has been its essential conservativism . much of it espouses nonegalitarian and conformist values . one sees exceptions , such as louis sullivan 's refusal to put box seats in his chicago auditorium design . if one looks at a gehry design , it is hard to imagine it ever becoming the style of choice of a repressionistic , totalitarian regime . it is too individualistic , too anarchic for that . even such a free spirit as louis kahn still designed the capitol of bangladesh . but it is simply impossible to imagine frank gehry designing a capitol . i thoroughly enjoyed this movie . i came away from it with a greater liking for frank gehry as a person than i had anticipated . and perhaps i will in the future be more inclined to appreciate his designs . he may not be the greatest of our architects , but he certainly is one of our more likable free spirits
we love these movies ! they entertain the child as well as the adult ! we went through a period where we watched these every night before bed ! much better than the baby einstein collection ! we 've made this our designated baby shower gift ! everyone should have a copy ! they are good for parents as a stress relief . you do n't even need to watch them , just have them playing in the background , the music is absolutely wonderful . i love when i catch my kids humming the music as they are playing . perfect for any age , boy or girl ! thank you hbo
i loved the movie it has a lot of hidden symbols , like almodovar is accustomed to doing . however , the music was the best
warner has been doing a magnificent job of using the latest picture resolution process to restore and/or polish up their best movies ; and again they do not disappoint ! warner home video truly hits a home run and does the incredible with this boxed set of five of the greatest musicals of all time ! the set is well presented with excellent digital transfer , wonderful sound and a bevy of sublime extras . the band wagon ( which itself is a two dvd special edition ) stars fred astaire as an older entertainer trying to be successful again in show business . things do not go well : he does n't like the director ; there are n't fancy dance scenes that he prefers to perform and he has to dance with a ballerina ! the show is unpopular and fred 's character tony hunter saves the day using his superior technique and know-how . the extras are wonderful ! liza minnelli ( whose dad , vincente minnelli , did an excellent job as director of the picture ) and michael feinstein provide an engaging commentary . there are also two documentaries : " get aboard ! the band wagon " about the making of the movie and an older expose entitled " the men who made the movies : vincente minnelli . " you wo n't regret these-they are excellent and very informative ! smile there 's also the outtake musical number of two faced women . very good ! for astaire fans there 's an astaire trailer collection and even a musical short of jack buchanan with the glee quartet . i was particularly pleased with the fine commentary liza minnelli and michael feinstein give here . the other two disc special edition is of the mgm classic easter parade . wow ! this has always been one of my very favorite musicals . the acting and the chemistry between astaire playing the professional dancer and judy garland playing hannah brown his at first unlikely dance partner-and eventually romantic partner-is nothing short of excellent and captivating ! ann miller turns in a great performance as the dancer who leaves fred 's character to try to get even further ahead in her career . the digital quality of the video and the sound are both excellent . there 's a documentary of the making of this movie and a particular favorite of mine is the american masters documentary profile : " judy garland : by myself " put out only with the essential effort of my friend john fricke . ( the american masters documentary won more than just one emmy , making this a particularly valuable extra ! john won one of the emmys for this ; he is the leading garland biographer who wrote several books on judy . ) john worked so hard on this profile ! john 's fine commentary along with ava astaire ( fred astaire 's daughter ) proves to be an excellent resource for reliable information about this film and judy . you also get the outtake musical number " mr . monotony . " there 's a judy garland trailer collection and some promotions for the original film are provided . wow ! a fine two disc set in and of itself . bells are ringing is judy holliday 's last performance ; she plays a worker at a telephone answering service who gets overly involved with her client 's personal lives . jean stapleton , a favorite actress of mine ( from all in the family as edith ) is in this picture as well . this picture was nominated for an oscar for best scoring of a musical picture and the song " just in time " is certainly one good reason why ! outtake musical numbers include " is it a crime ? " and " my guiding star . " the digital transfer is again excellent and the sound quality is excellent . this is definitely a classic musical . brigadoon boasts a wonderful musical score by lerner and lowe . the principle cast is only the best : gene kelly , van johnson and cyd charisse . an adventurous american suddenly uncovers a magical scottish town which is only visible one day a century ! does he stay there and perhaps experience a fine true love ; or should he return to his life as it is ? quite the dilemma ! there are three musical outtakes you want to look at : " come to me bend to me , " " from this day on , " and " sword dance . " an audio outtake and a brand new digital transfer make this a fine addition to the box set as well as your dvd collection . last , but certainly not least , is finian 's rainbow . a wonderful fanciful musical , this film stars fred astaire in his final full length performance as finian mclonergan . somehow finian steals a pot of gold from og the leprechaun . finian and his daughter sharon ( the lovely petula clark ) go to america ( as does og ) and use their powers to overcome a rather prejudiced senator . not only are the musical numbers excellent ; the cinematography is superlative and the ending is a happy one ! there is an excellent commentary by director francis ford coppola and a cute feature on the film 's premiere . all in all , this is clearly one of the best boxed sets of supremely fine great musicals and it is very reasonably priced . for me personally this set was an easy decision-it is already in my personal dvd collection ! i highly recommend this boxed set for fans of the great american musicals as well as all patrons of the arts . this is also a solid introduction to some of the quality musicals produced on film to date . equally important , the hard work and effort everyone put into the seemingly countless extras is superlative .
the great dictator is a film that took such courage from the star and director , charlie chaplin . the movie was filmed and released at the beginnings of world war 2 and at the rise of the nazi party . the similarities between dictator adolf hitler and the comedic genius that is charlie chaplin is quite interesting : both sported the small mustache and were born in the same year , same month , in the same week . chaplin took a serious approach when spoofing hitler for this film ; he viewed many news reels and studied his technique before making it funny on film . the great dictator has the ability to tug at your heart and make you laugh until you cry . the music is gorgeous and the writing is superb . though some scenes do drag a bit , most of it flows smoothly . perhaps the most famous scene in the movie is the final speech given by chaplin . it is just him staring at the camera , and nothing stops him from saying what he feels . movie buffs have to see this film . the great dictator is a beautiful presentation that showcases the cinema genius of charlie chaplin
every film in this collection is a gem . annie hall and manhattan are both top notch , followed by bananas , everything you wanted to know about sex , sleeper...heck , even interiors was such a radical departure its worth seeing at least once or twice . but to me the real diamonds in the rough of this set are stardust memories and love and death . these two films are probably woody 's least talked about , but really , i think they are both fantastic films . love and death is full of the witty one liners and pratfalls that were prevelant in his &quot ; earlier , funnier&quot ; works... but you can see in the dialogue of love and death that woody was maturing . and stardust memories , my favorite woody film . this film says so much for anyone who fancies themselves an &quot ; artist&quot ; who is trying to figure out what they want to say...and how to say it . maybe my one beef is the lack of extras on these dvd 's... but for the money , you ca n't beat the price of this set
these movies are beautiful and intense , one of those you must watch and enjo
if you 're looking for a silly movie with no content , this is not a collection for you . the series is a great insight to a range of human emotions and finding your true self . i recommend it to anybody who loves good movies . just beware . this set has english subtitles , so if you do n't like that you can think twice before commiting to a purchase
i don ` t like it a whole lot,but it ` s pretty good ! i liked the older elmo movies better than this one
the answer is no deal ! in ruthless people danny devito is great as sam and bette midler as barbara is terrific but together they are a miserable couple . sam , who has a girlfriend , carol , wants out of the marriage but , does n't want it to cost him anything . when he learns that barbara has been kidnapped , he thinks he has it made ! by not agreeing to pay the ransom amount , no matter how little that might be , he counts on the kidnappers to save him from paying alimony by bumping barbara off ! the bumbling kidnappers are ken and sandy , adeptly played by judge reinhold and helen slater . they have a grudge against sam who stole their dress design and made a mint . they are astounded when , after giving sam their demands , he emphatically says , 'no deal ' and hangs up on them . in desperation they lower the amount . sam still says , 'no deal ' ! barbara learns sam has refused to pay the ransom not once but twice ! she is furious and ca n't believe that she has been marked down like clothes on a sale rack ! barbara and sandy create a bond when barbara , through a better diet and exercise , has lost weight and needs different size clothes and sandy provides her with clothing she has designed . barbara loves the designs and they decide to form a partnership . their first agenda being sam and the second developing a clothing line . the plot thickens when the police become involved , thanks to carol . as suspicion focuses on sam , he is forced to come up with the ransom to clear himself ! fuming , he gets the money and drops it off counting on the police to arrest the kidnappers and retrieve his money . the drop off does not go well . a car chase ensues ! and then what happens next is . . . hmmm . . . let 's just say sam 's fortune takes a dive
i 'm not one to go in length about films on amazon , but i 'll write a short little bit for this amazing film . i first saw this 10 years ago when i was in my teens and have never forgotten it , it really touched something inside of me , much like a great piece of art would affect you after seeing it up close for the first time .
hal hartley never fails to entertain , never fails to engage my mind and emotions on a parallel level . simple men is no exception . the seemingly simple plot - two brothers in search of their missing dad - provides so much room for character growth that i wish there were an entire series of films centered around them . with a hard-edged view of the world as : " there 's no such thing as adventure . there 's no such thing as romance . there 's only trouble and desire " ( actually from a fritz lang movie of the 1920 's ) there 's plenty going on to both prove and disprove hartley 's ambivalent theories . simple men also formally introduces us to the absolutely delicious elena lwensohn . in one of the coolest and hottest scenes in all of cinema we get to watch her bizarre 50 's beatnik-style dance to sonic youth 's " kool thing . " then joined by the two lost soul brothers it turns into an unlikely production number . many dismiss this film , and hartley as unwatchable or trivial and miss the point . what is amazing about hartley is that he takes the seemingly trivial and elevates it to a level of art that , once seen , reflects our lives on every level from brilliance to the inane . simple men is pure cinematic delight . hooray for hartley
not being familiar with yoga , i chose this dvd because of rodney yee 's reputation and the low cost . what i found was an easy to follow workout that makes you feel relaxed , and yet energized , after the first session . there are no bells or whistles , just a great workout . i 've purchases two other titles in the series , power yoga - strength and power yoga - stamina , and i switch off each workout . some of the moves are more difficult than others , but it gives you something to work up to . if i could n't do a stretch , i would go as far as i could and hold it . it was a great feeling when i was finally able to stand in a pose or do a stretch that initailly i was unable to do . aside from these video 's , the only equipment that you need is a mat which is extremely important to prevent slipping and back pain.. . i do know this for a fact .
if you love adam sandler 's comedy , you 'll adore this outstanding snl compilation of the best of adam sandler . it features all his best skits , and outlines how great and wonderfully talented this actor/comedian is . also featured in this dvd are skits with the great chris farley , mike myers , and other great snl stars . the only disappointment from this dvd is that it contains no special features . best skits :  zagats : this skit features chris farley and adam sandler playing an old couple who have to decide what restaurant they want to go to for their anniversary . this best displays farley 's comical brilliance , but we also get a great delivery from sandler . opera man : always a classic in the field of snl . the denise show : a classic from sandler , as he delivers a skit about an ex-girlfriend he ca n't forget about . schmidt 's gay : a hilarious commercial of a homo-erotic beer featuring sandler and farley . overall , this is a must-buy for any adam sandler fan as it features some of the best snl skits of all time
when daryl deever ( william hurt ) tells tv reporter tony sokolow ( sigourney weaver ) he knows more than he actually does about a murder in the building where he works as a janitor , he gets more than he bargained for . deever is a good guy , smart enough but ambitious only on his own terms . he 's sort of engaged to his best friend 's sister , but he 's had a crush on sokolow for two years . when the man in the building gets his throat slit , sokolow is one of the reporters on the scene . deever sees a perfect chance to get to meet her , so he tells her he may know something . she goes after the story and he goes after her . sokolow is not quite engaged to a dedicated , capable man known as joseph ( christopher plummer ) , who is good friends with sokolow 's parents . it becomes clear that her wealthy parents , their rich friends and joseph are engaged in the shadowy business of buying illegal ways for jews to escape from the soviet union and to journey to israel . and it appears that the man killed may have had an involvement , too . before long , the man 's associates learn of deever 's gambit with sokolow and go after them to find out who was behind the killing . more lethally , the real murderer learns of what deever said to sokolow and believes deever might actually know something . he goes after deever . this is a tight , well constructed murder mystery with two first-rate components . first is the romance which builds between the characters played by hurt and weaver . these two people are attractive and smart . hurt , in particular , comes across as guileless but he 's no one 's patsy . the two are very likable . second , the situation which develops poses some ethical questions . grades of gray come into play ; it would n't be accurate to say that the murderer is simply another bad guy . the movie also features some first-rate actors besides hurt and weaver . there 's christopher plummer who , as usual , brings so much assurance and nuance to his role ; james woods as the best friend , always a little off balance ; pamela reed as woods ' sister ; her mutual declaration of non-love with hurt is very funny and appealing ; steven hill and morgan freeman as the two cops assigned to the case ; kenneth mcmillan as hurt 's father , angry and vulnerable ; and irene worth and albert paulsen as weaver 's parents , people who love her but , especially the mother , always put responsibilities and obligations into the love . they all are very good . i like this movie a lot . the dvd picture looks fine . there are no extras to speak of
most people have a hard time adjusting to foreign films because reading subtitles and trying to watch the film is difficult . that 's why i love melville 's le samourai , not much speaking throughout the film equals minimal subtitles . this film does n't require many lines of speech . the main character is an assassin who is hired to do a job and is rounded up by the police as a possible suspect . while trying not to get arrested he is trying to find out who double crossed him . my first melville film and i loved it . if you like this one you should also see le cercle rouge and especially bob le flambeur
there is n't one wasted second in this film . not one ! ! ! you 'll be sucked in , and surprised , within the first two minutes , and there 's very little dialogue so you need not worry about too much subtitle reading . you can tell there 's a lot of influence from american film noir in this film , but " le samourai " takes it to a level of perfection . i wish some of the folks that throw their good money towards bad modern action flicks would take the time to watch " le samourai " they just might discover a thing or two about how it could really be done . brilliant
spoilers  when star trek 's production crew started falling behind in both schedule and budgets during the first season , they came up with the brilliant idea of using the unsold the cage pilot as the basis for a two part episode . the result : one of the most important and brilliant treks ever done ! everyone knows the basic plot by now : spock kidnaps his crippled former captain , and hijacks the enterprise , and sets course for the one forbidden planet in all the federation . he eventually is court-martialed en route , and presents as his evidence an unusally detailed account of the enterprise 's visit to talos iv 13 years prior . this is the episode which cements spock 's character forever : the supposedly emotionless vulcan , who demonstrates more passion and loyalty than most humans . leonard nimoy 's performance is one of his best as spock : initially seeming as though spock had gone crazy almost , kidnapping pike , using false computer tapes and voices to convince people that the ship is under 'secret orders ' , all sorts of indications something must be wrong with spock...until after the talosian 's plan is revealed,where it is found they have been manipulating events all along , and spock returns to his stoic self.....except..when leaving the briefing room with pike for the last time , his head bowed , shoulders slumped . shatner 's understated performance in this has been sloughed off in some circles . i say : 'unfair'...frankly , it is perfect for the events - all during these events , kirk acts rather stunned at all these events : his friend and 1st officer has seemingly gone crazy and hijacked his ship , he almost dies going after him in a shutle , then he is releived of command for all of this ! by the time the talosians supposedly abandon spock and forces the trial board to take a vote , even kirk is convinced spock should be put away.but..at the end..is able to smile when the talosian shows him the 'rejuvenated ' pike happy again at last . all of these performances are directed with care by marc daniels , the veteran tv director who was at the helm of the 'envelope' . they make an deliberate point of cutting to the more mature , unemotional spock during the famous 'laughing ' scene,and you can almost see a flicker of 'was i that emotional ? ' cross his face ! the makeup used on sean kenney , the 'substitute ' captain pike ( jeffery hunter was unavailable ) ,might be some of the best ever done for any trek : it holds up totally through repeated cuts back and forth from the pilot footage : you are totally convinced this is an older , horribly maimed jeffrey hunter ! some small parts of the cage are cut : some shots of pike 's fellow 'zoo-mates ' , some very sexist lines about 'women on the bridge ' , and the obligatory 'aliens running through the computer ' scene . none of these are very important to the plot of either the pilot or the envelope . and just to add some trivia :  part ii of the menagerie was the highest rated episode of star trek ever in prime time ! actor malachi throne had been the original voice of the talosian keeper in the pilot . since he was cast as commodore mendez , voice artist vic perrin was dubbed in as the keeper . as per the director 's guild , marc daniels was credited as director for part i , while the director of the cage , robert ( mr pilot ) butler , was given the screen credit for part ii . the menagerie is amazing experience from start to finish !
this is a terrific movie regarding military life in the '60s . jessica lange truly deserved her oscar and tommy lee is excellent and of course powers booth shows his narily side which he protrays so well in so many movies . i ca n't even tell you how many times i have seen this movie and i will watch it again and again .
wonderful season ! funny episodes....ca n't laugh enough on this season.....i 'm waiting for the next one !
i do n't know what it is about him and this dvd , but my daughter ( 16 months ) is in love . all you have to do is say his name and she runs to the tv pointing and stomping in excitement . it 's just too funny . she does n't get that way for anyone else .
all monty python movies are a must-see . i think my generation has seen them all . i hope the younger generation ( less than 40 ) watch at least one . the humor is at many levels , so the movie should be watched multiple times to soak it all in . this just means the movie gets funnier with each viewing . like all good humor , it includes truthful commentaries about society and human behavior in general , as well as , politics and religion ( without getting nasty )
everybody knows the plot of this movie . so , i ca n't add anything in that respect . however , i can tell you that the quality of the dvd is very good . clear picture and sound - great buy
a very good film staring cary grant and grace kelly . cary plays the part of a retired jewel thief . someone begins to steal jewels and the local police think its cary . grace plays the part of the daughter of a rich amrican widow . the film then covers how cary grants finds the people who have copied his mo.a fun romp through the french country side . well acted and directed . a must see if you are a cary grant or grace kelly fan . jame
in the movie some like it hot its a great movie and its genre is comic and lovely.it takes place in chicago and in forida.this movie is about two musicians that accidentallywitness a gangland shooting and then they the other people wanted to killed them . morover they two musicians joe ( tony curtis ) and jerry ( jack lemmon ) decide to go to florida to participate to a girl jazz band . the problem is that they can not go as boys so they decide to dress themselves as girls and to present themselves as josephine and daphne . in they way to forida they meet a lverlorn singer that is marilyn monroe.their plan is perfect until josephine falls in love with marilyn monroe . then at the same time a old man falls in love with daphne and wants to engage her . one conflict that the movie has is when the old man tries to engage daphne but she told hin that they ca n't marrie and she gievs a lot of excuses to him and he says that it does n't matter that he would forgive her . in addition at the end she says to him that she is a man and he asnwers him that is ok that nobody is perfect . i think that was a good conflict because eventhough she try to get away with it he accepts her without having a problem.the usual is that he would n't accept her bor being a man , but that didnt matter to him . the character in this movie are really good actors all of them had a great actuation.the only thing that was different is that the gangster got killed and i think they didnt have a good acting . all the sets wre good except for the one that i just talk about . the lightning in the movie was very creative it was very good , the costumes wre really nice and everyone dressed great in the movie . the music the movie has was ok too because it goes with the type of the movie . i had never seem a movie like this and i think it may relationate with the real life where people does this kind of things . i recomend this film to all the people that want to have some fun and entertain themselves with something good like this movie .
what a truly stunning film , this type of film has been long overdue in the movie industry , more of these should see the light
this film was absolutely beautiful because of the location in which it was shot and the main characters . however , its true appeal comes from the manner in which it portrays the desperation that comes from living a life which is less than truthful , the struggles involved in being true to oneself despite the consequences , and the difficulties that sometime occur when trying to figure out what is really important to your soul . although i have recommended this film to several people , i caution them that it can be pretty disturbing . i thought about it for weeks after i saw it the first time , and it took me a while to get up the nerve to watch it again . definitely not a " light hearted " evening of entertainment
i own many of the 50 packs of movies and i must say i like this set very much.most of these movies are from the 30 's and 40 's , the hayday of movie mysterys . the transfers are ok ,but not great and some of the movie have sterotype 's of all kinds . just keep in mind when they were made,and if they bother you do n't watch . a nice set and a great way to build your movie collectio
introduction  3 games to glory iii is a two-disc video compilation of the 2004 new england patriots playoffs , including their super bowl victory over the philadelphia eagles 24-21 in super bowl xxxix . this super bowl victory was the patriots third in four years , marking them as the team of ` 00s . for new england patriots fans it 's a chance to relive the glory of back-to-back super bowl victories and three championships in four years . non-new england patriots fans probably would not particularly enjoy this in-depth video . main features  3 games to glory iii provides extensive highlights of both new england patriots ' playoff wins and super bowl victory after the 2004 season . these playoffs found new england once again schooling the indianapolis colts in yet another year where peyton manning and the vaunted colts offensive choke under playoff pressure . the high flying colts offense was throttled by the superior schemes and tough play of the patriots in a 20-3 afc divisional playoff win at gillette stadium in foxborough , massachusetts . this is followed by new england 's dramatic defeat of the pittsburgh steelers , 41-27 , in the afc championship game at heinz field in pittsburgh . the patriots entered this game as decided underdogs to the 15-1 steelers after being throttled by pittsburgh earlier in the season . finally , you get to enjoy the extensive highlights of new england 's impressive 24-21 win over the nfc champion philadelphia eagles . this is yet another game where new england 's superior execution and stamina in the later stages of the game brought them ultimate glory . the super bowl was played in jacksonville , florida on february 6 , 2005 . the highlights of each game are very extensive and seem to cover nearly every play . they are also mostly well done , but frankly the highlights often fail to capture the real drama of the game . of course no highlight reel can match the excitement and drama of a live contest , but there are times when key turning points of the game really just become another quick hit in the video . there are a few disappointments in this video though and it 's not quite as well done as the preceding 3 games to glory ii ( covering the patriots playoff run and super bowl victory after the 2003 season ) . first , there is not as much pre-game drama and preparation presented in these videos compared to last year . secondly , there are not as many close up , on the field shots that bring the game right into your living room . it 's much more distant and not as close up as previous editions in this series . despite these drawbacks , it 's still great to relive a great season through these videos . bonus features  the bonus features on this edition of 3 games to glory are not nearly as good as the ones on 3 games to glory ii . the bonus features are nice they just did n't live up the standard in the previous edition . following is a brief rundown of what you 'll get on the dvd . there are some " bill belichick " breakdowns of key plays for each game but there are very few of them and really leaves the viewer wanting more . there 's also a " points after : sounds of the game " which shows post-super bowl press conference features , but again , it 's really short and leaves you wanting more . the " patriot 's all access " which appears along with each of the playoff and super bowl wins shows locker room scenes and practices , team meetings , and other shots of players as they prepare for games . these are pretty well done short features that add a great deal to the video . the " all access " section for the super bowl of course included pre-game plane trip , post game party and the parade . i find these a bit boring frankly , but i guess it 's nice to see the players up close on their daily routines . the super bowl highlights are shown twice , once with the regular commentary and once with commentary from rosevelt colvin ( lb ) , ted johnson ( lb ) , and matt light ( t ) . matt light is a funny guy and this was more entertaining than the one last year . i thought the best bonus feature was one on disc two called " views from the past " with interviews with three great players from previous decades - gino cappelletti of the 1960 's , michael haynes of the 1970 's , and andre tippett of the 1980 's and 1990 's . this conversation was mostly about comparing this current patriots ' team with teams of the past and how the game has changed over the decades . finally , the video has the 2005 playoff roster , super bowl stats , and 2005 game by game results - just like you can get in any book , it just shows it printed on the screen . overall , while all these bonus features are nice , 3 games to glory iii is not nearly as good as 3 games to glory ii . it did not include an extensive behind the scenes segment on the super bowl , which i found fascinating on the previous edition , nor did it have highlights for each game of the regular season like the previous edition . i found the lack of these too items very disappointing as i thought they were outstanding editions to last year 's disc . nevertheless , the bonus features overall are nice , just nice as nice as last time . bottom line  all new england fans should enjoy reliving a third super bowl win through this highlights package . it 's mostly well done and certainly brings back great memories of a great season . those who are not patriots fans i am sure would find the video quite boring . disclaimer : i am a die hard new england patriots fan and am totally biased in this review
..well..at least its in my top 5 = o ) ..i 'm not the biggest chaplin fan.more of a keaton and lloyd..kinda guy..but dang if this movie dose n't do me in everytime..i never fail to fall into hysterics over the " feeding chair " scene..or the gibberish song..and several other scenes.and i always get teary eyed over the plight of charlie and his little love gamin..this movie just packs so much into its 89 or so minutes and it all flows beautifully from one frame to the next ! ...do n't be botherd by the hype about this being a social commentary..or a commie film or whatever ! ..its still the same little tramp who goes against any kind of social order ! ! ....now i have this wonderful new 2 disc mk2 version from the chaplin collection box to pull out every christmas holiday season..along with city lights..as i 'm want to do..and check out the little cuban documentary on the second disc about the traveling projectionists who take the movie to a remote farming village to show to the people for the first time..the tears in these peoples eyes as they watch..tell you everything about this wonderful one of a kind film
it have a plenty range of glould 's legacy . personally i hate the contemporary music , honestly i bought it because it have one interpretation of the magestic partita no.6 in e minor . it have a rear romatic influence , and definitly it do n't have the same perfection with the greatest baroque influence that glenn leave us in the one recorded in 1957 . nonetheless you will see the great personality of glenn and its lively interpretation
if you can get through david 's boot camp video with moderate effort , this video may be a bit too easy for you . that said , this is an excellent workout for a beginning or intermmediate exerciser . david does a great job of breaking the exercises down and offering comments to help you maintain good form . he is very encouraging throughout . the workout progresses from easy to more difficult and can be made tougher by increasing the amount of weight used ( two dumbbells needed ) . there are a few innovative moves thrown in as well . since the difficulty level of any workout video is relative , i 'll give a quick background of myself - i run 4-5 times a week , for a total of 40 + miles/week . i also lift weights 2-3 times a week , incorporating plyometrics and compound movements . i 've personally found david 's boot camp video to be just the right amount of intensity when using 5-lb dumbbells and think this one-on-one video is great for days i have less energy . regardless of fitness level , you are sure to enjoy this workout . if you need to make it more intense , use heavier weights . the biggest thing to remember about david 's style ( in my opinion ) is to really * focus * on every repetition , * focus * on the muscle being worked , and * focus * on isometrics ( contracting the muscle without movement - eg . pushing against a brick wall is isometric ) . hope this helps
i was reading some reviews of " the quiet man " earlier this year . and a thread running through most of them was that it is a movie that defies time , entertaining for the generation that it was made for and subsequent children , grandchildren and i imagine great grandchildren . in that league of the timeless you have to put ben-hur , a story of love , redemtion , compassion , revenge , retribution , foregiveness and tranquility , in an epic truly larger than life . if we are to believe that the best movies were those made long ago , then certainly william wyler 's third oscar winner provides substantial evidence to support that view . for me , seeing it again and again , i am always startled by mr. heston 's skills as an actor , often missed in the size he brought to a film and his overall presence . here the antagonist is stephen boyd , judah ben-hur 's best friend from childhood , now addicted to the narcotic of power . the two will clash ; this is the time of christ 's ministry . christ is seen as a rabble rouser and rome , an international giant the world had never seen , seeks to thwart that message by girding up jerusalem . so they send the now goal oriented and vicious messala to the home of ben-hur . heston is also supported ably by jack hawkins , a brilliant actor in his prime , as the roman counsel quintus arrius . judah ben-hur , sentenced to virtual death on the roman galleys , survives a battle with the macedonians to only save quintus arius . i say this as a prelude to my second favorite scene , the arrival of quintus arrius in rome , a hero , with his trusted slave now friend soon to be freeman , judah ben-hur . william wyler spared no money nor extras in so many scenes but as jack hawkins climbs the staircase to bow before ceasar there must be 100 steps ! and the camera back away to see hawkins in his magenta robe , draped over the pure white stairs , climbing the steps before a crowd of thousands and you get a feel for the enormity of the empire . in " spartacus , " also a fine movie a few years later , the script tells you about the size of the roman empire . here in this one scene , wyler expresses it without reliance on the spoken word . at the same time , judah ben-hur , remaining in the chariot at the foot of the stairs , looks around and in that one expression on heston 's face of awe and the size and the power of 1st century rome , he amplifies the scene of hawkins climbing the staircase . a great , great move . well worth your time if you have never seen it . well worth your time again if you have . 5 stars . larry scantlebur
this is an outstanding dvd . i highly recommend it . if you have seen riverdance live you can relive the great moments . if you have n't seen riverdance live you are in for a real treat with this dvd from the comfort of your own home
you should see this because it has an eary appearance by america ( yes , peo-ple , that is her real name ) ferarra ! ! ! who , you ask ? ? oh ( casually ) only the star of ugly betty . ( looks up , says ala pulp fiction ) " oh , do i have your attention now ? ? ? ? also in this movie is roary from gg ( gilmore girls for the ignorant ) . the only thing i didnt like was the blonde who had sex with the older man , not only was it innapropriate , but also illegal ! ! ! ! wso , parents be aware of this if you 're daughter 's want to watch this movie . it has sexual content ! ! ! ! especially if they are under age ! now , peo-ple , i am a male and also over 18 so i can watch what i want , but i 'm just saying that for young girls they should n't watch this one ! ! ! but we all can watch ugly betty ! ! ! !
i thought this was an excellent coming-of-age movie . very poignant in parts . love the soundtrack as well ! these days is an especially beautiful song
for all true dream theater fans , this is a must have dvd ! the only drawback to " score " that i found was that they did n't play " never enough " , but that should n't prevent you from purchasing " score " . i have watched the dvd over 10 times already and it has n't gotten old for me. .
for those who were fans of the show when it was originally aired , all i can say is that you wo n't be disappointed . this series is one of my all time favorite tv shows . when i discovered it was on dvd i snapped it up right away . the picture quality and sound is much better than the on air cable signal version i originally saw . this is the first tv series i have ordered on dvd and i was afraid the picture quality would be vhs . boy was i wrong , this series looks as good as any hollywood movie dvd i have ever purchased . if you have never seen this series but liked the space marines in the second aliens movie then you will probably really like this series
my kids just love this movie ; barbie in the 12 dancing princesses . it is a very clean movie . it is not scary except for the mean duchess ; but she really is n't scary , just mean . it teaches about honesty and family , and how they care about each other ; which is really good for children to see . plus it was entertaining and a whole lot of fun to watch
before we first rented one of the barbie videos for my daughter , i was expecting them to be trite , over-commercialised , and over-sugary . however , i have been pleasantly surprised . yes , they do have a lot of commercial spin-offs and a high saccarine count , but the quality of the barbie films we have subsequently bought or rented , including " 12 dancing princesses , " was significantly higher than i had expected . they have not just kept my children engrossed for hours - including my son as well as my daughter - but introduced them to some beautiful stories and truly wonderful music . on more than one occasion i have been listening to a cd of a classic such as beethoven 's pastoral symphony , or the queen of the night 's aria from mozart 's magic flute , and my daughter has recognised and expressed appreciation of the music , and correctly remembered which barbie film had used it . ( " magic of pegasus " and " mermaidia " respectively . )  the soundtrack to " twelve dancing princesses " is mostly adapted from some of mendelsohn 's best work , including " a midsummer night 's dream " and the scottish and italian symphonies . it also includes a lullaby sung to the king by the 12 princesses which was based on a 16th century anthem by byrd , the recording of which was sung beautifully by melissa lyons and the women 's occidental glee club . the story is loosely based on the children 's story . " barbie " plays " princess genevieve " , the seventh of 12 daughters of a widowed king ( e.g . seven young women , plus a pair of twins who appear to be about 11 and a set of triplets who appear to be about 6 . ) like the original , the story is about 12 princesses who having been banned from dancing , sneak off every night through a magic passage and take a magic barge to a special island where they can dance all night . however , in this version the killjoy who tries to stop them dancing is not the king their father , who loves them very much , but his cousin , duchess rowena , who he has brought to the palace to be their tutor . at first even the princesses do not realise quite what a bad mistake this was .. .  as with many of the barbie films , comic relief is provided by talking animal companions of some of the principal characaters . in this case princess genevieve has a pet cat , and the evil duchess rowena has an equally evil pet monkey , brutus . the hero , who in this version is the royal cobbler , derek , has a pet parrot , who for some reason talks with a greatly exaggerated indian accent . ( that 's indian from the subcontinent , not native american . )  those people who enjoy criticising what the barbie franchise represents will not have much difficulty finding things in this production to sneer at . if you , or more importantly your kids , are allergic to an excess of twee sweetness , then this film and the barbie videos generally may not be for them . and the female characters are all on the thin side of plausibility : i 'm not worried that watching this is going to give my daughter anorexia as she likes food too much and has a good sense of the difference between fantasy and reality , but if you are worried that your children may be forming an unrealistic idea about how thin a healthy body shape is , that is a concern with this film . but on the plus side : it is beautifully made , it will hold the attention of most small children for long enough for the typical exhausted parent to clear the mess they have made in several rooms of the house or collapse for an hour 's rest after doing so . alternatively there are enough more sophisticated jokes thrown in that you wo n't be completely bored to death if you decide to watch it with your offspring . and best of all , the soundtrack is almost worth buying the film for on it 's own
one of m-g-ms brightest , cheeriest musical . astair and garland are most engaging screen couple . the uplifting irving berlin score is first-rate and used to perfection .strolling along 5th avenue in turn of the century or going on the bum as " a couple of swells " , judy garland ( 1922-1969 ) and fred astaire ( 1899-1987 ) lead a parade of music 17 ( irving berlin 1888-1988 ) tunes and an academy award-winning adaption score arranged by johnny green ( 1908-1989 ) and roger edens ( 1905-1970 ) and got ta dance-fun ( including drum drum crazy ) in this neverending delifgt co-starring ann miller ( 1923-2004 ) performing a knock out : shaking the blues away and peter lawford ( 1923-1984 ) gamely crooning : the fella with the umbrella with garland . dont let this colorful easter parade pass you ! . all new digital transfer from restored picturre and audio elements . super tehnicolor and super sound . highly recommended
a french coming-of-age art film that i rented while on vacation . despite rave reviews all over the packaging , this story of two moody teenage girls growing apart as sexuality enters their lives seemed pretty slow and predictable , even a bit tedious . jet lag set in and we gave up two-thirds of the way through the film , and took it back the next day . in all fairness , this is probably a fine film if you 're in the mood for serious art , but i found it a bit dreary
this is a really scary movie . i 've always put ju-on on the top mantle as being the scariest horror movie ever , but this movie surpasses that movie . i did n't expect much , seeing the title of the movie which does n't sound scary at all , but was i wrong , dead wrong . if you are a horror fan , you got to see this movie . the terror one feels stays with you even after the movie ends . cold chills ran through my bones and the hair never stopped standing at the back of my neck . asian horror movies do n't rely on gore , but suspense and an ever so thickening creepiness that never stops . contemporary american horror movies do n't scare me much anymore and it often relies on the same old tricks . asian horror movies like this one , which is korean , is not an original idea , but the craft of scaring the living daylights out of you is getting stronger and better . other asian titles i recommend are ju-on , dark water , and the red shoes
a fun musical comedy , the trouble with girls is n't the usual elvis presley film but it 's completely charming with it 's faithful period recreation and fine supporting cast . presley plays walter hale , manager of the traveling " chautauqua " tent-show , circa . 1927 , who gets mixed up in the lives of the residents of the latest town to host the show . hale finds himself falling in love with charlene ( marlyn mason ) , organiser of the children 's activities ; whilst trying to help local single mother nita bix ( sheree north ) when she murders her nasty married boyfriend ( dabney coleman ) . presley 's numbers include " swing down sweet chariot " and " clean up your own backyard " . it 's certainly a lot better than some of the other elvis films from the same period ; and seeing elvis in a more traditional musical is a great treat . marlyn mason , probably one of presley 's most formidable leading-ladies , is stunning ( and her rendition of " sign of the zodiac " is a knockout ) . nicole jaffe ( as the amorous hotel clerk ) , vincent price ( eccentric speaker " mr morality " ) , john carradine ( as a colourful shakespearian actor ) , joyce van patten ( disgruntled former channel swimmer maude ) and edward andrews ( as hale 's beleaguered assistant ) are also fine . fans of classic tv shows should keep an eye out for anissa jones ( " family affair " ) and susan olsen ( " the brady bunch " )
i really enjoyed this movie . death warrant was filled with supense and action . jean-claude van damme portrays officer louis burke who goes undercover to investigate murder and corruption in the prison system . eventually officer burke meets up with a convicted murderer that he had arrested and put behind bars . i did not lose interest with the nonstop suspense and action . sincerely ,  renee ra
" fargo " is a very good film . the cohen brothers put another feather in their cap with this suspenseful film . the film stars jerry lundegaard ( william h. macy ) as a car salesman in dire need of money . when he hires a couple of losers to kidnap his wife for ransom , things go from bad to worse . i could n't help feeling sorry for the wife as she tries to escape from the clutches of her kidnappers . the father of the kidnapped wife does not want to play along with the ransom , and decides to act on his own . jerry now finds himself in an even deeper mess . moreover , he has a saavy police chief ( mcdormand ) on the case . the film is a definite black-comedy , as many of the cohen brother 's films are . this one is a bit more disturbing than usual however . hot on the case is a policewoman , marge gunderson ( frances mcdormand ) . she is witty and intelligent and knows something is not right . steve buscemi stars as one of the kidnappers , and his partner has a few loose marbles . the film is a delightful [ at times funny ] film that is highly recommended . moreover , there are many colorful and funny character actors in the film , which only enhance the films appeal . there are also some disturbing scenes , however , the film is well worth the watch and purchase . highly recommended . [ stars : 4.5
i thought the film was great , it has a interesting storyline . it also has a interesting backstory on which the film was based on . i do n't understand why people will rate this movie so low . is it cuz it does n't have a pre-hollywood established actress/actor in it ? that it is n't some mainstream unoriginal film , which even the most moronic of morons can grasp ? listen do n't rate this movie low if it does n't seem good to you , because it requires thinking unlike the mainstream cookie-cutter films in the theaters . you stay to your pablum un-original mainstream films , and leave those people who work hard on indie films alone . for the people who complained the girls were dressed too little , i 've seen many more hollywood films where women wear nothing but string bikinis basically . these girls were dressed for a majority of the film . for the person who said ashley was " plump " , you must really like your women to be anorexic
i did this workout for the very first time today and i do n't think i 've felt ever felt this good about myself . this dvd works . it 's not high impact aerobics , but i do n't think i 've ever sweat that much in one workout before . and i totally disagree with whoever said the breaks every twenty minutes makes you sleepy . i 'm not in very good shape , so i need those breaks to be able to do the entire workout ( i did n't think i 'd like this dvd because it is one of the longer ones ana and ravi put out ) . i am really , really looking forward to getting the other two fat free dvds to add to my collection
i think this is a great film . many critics and a few reviewers always complain about it 's running time ( 128 minutes ) , insisting it 's too slow . almost all of clint 's films ( the ones he 's directed ) run long . the running times range from just over 2 hours to just under 3 hours ( the longest being bird , at 2 hours , 40 minutes ) . sure , the film is n't pc , but it was made in 1975 , when you did n't have to be pc . but there is one thing that almost everyone agrees on...the mountain climbing scenes at the end of the film . these are nervewracking and incredibly authentic . clint did all his own stunts in these sequences , and many professional rock climbers and mountaineers have praised these sequences . and they are very intense to watch , because you know the actors are really up there . no cgi in those days . this is one of the reasons they work so well . cgi looks fake anyway . it makes movies seem like cartoons . people know it is n't real . cgi reliance should be reduced in hollywood , as it takes the tension out of action scenes . check this film out . it 's worth all of its 128 minutes .
recently realizing that jackie chan and jet li are about done with movie making for the most part , i always wondered if there was anyone who could take over . chan and li are one of a kind and the best out there . fortunately , tony jaa has entered the scene with skills and originality of his own . the first thing i like about tony jaa is he is an expert in muay thai fighting , something new and original for the good guy in a movie . the next thing i like is that he fights like jet li and does stunts like jackie chan , though once again he adds his own originality quite often . ong bak is pure action excitement - do n't expect a deep story and do expect horrible english dubbing that is just down right annoying ( you can still switch to subtitles with thai spoken if desired ) . if these 2 things do n't matter to you , this movie just plains rocks . its a bit slow here and there , but overall it is filled with all the action you could want - illegal club fights , an incredible club brawl fight , tons of stunts and chases , a car chase scene that is actually done with carts instead of cars , a ring fight , and a good ol finale showdown that combines great fighitng with stunts , lasting for a good 10 minutes . i also liked the background music for the movie - lots of smooth laid-back hip hop beats . i 'm pleased to say that with newcomer tony jaa to the world of martial arts films , the loss of chan and li someday soon wo n't be as bad . ong bak is brilliant action and originality . the only thing that could make it 5 stars is if it had a better story and decent dubbing , which chan and li movies do much better
a friend of mine told me about this movie and i went to the local video store and rented it . crazy ! ! ! i thought that the cgi and wire work was so smooth that it almost looked real . however , after watching the special features of him doing the stunts from the movie live ! ! jackie who ? ? ? bruce what ? ? jet whatchamacallit ? ? ? ? he is the martial arts star for the new generation . for those that see the decline of martial arts movies , this kid gives us hope
a hilarious movie , made moreso by the fact that the acting and plot are universally better than what you 'd find in the object of it 's spoofing , " top gun . " the film is loaded with abrahams 's usual sight-gags , puns , slapstick , and quick wordplay . there 's always something going on in the background , making for fun repeat viewings . the overall cheesiness of the special effects really adds to the overall experience . besides that , it 's educational , too ! you 'll never again wonder what a chafing dish is
the product is a1 but why arewe penalised for late delivery in the form of warfage ! ! ! ! ! shurly this is wrong ? ?
this dvd was better than i could have asked for . it uses footage from the tv show this week in baseball [ twib ] , and real baseball games over the past few years to cover the silly side of america 's pastime . it goes behind the scenes with a bunch of players including tim hudson , ryan dempster , select phillies players , & many others , as well as looking at past characters who stand out in the game such as tommy lasorda and yogi berra . if you love twib 's " how 'bout that " section of the show , you will adore this dvd . as far as i can tell , every major league team is shown , though some have the spotlight on them more than others . this is a must have for any baseball fan . it 's by far one of the best mlb dvds released in a long time .
this is a sad little gem of a movie . i really liked that the plot explored more themes than just romantic love . the story had as much to do with issues of identity , community , and fidelity . in my opinion , there were a few technical and narrative flaws that kept the film from attaining the level of greatness that it should have achieved , especially when considering the quality of the performances . the slight quiver in weisz 's voice was right on target as was perez 's accent . the rest of the illustrious cast was more than capable . considering the type of story and the setting , i ca n't help but think that a three-part mini-series would have been a more appropriate treatment than a feature film . i emerged from watching the movie with a feeling that there was a lot more to explore beneath the surface of each character
i have watched the first disk of the tick , and i laughed my ass off ! ! i am working on getting a copy of it in order to send it to comedy central , and requst that they air the first season on their channel . i think that fox screwed up by cancelling this show , and that comedy central should pick it up . it is by far the best show i have seen in awhile , and deserves to be resurrected ! ! thank you
i 'm the kind of guy who takes out large clumps of grass with every swing no matter what club i use . it 's so bad that my " so called " friends would n't even go to the range with me anymore because i embarrassed them too much . i was the butt of all the jokes at the office too . i already had a closet full of vhs tapes and a few dvds , i 've spend hundreds on my local " golf pro " and i 've been reading magazines for years , but i just never could figure out the what , where and whys of my game . a friend recommended this set so i got one and it 's been great . i could easily understand and follow alone with the tips so well that i must have watched all the tips in one weekend . and after only a few rounds i could finally start to understand what 's going on with each drive , approach and putt i hit and that 's helped me improve enough that my friends are playing with me again . in my opinion anyone would find these dvds helpful . even my local " golf pro " would benefit from this collection . however , i 'm not sure i 'll give away my new edge to all my " friends " . at least until i can cut a few more strokes and they have to play catch up .
martin short joins the cast in this volume , securing this show 's enduring genius and originality . the cast , brilliant as always , never fail to deliver . i grew up watching this show--- and what a thrill to have it on dvd . i feel like they have finally come home ! ! ! woo hoo ! !
* tales from the crypt theme music plays , as the camera shoots through a spooky haunted mansion . the camera reaches the basement , out pops the crypt keeper with his menacing cackle * " tales from the crypt " . this show is one of my all-time favorites . i used to sit in front of the television with my father every saturday night when this show came on . the stories in this show were so amazing and so well done , that i could n't help myself when i became hooked on the show , and i was only four-years-old when this show debuted with its first season back in 1989 . tales from the crypt takes you on a journey through six horrifying episodes , each one scaring you in one way or another . this here first season only includes six episodes , but all six are very terrifying , and many ways , rather comical as well . # 1 : the man who was death ( aired june 10 , 1989 ) this spook-tacular episode shows a man named niles ( played by william saddler , who would then go on to take the male lead role in the first-ever tales from the crypt motion picture entitled , tales from the crypt presents demon knight ) , who has spent the last twelve years of his life shooting electricity into prisoners , sending out their life sentences . but now , a law has been passed to ban the life sentence , for even executing murderers and law breakers is " still murder within the eyes of god " . niles then appears in a few court cases where the defendants happen to be let off the hook , despite the fact they are indeed guilty . this leaves niles to privately execute the defendants , where it leads niles into his own arrest , where is then in for a " shocking " surprise . # 2 : and all through the house ( aired june 10 , 1989 ) in this chilling holiday-filled episode , a woman murders her husband in cold blood on christmas eve . as she tries to bury the body outside in the freezing cold snow , she neglects to hear on the news that an escaped mental patient as broken out of the sanitarium , and has already killed four women in the county . the news has even stated that the patient has been seen wearing a santa claus suit , a suit he had stolen from one his victims . the mental patient stumbles upon this woman , practically killing her , but she seems to have killed him by stabbing him in the stomach . as she gets a hold of the police on the phone , she is told by the police to look around for a weapon to use , since she has informed the police that the patient has gotten up and entered her house , after she stabbed him the stomach . she goes into the closet to get her gun , but the door locks . as she pounds on the door , trying to get out , the patient climbs up to the woman 's daughter 's bedroom , with the daughter thinking that 's it the real santa . she busts through the closet and finds her daughter safe and sound , holding " santa " by the hand , with her mother screaming at the top of her lungs . # 3 : dig that cat...he 's real gone ( aired june 10 , 1989 ) in this brilliant episode , ulric ( played by joe pantoliano ) comes across a seemingly mad scientist , who gives ulric an offer he ca n't refuse : have the gland of a cat inserted into his brain to give him the ability to resurrected after he is killed . the surgery goes successful , where ulric becomes a classic act at the county fairs . he has been drowned , shot in the heart with an arrow , electrocuted , and many more . but he just kept coming back from beyond the grave . here is now about to pull his next death stunt : being buried alive for twelve hours , and then resurrected . but...wait a minute . ulric has already died and been resurrected...nine times . # 4 : only sin deep ( aired june 14 , 1989 ) in this sexy and beauty-filled episode , sylvia ( played by lea thompson ) is a 21-year-old hooker , looking to quit the business and clean up her act . she does so with the money she has robbed from her pimp...after killing him . she goes into a pawn shop to have her pimp 's jewelery , but the pawner reveals that the jewelery is n't worth crap , for the jewelery is " hot " . but he 's willing to pay sylvia $ 10,000 for her " beauty " . he informs her that if she wants her beauty back , she has to get it back within a four-month period . okay , whatever , you old whack-job . sylvia goes through with the pawning of her beauty and goes out on her way with her 10 gs . she meets a playboy and begins dating him . four months go by and sylvia begins seeing some odd changes in her complextion . she goes to a dermotologist , but he can not seem to figure out what is wrong , where it is then and there that sylvia figures out that the pawner was not kidding . she demands her beauty back , but the pawner will only sell it back to her for... $ 100,000 . she kills her playboy boyfriend , and scrapes up every piece of jewelery he ever bought her . she gets her beauty back , which was formed in a plaster-of-paris head of her own self , but it ends up being smashed to pieces when one of sylvia 's hooker friends bumps right into her , not recognizing sylvia , for she has become so hideous , like an old , disgusting haggard witch . # 5 : lover , come hack to me ( aired june 21 , 1989 ) in this ciller , charles has found peggy , the perfect girl . peggy has found charles , the perfect man . the two have married , against the wishes of peggy 's aunt . on their way to their honeymoon , they are stranded into an old house , where they have to succomb into spending their wedding night in this disgusting old house . peggy wants her wedding night to be perfect , so consumating their marriage on the sofa is not a good idea . comsumating their marriage in a bed is much better . they do their thing , and they both fall asleep , where peggy says in a sort of joking way that they 've made a child , a little girl . charles falls asleep , but he wakes up to the sound of peggy entering the house with another man . he watches his own wife screw another guy on the sofa , where they guy falls asleep , while peggy tells him of how they 've just conceived a child , a little girl . she then picks up an axe , leans over to the man 's ear and simply says , " peggy would make a great name for our little girl , would n't it ? " she swings the axe and kills the guy she just had sex with . charles wakes up in horror , for it was only a nightmare , but it was a nightmare about a true fact : peggy 's mother had killed her peggy 's father on their wedding night , after they had consumated their marriage , where her mother and father had just conceived peggy that very night . peggy 's mother said she did it to consume the perfect love to a perfect wedding night . but charles claims that he did n't marry peggy out of love . he married her for her money , and he was going to murder peggy that very night , report to the police that an accident had happened , where he would inherit the money , but peggy has made a change in plans : continuing her family tradition , which is : murdering her husband to consume the perfect love on the perfect wedding night , after consumating their marriage , which led into the conception of their daughter . # 6 : collection completed ( aired june 28 , 1989 ) in this lame episode , audrey lindley ( the actress best known for her role as helen roper on three 's company ) plays a lonely housewife , who 's husband named julias has just retired . one the first day of his retirement , her husband is already going crazy because of all the animals his wife has in the house . she continues to claim that she does not want to get rid of the animals because they are her " friends " , they 've kept her company all those years her husband had spent working , instead of paying more attention to his own wife . days go by , and the house is seeing less and less of the animals . julias then shows his wife where all the animals have gone : in his basement...stuffed . the last animal to be taken care of is a cat , but julias ' wife bashes his skull in . but the next afternoon , she is sitting in the living room with julias , talking to him as if he were still alive . their friendly next-door neighbor drops by , where he discovers julias ' stuffed body . this was a great season . but stay tuned , boils and ghouls . there 's plenty more terrifying tales to come in the following seasons * crypt keeper 's cackle
visually & aurally this is a feast ! great musicianship , excellent lighting , colour , camera angles etc etc . if you know & like pat & know the piece you wo n't be really disappointed but the reason it 's 4 * & not 5 * for me is a combination of 2 things relatively insignificant in themselves but together worth knocking off a star . first , there 's no intro ( the first note is struck with the title screen still showing ) & no pictures of the band standing & taking the crowd 's ovation ( the credits start rolling straight after the last note ) ; i always find it nice to get a sense of the atmosphere , location & occasion before and after the music starts playing . second , those familiar with the piece will be aware of the extraordinary guitar/trumpet interplay closing out part two ; well , i 'm not sure if this is in the playing or sound on the night or the dvd mixing but as the sound builds the trumpet dynamic gets a bit lost & all you really hear as an individual voice is the guitar synth - great of course but could 've been even better ! this said , 4 * for a pat product still means a " must buy " !
'the bunker ' is one of three films that deal with hitler 's final days as the soviets encircle berlin and put an end to the third reich in april/may 1945 . 'the bunker ' is both one of the best and one of the worst of the three ( the others being 1973 's 'hitler : the last ten days ' and 2005 's 'downfall ' ) at the same time . the triumph of 'the bunker ' is anthony hopkins tour de force performance as hitler , at times so exact it is as if you are watching a newsreel . the element that makes the film almost painful to watch is that almost a 1/3 of it is dedicated to the whitewashing of convicted nazi war criminal albert speer . one thing that makes 'the bunker ' different from the others is the occasional use of flashbacks , and although brief they do allow hopkins to portray hitler in different venues and in a relaxed mode , casually chating and enjoying the company of friends when times were fat . in the bunker itself hopkins turns hitler purple in a full throttle rage as he yells about the need to destroy " the scourge and pestilence of jewish marxism ! "  'hitler : the last ten days ' does a bit better than the rest in portraying the supporting cast of characters in the drama but one stands out in 'the bunker ' and that is michael lonsdale as martin borman , hitler 's personal secretary and gatekeeper , a man of considerable power who plays his cards close to the vest and is always scheming to stay one step ahead of his rivals . despite its flaws 'the bunker ' earns a high rating as the hopkins performance simply can not be missed .
this is a fantastic video . i use it regularly for teaching . it gives a wonderful &amp ; sophisticated view of chuck close as an individual and an artist , as well as a glimpse of the other artist 's work who are interviewed in the video . it is filmed in a very immediate and personal style . there is nothing stiff , boring , or disconnected about it , common faults of many art videos . anyone who has experienced a similar tragedy in their family will find the discussion of chuck 's &quot ; event&quot ; very moving , and not at all sappy
bergman first introduced us to johan and marianne in his 1974 masterpiece scenes from a marriage , one of the cinema 's most exacting dissections of our all-too-human failure to connect . bergman and the splendid scandanavian actors erland josephson and liv ullmann took us through johan and marianne 's marriage , divorce , and post-divorce reconciliation . in the end , they live apart , but still make room for the bond between them . three decades later , bergman , josephson and ullmann have given us saraband , a late-life gift . marianne decides that even though she has n't seen johan since the 1970s , it 's time to make contact again . johan has inherited money from an aunt , and lives in splendid isolation overlooking a lake . she literally wakes him with a kiss , but soon enough marianne 's fantasy of an idyllic reunion evaporates as she gets drawn deeper into the power struggles in johan 's family . henrik , johan 's son , is staying in a nearby cottage with his daughter karin . both of them still mourn anna , henrik 's wife and karin 's mother , who died two years before . henrik , a music teacher , is preparing karin , an accomplished cellist , for her conservatory entrance exams . the elderly johan remains cold-hearted but charismatic ( not unlike bergman 's own father ) and one of the questions the movie explores is why people are so attracted to him . henrik wants his father 's affection and acceptance , even though johan refuses to give it , ostensibly due to some slight by henrik when he was 19 years old . in a painful scene , henrik goes to johan to ask for money to help karin , and in his 61 year old face , we see the bewilderment of the boy who never came to grips with his self-absorbed father . for karin , her grandfather is a counterweight to the suffocating embrace of her father . karin struggles to figure out what she owes henrik , what she owes to the memory of her mother , and what she owes to herself . she lets marianne see some , but not all , of the turmoil she 's going through . for marianne , her attraction to johan remains as difficult to pin down as it was when she was married to him . she 's always wanted something from him , but since she ca n't define what it is , she 'll probably never get it . the struggles between the characters get played out over ten riveting scenes bookended by marianne 's opening and closing monologues . karin makes her choices . henrik reacts . marianne throws herself once more against johan 's emotional aloofness . as he 's done throughout his brilliant career , bergman brings it alive through artful dialog , perfect dramatic timing , and riveting cinematic composition . the characters are not always likable , but they are never less than engrossing . the criterion 's dvd includes a mini-documentary of bergman making saraband . we watch the 87 year old director slump to the floor to illustrate some blocking , kid around with the crew , poke and prod his actors into position . it 's a treat to watch him work . one wonders if any other director will ever elicit such an emotionally powerful performance from julia dufvenius , the fine young actress who plays karin . one also wonders why bergman put himself through the grueling labor of making another film after he 'd announced he was through . bergman spent his entire career obsessed by the difficulties of human connection . apparently he wants to say one last thing about it , which seems to be this : after all the tears and shouting , all the posturing and cruelty , all the reaching out and pulling back , this is what remains : marriages of true minds ( the photo of anna used in the film is a picture of bergman 's great love , his deceased wife ingrid ) ; the fraught ties of fathers and sons ; memories of old loves ; what you give and get from children ; and the devolution of the flesh . none of it is easy , the master tells us , but all of it is necessary . in the end , it 's all you have . what 's truly sad is that bergman , sixty years after embarking on his cinematic journey , claims that he 's done . he did for film what shakespeare did for theater , took it to new levels by expanding the language used to describe the glories and follies of human striving . he will certainly be missed and he ca n't be replaced . but do n't see saraband for nostalgic reasons . it 's a moving , insightful film that deserves a place in the director 's canon . saraband stands on its own , but it 's a deeper experience if you watch scenes from a marriage first .
the enduring legacy around fran    ois truffaut 's emotionally turbulent 1962 film depends primarily on how compatible the three actors are in inhabiting the triangle at the core of the story adapted from henri-pierre roch    semi-autobiographical novel . and in showing that elusive rapport , oskar werner , henri serre and especially jeanne moreau provide superbly etched characterizations in one of the defining works of the french new wave . fortunately , the two-disc criterion collection dvd set provides an appropriately rich package for this classic , although the print transfer is frustratingly variable at times . the story focuses on the friendship between two writers , an austrian named jules and a frenchman named jim , kindred spirits who enjoy a decadent lifestyle in pre-wwi paris . inspired by a statue of a woman 's face with a most enigmatic smile , they agree that they are destined to fall in love with a woman with the same smile . enter catherine , as seductively capricious a free-spirit as ever there was in cinema , and the two men are instantly enamored . jules is intent on marrying her , even though it 's clear from the outset that she is not one who could commit for the long term . the war intercedes , and the two friends are fighting on opposite sides . after the war , catherine , married to jules and raising their young daughter , is emotionally dissatisfied and embarks on an affair with jim . with jules ' blessing , things are idyllic for a while , but jim proves too much the alpha male to defer to catherine 's whims , and the resulting imbalance leads to increasingly dramatic consequences . in just his third film , truffaut 's trademark style emerges with fast cuts between scenes and naturalistic camera movements ( courtesy of raoul coutard 's fluid cinematography ) . moreover , george delerue 's animated music score and michel subor 's voiceover add to the evocative photo-album memory atmosphere . at times , the storyline feels a bit disjointed , but the fulsome performances more than compensate . werner fully captures the internal struggle within jules in attempting to reconcile his love for catherine with her impossible demands on him . serre has the comparatively more objective role but convincingly shows his character surrendering to the tangled situation . after her impressive turn as an obsessed adulterer in louie malle 's " elevator to the gallows " , moreau solidifies her vaunted reputation here , conveying catherine 's petulance and unyielding passion in a vividly mercurial fashion . the dvd extras are abundant starting with two commentary tracks . the first one , a more factual account of the production , was recorded in 1992 with truffaut collaborator suzanne schiffman , editor claudine bouche , co-screenwriter jean gruault , and scholar annette insdorf . the second , produced in 2000 , is far better as it has moreau sharing her personal recollections of the filming with truffaut biographer serge toubiana . disc one also includes a brief 1966 interview with truffaut discussing roch    and a 1985 featurette , " the key to jules and jim " , which contains interviews with the author 's friends as they discuss the inspirations for the characters . disc two takes a broader look at truffaut with five separate interviews with the director over the span of fifteen years , as well as insightful interviews with coutard and co-screenwriter jean gruault
i 'll tell ya... if i read one more review written by someone born after 1980 dissing bakshi , i think i 'm going to start kicking rump and taking names . do people diss disney ? hardly , until they became such a movie mill that they are computer generating what used to be created by hand with a loving touch . look at " cool world " as the antitoonworld of " roger rabbit " . the characters are psychedelic , psychotic , retro and bent . there is a great deal of ( expected ) sexuality and lewdness , pushing the edge of the pg-13 as far as it can go . lots of puns and inside jokes it takes an adult to appreciate , something warner bros. cartoons were masters at . granted , they do n't always hit the mark here , and there 's more chemistry when the doodles are on than when the noids take over . but i dare anyone to watch that scene with holli cooing " let 's make love " to a sweating mel torme wannabe while she 's having trouble keeping her noidness intact and not feel the simulataneous urge to salivate and giggle . the transformation of noids to doodles when the wand is removed is humorous... a lounge lizard literally becomes one , a cowboy becomes a horse , a female lead a blank eyed orphan annie . the end cap , where byrne 's character becomes a dim witted but sincere superhero , is happily reminiscent of captain sternn from " heavy metal " . yes , the acting is practically phoned in . yes , the plot is odd . but get over it , folks , it 's adult animation , and it 's entertaining . i watch it again and again... and i always laugh
trapping a group of unsuspecting strangers in a house with no exits is not a new concept . they did it in saw ii , house on haunted hill , and then there were none , and i 'm sure quite a few others . but that plot seems to always work . it does for me . house of 9 is no exception . it does n't follow a storyline that 's predictable , even though the plot is not unknown . there are surprises , suspense , thrills and tense moments . believe me , you wo n't predict the ending . i was very satisfied with the movement of this film . it 's an interesting watch
samuel jackson and kevin spacey turn two distinct yet strong performances . jackson is always great to watch for his intensity , and this role suits that to a tee . spacey continues to impress with a solid and believable performance . this film and its settings/supporting cast are * slightly * dated by today 's standards , but the two main actors and the good story more than make up for it . highly worthwile
spider-man 2 is better than the original spider-man . i feel i should get that out of the way first , since most sequels have a tough time topping the first one . however , i feel spider-man 2 is only better in the sense that if the same production staff remade spider-man , it should naturally be better . that 's what this sequel feels like , a literal remake with some spiced up elements here and there . it 's a good film , but it 's not really the way i thought a sequel should be . effects are even better than the first , and the tentacles of doc ock make for some truly spectacular battles , including a centerpiece on a runaway train . tobey maguire continues to give an excellent portrayal of peter parker , and has good chemistry with kirsten dunst as mary jane . alfred molina has more to work with as doc ock than dafoe did as the goblin , and humanizes what was once a wacky villain . james franco continues to develop harry osborn well , and the supporting cast like jk simmons and rosemary harris fill out the high-caliber acting . but the script needs work . it uses one of the worst superhero cliches as the main plot , that of the hero calling it quits . it 's never convincing , and the film drags as we wait for peter to realize things we 've known all along . character relationships , though well-acted , do n't seem to have progressed since the first movie . we 're still treading the peter/mary jane love triangle , just with a different third wheel . harry still has his on/off friendship with peter . there are nice plot twists that shake things up towards the end , but most of the film is wasted on the exact same angst from the first one . for a story supposedly set 3 years later , it might as well have been 3 days . we get a dvd with good extras and audio/video presentation . i enjoy spider-man 2 on its own , and it 's nice to have it in my dvd library , but as a sequel it 's not fresh enough for me . hopefully next year 's spider-man 3 will fix that .
had just enough tasteful sex to satisfy and oh yes , the movie was good too :
old boy is the second film in the revenge trilogy by park . the first is sympathy for mr. vengeance and the final being sympathy for lady vengeance . after being imprisoned for 15 years , ho dae-su ( whose name means " getting along with everybody " ) is released and finds he only has 5 days to find his captor and seek his revenge . once the captor is found , dae-su will learn about a past he conveniently forgot and find he is in for an even bigger surprise during the final confrontation . the film is mesmerizing , hypnotic , and well edited with flashbacks and jump cuts . park makes an elevator ride feel like a roller coaster . there is a notable fight sequence referred to as the " one-take corrider scene " where dae-su takes several men in mostly hand-to-hand and hammer-to-head combat . this is a powerful film . it is a meditation on our addiction to tv , the bloody thirst for revenge , and the tomfoolery your mind resorts to when it is forced to relive your memories . the film will make you question the importance of forgetting , forgiving , and the satisfaction , or lack there of , in seeking revenge . the movie has an incredible build leading up to the finale . the end scene is full of twists . you will be amazed and you watch the truth slowly unravel . you learn that one memory is not as it appears and that another more important memory holding the key to the puzzle was completely forgotten . you will learn that getting the revenge is not the most important thing , but instead be able to live with yourself is . you will find that neither man will be able to do so , which leads to an explosive ending . there is also a bizarre , if not disgusting , love story at the center of this . favorite quote : too many good ones to mention . it is a tie between " be it a grain of sand or a rock - they both sink " and " revenge is good for your health , but pain will find you again . "  dvd extras : commentary , multiple deleted scenes , interview with director , still gallery , and trailers from tartan asia extreme . bottom line : you will be entranced while following the plot and pleasantly shocked the surprise ending . i will be seeking out park 's other work as well and i suggest you do the same . rating : 8.5/10   molly celaschi [ .. ] myspace.com/horroryearboo
an absolutely wonderful film by clint eastwood . thelonious was an amazing man . he said things on the piano that we wordsmiths are n't able to communicate . his unusual character made for an interesting subplot . this film is footage of the man himself , usually playing his music . i 'm just sitting here being stunned .
the thin man movies were funny and sophisticated when they came out and remain so . it seems rare today to find such rich dialogue .
anchor bay has come through again with this wonderful set of paul verhoeven 's early films . all of the transfers are top-notch and the subtitles are very clear and concise . as the individual titles have already been reviewed seperately , the big draw to this collection is being able to collect all of these brilliant films for much less than their retail price . the collectible booklet that 's included provides plot summaries and quotes from the director and/or cast member ( s ) . overall , i highly recommend this collection for even the casual filmgoer who is looking for that unique film experience
great acting and development in the multi-linear plot movie . very heavy movie however , that may be out of some people 's " reach " as to understanding and appreciation . strisand and nolte were both brilliant
the tale starts out with a historical reference to chaucer . for a fraction you wonder if you are watching the film you expected . and then you see the michael powell and emeric pressburger eagle that transitions us form mid-evil times to present day ( 1944 ) england . time is taken to give depth and background to all the main characters by the use of interactive dialog . we find that each brings different technical skills and interpretations of the road to canterbury :  u.s. army sergt . bob johnson ( u.s . sergeant john sweet ) on his way to canterbury mistakenly gets off in the hamlet of kent . he is accused of having his stripes on upside down . british sgt . peter gibbs ( dennis price ) is temporarily stationed at kent while staging for overseas . he was and theater organ player before the war . alison smith ( sheila sim ) a london store clerk before the war is now seeking a job as a ` land girl' . she seems to have an uncanny knowledge of kent and the pilgrims ' road to canterbury . the night they got off the train at kent they had a strange encounter with the mysterious " glue man " . then befriended by the local magistrate , thomas colpeper , jp ( thomas colpeper , jp ) . mr. colpeper is interested in the history of the pilgrims ' road from kent to canterbury . until you get pretty much through this story you are never really sure where they are trying to take you . is the focus on a local mystery ? the interaction of the players or the lives of the characters themselves ? -------------------------------------------------------------------- be sure to get the criterion version with the second dvd . the main item besides the film is the voice over commentary by film historian ian christie which will rival the film for entertainment and after watching you may want to give the film that other star .
this documentary is very concise , and very straight forward . it does not beat around the bush or preach to the choir . it features interviews with some very credible sources , all of whom have their unique take on such a timely discussion topic . i really enjoyed the way the interviews were woven together . this documentary makes a great point and i 'd highly recommend it for anyone who is interested in learning the hard facts about the drug industry and its ethics
one of the best movies i have seen ! ! ! the subject itself forces you to look at your own limitations on anything that is out of your 'normal ' boundaries . after watching this movie , you have a better insight on how limited most of us are and how this causes a lot more harm than we think it does . in terms of film quality , it is also one of the best i have seen . the actors are tremendous , the characters are so accurately portrayed that you actually feel the pain of each one of them . of course , ludovic 's innocence is rendered beautifully , but the changes that the mother goes through are very emotionally charged ( maybe because i am a mother myself ? ? ? ) . she seems at first to be the most understanding of all when it comes to her son 's differences , then goes through a confusion stage , and then tries really hard to understand him . but when her family 's whole life setting ( house , husband 's job , social life ) goes havoc , she closes down emotionally on her own son which is extremely painful to watch . after one final emotionally violent confrontation with ludovic , she realizes that she 's loosing him and finally sees him the way it should be : her beautiful child , nothing more , nothing less . it is also filmed in a very colorful manner ( especially during ludovic 's escapes into dreamland ) , which accentuate the notion of ludovic 's innocence . the neighborhood setting seems to be a bit of a caricature of american suburbia ( green front lawns , barbecue parties ) with an european flavor ( adults dancing at neighborhood parties ) . in any case , the movie seems to make a clear statement that intolerance seems to be most prominent in middle-class white surburban populations , which many could find this to be a bit of a stereotype . in any case , i highly recommend this movie to anyone who wants something more out of movie than what is presented in mainstream movies .
monty python are probably the best known sketch comedian ever . they made a tv show , monty python 's flying circus , and several hilarious movies . and now for something completely different their first movie , which is a collection of their best skits from their tv show . this movie is hilarious . it includes the lumberjack song , the dead parrot sketch , the dirty fork , and the world funniest joke . monty python and the holy grail their best movie . it 's about arthur and his knights looking for the holy grail . this movie will make you laugh insanely . funny moments include the killer rabbit , the knights who say ni , and the black knight . the adventures of baron munchausen this movie is not a monty python film but was made by terry gilliam and co-stars eric idle , both of whom are former pythons . a must have for any monty python fan . this set deserves the five stars and more . i recommend this to any monty python fan , british comedy fan , or comedy fan in general . too bad it did n't inlude the meaning of life or life of brian
we have both of these , although we purchased them seperately . save yourself the time and money and just get them together . the magical halloween adventure has characters picking out costumes to wear and then it goes into hayrides , pumpkin patches , carving pumpkins and making cider . there is a cute songs about monsters not being scary . the elmo says boo ! one has cute songs with different poeple and charcters and of course has elmo all over it . we have had these since my daughter was 2 and she has never expressed fear about them or anything like that . in my opinion , they are not scary . also , we watch them year round...especially the elmo one . she will pull it out and ask for it...who knew you could have halloween in july ? ?
i spent ten years working various scenes at the trinity church hellhouse . yes , it is a bit campy , and yes , it is often over the top , but i can say that the people are well intentioned , just a bit off target . i attended trinity church from birth until i was 22 years old . i do not attend their anymore because of the close-minded attitude that is prevalant in this documentary . i stopped doing hellhouse when they added the decision room my last year . i just felt it was an un-biblical scare tactic . i now feel that way about the entire operation . the worst feeling i get is knowing the young teenagers are blindly following the leadership without doing any research themselves . i know because i was once one of them . i have found that a growing number of former trinity youth group members my age do not attend there for the same reasons i listed above . this movie will open your eyes to the way teens are herded like cattle in fundamentalist christian churches .
this is a movie you 'll want to watch over again--a number of times for a number of reasons . for one , you 'll want to catch all the laughs that flew by too quick on the first go-round ( perhaps the second and third go-round , too , and even beyond ) . as the legend goes , with the exception of a few brief , well-timed breathers , director howard hawks has the actors assailing us with about 240 words for each of this film 's sleek 92 minutes , with the jokes sometimes launched from multiple conversations at once . i agree with the amazon review : you 'll also want to give the movie at least one look devoted exclusively to cary grant 's performance as master-manipulator news chief walter burns . one can only marvel at his hair-trigger , incendiary reactions to each situational development . the big scoop involves the politically-driven gallows sentence of a meek little " anarchist " ( john qualen ) alleged to have killed a black cop , and while ferociously tracking the story , burns chats up and tries to reclaim his ace reporter , hildy johnson . the movie is based on hecht and macarthur 's long-running broadway hit the front page . an early talk-era version had been produced already for the silver screen , but hawks decided his inspired idea of switching hildy 's gender to that of a woman justified another remake . he was right : of the various stage and film renditions , his girl friday is regarded as the most powerful and effective use of the source material . handed this basic premise , scriptwriter charles lederer added one last layer of complexity : hildy johnson is not just any woman , but walter burns 's ex-wife . as the action begins , she is bidding the chaotic , cynical , wise-cracking reporter 's life farewell , having decided to settle down and marry an insurance man named bruce baldwin ( ralph bellamy , perfect as the earnest , slow-witted foil to grant ) . on hearing this , burns hatches his plot . if he can pull off the entire stunt , he will beat the competition to a story on local corruption . by getting hildy involved again , and helping her realize the hawksian principle that " you are what you do , " he will also regain a writer of rare talent . these two goals alone would be enough to keep his motivation interesting . but of course the chance to win back his ex-wife brings a sexy tension to the frantic , lunatic action . the one thing you have to do is reserve a viewing strictly for watching rosalind russell as hildy . in the part that literally no one wanted ( jean arthur , claudette colbert , irene dunne and carole lombard all turned it down ) , russell succeeds in making his girl friday her movie . among her colleagues in the press room ( played by a sterling ensemble of character actors ) , she 's got the hard-nosed wit to sound right at home with the boys . at the same time , she stands out--not just in her bold pinstriped outfits , but with her unflagging dedication to the raw , key-punching grind of the professional " news man . " when necessary she dashes from telephone to telephone , one raging conversation to the next , yet in the movie 's moment of high pathos , she manages to be absoltuely riveting while barely raising her voice above a whisper . finally , of course , her kinetic scenes with grant are what earn this movie its reputation as one of the fastest , funniest zingers ever produced . my sole warning : fork over the dough for columbia 's authorized release . the cheap-o 's--and there are several on the market--are pretty shabby in terms of image and sound quality . with so much re-watching in your future , do what it takes to get the best version
i do n't usually like romance films , but 2046 is brilliant ! a mind trip and sensual candy ! if you have a short attention span , you will not appreciate this work of art . but if the first half draws you in , the second half will blow your mind ! wong kar wai sets up analogies between the relationships of each character . by comparing characters in this way , we are given infinite perspectives on the characters and their emotions . this is genius ! this is art ! full of colorful symbolism
i have ever seen.what to say for this film.great acting,great story and great music.do n't hesitate go get it.this will be one of the gems in your movie collection . and please guys when you come to movies like this masterpiece do n't give them a 3 star rate.not beacuse it did n't have many extras or something like this.the movie is that counts
i watched this movie in health class during a unit on ageing . the movies was very touching , and turned the whole class to tears . but , it was a great movie that was very touching , and i would suggest watching it
i was very inspired by the interview with michale flately . my family enjoyed the shows on the dvd as well . it was definately worth buying
i loved the series of the supermario bros supershow . i use to watch this all the time when i was in the 1st grade . im still a big mario fan and i hope they will make an entire dvd collection . if they did i will buy the whole thing . i didnt know they were going to make this on dvd sweet
if you have ever come across a home movies episode , maybe at about 3 am on comedy central , hopefully you immediately recognized the transcendent hilarity and quickly began devoting the rest of your life to enjoying more episodes . if that did not happen , buy the season 3 dvd 's because brendan small is just immensely funny and enjoyable . the renaissance fair episode is unbelievable
there were loads of swords & sorcery films coming out in the 80 's , most of them low budget garbage . but this was actually one of the better films . it had a lot wrong with it , but it had enough good to make it enjoyable . richard lynch is cromwell who plots against the throne , takes power as the young prince talon ( lee horsley ) eventually will grow up to challenge the tyrant . pretty standard stuff . but it 's exectuted well . the opening is stolen directly from robert e. howard 's conan story " the hour of the dragon " as cromwell and his conspirators , including a witch , find an ancient tomb and revive a powerful , ancient sorcerer . in the conan story the sorcerer 's name was zaltotun . in this movie , the name is xusia . mere coincidence ? i think not . but xusia is played well be the towering richard moll ( of night court fame ) . he 's suitably imposing and evil , as he quickly tears the heart out of the witch who helped restore him to life . unfortunately xusia does n't get enough screen time . lynch always does a good job in the role of the villain and does so here , too . horsley plays his role clearly more influenced by errol flynn in robin hood than by conan . he 's a fun-loving reveling rogue leading a band of rogues hoping to take back the throne . he is eventually captured and cromwell has him nailed to a cross , although it 's an " x " cross so as to not upset anyone with religious symbolism . again , this is a scene lifted from a conan story " a witch shall be born " when conan was nailed to a cross . only conan had to be rescued by desert raiders while talon , actually pulls the nails out of his own hands and gets up to fight immediately . now , i 'm no doctor but i 'm guessing that someone who had a 4 " nail driven through their palms is not going to be able to pickup and handle a sword but , ok , it 's fantasy so i 'll buy it . still , despite some shortcomings , this is an enjoyable little diversion . the ending credits even gave the title of a sequel which never materialized
the technical quality of the dvd is excellent . my interest in the movie is the result of seeing a photo on a friend 's wall of charlie chaplin and an actor . the actor , hugh sasson , was the uncle of my friend 's mother . he appears early in the movie as the person who has his pocket picked . the photo is the shot in front of the hot dog stand when the victim sees the tramp paying for a hot dog out of his wallet . we set the photo on the tv and stepped through this scene on the dvd one frame at a time . it gave us all goose bumps as somehow the extreme slow motion made them seem alive in real time . additionally , the story of the production difficulties found on disk 2 are fascinating
first , off , if it has pauly shore it is pretty much guaranteed to be funny . in this comedy , pauly shore and his buddy sign up to be in the reserves because they need the money , little does he know when he picks their area of expertise , water clarifacation , that it is something that will actually be needed and they get called into active duty . watch this movie
" mighty quinn " features a young sexy denzel washington ( xavier quinn ) as a smart detective who did a stint with the fbi and returns home as police chief on a carribbean island . there 's a shadowy plot involving $ 10,000 bills , a guerilla movement and guns , but the movie focuses more on quinn 's conflicts because his childhood friend is suspected of a grisly murder , and quinn 's own discomfort from having " made good " but ending up caught between two worlds , white and black . he 's also caught between the islanders ' desire to protect their own and white political pressure to drop the investigation . this film is full of sexy island women , colorful reggae music , and real world dilemmas of race and identity . no matter that we could n't quite figure out if the plot hung together . a winner
... then this would be a really serious detective . as it 's executed now , it 's a superbly relaxed copper-gets-the-villain with serious undertones . cool
my brother bought a used copy at wal mart and i decided to borrow it despite him saying it was stupid . it is n't . it 's actually real funny and entertaining .
this animation is as hilarious as when it was first aired , maybe even more so as the careers of some of those who sat on the good doctor 's couch have blossomed eg david cross , who you may remember from such shows as arrested development . even ray romano is funny . the animation is great , especially the new york city scenes . ben katz is a scene stealer . i need to see 'feng shui ' and 'sticky notes ' on dvd please .
if you are at all interested in synthesizers , their impact on the music world , and how the moog synthesizer changed history , this is a 'must have' . i just wish i had bought my copy and had bob autograph it before he passed away . i did go to his memorial service... a little late , i admit . but this dvd gives so much insight into the realm of the synth . there 's a fair amount of footage from the 50th anniversary event " moogfest " at bb king 's in nyc , in may of 2004 . i attended that show , and was just one table from the stage , right in front of keith emerson and his monster-moog . there is also some segments of bob and rick wakeman back stage ( it was rick wakeman 's birthday ) . anyway- good stuff.. . i would buy it if i were you . i am me , and i did buy it , and i 'm not sorry !
i first saw " dragonslayer " when it originally came out in theaters back in 1981 . it was the first vhs movie i ever purchased . it 's very well made , an engaging story with interesting characters that you care about . it still holds up . caitlin clarke 's performance is the heart and soul of the film and she does a great job . i wrote her when the film came out telling her as much , and received a hand-written thank you letter . i learned recently that she passed away from cancer in 2004 . " dragonslayer " has action , humor , humanity , political irony . and if none of those matter to you : it 's just plain fun
good movie with a unique storyline . special effects were very good for the time of filming
other people 's money is a wonderful movie , full of smart dialogue , good music , and a terrific danny devito performance . devito is his usual funny , and easy-going self , while gregory peck is a strong-willed patriarch . very good stuff there . the weakest performance is from penelope ann miller , who is n't really convincing as the corporate attorney , but the material is so good that it saves the movie . this is a 5 star film , however , it loses a 1/2 star , because of the last scene , which feels a bit tacked on . otherwise , a smart and funny film from the director of moonstruck
i bought a balance ball kit from another location , but wanted a more complete workout than the sampler that came with the kit . i like the workout a lot and i think it will be a good strengthening and toning tool . i like that there is a separate relaxation workout for stress relief and i like that the workout cycles through the different body parts
the uncut version of the anime is much better than what is aired on tv . though there are still some diferences between the japanese version and what is in the uncut version . i would n't recomend the special edition unless you are a hard core naruto fan . the bonus items that come with it are mainly geared toward younger viewers and not much towards adult viewrs
the great thing about the naruto series is it has an involved , ongoing storyline without taking itself too seriously . the episodes are well translated and the actors well chosen . it has some suspense and alot of comedy and for older children it has a nice message of never giving up on your dreams . my small gripes are that for some reason naruto has the catch phrase of " believe it ! " , and it gets dropped into places that it does n't make any sense , but it 's a small problem . also the extras you get are really fun and high quality . this is a great package for the hardcore fan and newcomer alike
what do you know about being underground ? get this if you really suck at djing
" i wake up screaming " was the first film noir made at 20th century fox . its greatest distinction is its visual style whose low-key lighting and dark shadows would become archetypal of film noir after world war ii . cinematographer edward cronjager created a striking early example of " noir " lighting -what john alton appropriately called " mystery lighting " - in this film made in 1941 , before the united states entered the war . the story is based on the novel of the same name by stephen fisher , adapted for the screen by dwight taylor , who moved the action to new york , gave it a flashback structure , and turned it into one of those hybrids so common in pre-war hollywood that combines multiple genres : mystery , romance , musical ( the singing scene was cut ) , comedy , suspense , and psychological drama . but the suspense does dominate . when model and aspiring actress vicky lynn ( carole landis ) is murdered , the police are quick to blame frankie christopher ( victor mature ) , a fight promoter who met vicky when she was a waitress , introduced her to all the right people , and managed her ascent to glamour girl -until she left him for hollywood . vicky 's down-to-earth sister jill ( betty grable ) disapproved of her career choice but does n't want to believe frankie responsible for her death . the assistant district attorney thinks early on that the creepy switchboard operator ( elisha cook , jr. ) at the lynns ' apartment building is the killer , but sadistic police detective ed cornell ( laird cregar ) wo n't let up on frankie , constantly harassing and threatening him , leaving frankie little choice but to find the killer himself . " i wake up screaming " opens with an eyecatching credit sequence of names in lights sprawled across a dark cityscape . that got my attention . then we move on to an interrogation room at the police station . frankie christopher is harshly lit with one lamp , surrounded by police officers in the shadows . gorgeous , dramatic , low-key lighting . the faces of some characters , even frankie , are sometimes completely blacked out . i do n't know if that is due to a film with limited tonal range or if it 's deliberate . but it 's daring . everywhere we go in the station house , there are bars and shadows . the implication that the characters are trapped as if in a cage is overwhelming . the police station is like a template for film noir aesthetic . this really surprised me in such an early film , but it 's fabulous . this was betty grable 's first non-musical role . she 's all sweetness and goodness , but she is also level-headed , practical , and brave in the mold of a film noir helper-heroine . unfortunately , every time she appears on screen we hear " somewhere over the rainbow " , which eventually drove me a little nuts . victor mature makes a strong and appealing protagonist . but the stand-out performance comes from laird cregar as the very creepy , obsessed police detective cornell . he 's truly unsettling and one of the most memorable noir villains . the dialogue is n't hard-boiled except for a few lines delivered by vicky . but " i wake up screaming " is a superb example of the film noir style as it was entering hollywood 's visual vocabulary . the dvd ( 20th century fox 2006 ) : a few scenes show some white specks and lines , but this print is generally good . sound is good . bonus features : a deleted scene called " daddy " ( 4 min ) , in which betty grable sings . this does n't fit the tone of the movie well , so it was best left out . " hot spot " ( text ) is a brief account of the film 's title change from " i wake up screaming " to " hot spot " and back again . we can watch the opening credits for the film with the " hot spot " title ( 1 min ) . there are 3 " still galleries " : a poster gallery ( 3 posters ) , a production stills gallery of behind-the-scenes photos ( 8 ) , and a unit photography gallery of publicity stills ( 38 photos ) . it 's interesting to note that scenes are much more brightly lit in the publicity stills than in the movie itself . there is a theatrical trailer ( 2 min ) . film noir historian eddie muller delivers a good , nearly constant audio commentary . he compares the screenplay to steven fisher 's novel , provides background information for many of the creative crew and actors , discusses the noir visual style and the juxtaposition of light and dark thematic elements in the film . muller speaks a lot about the people involved in the film , as always . subtitles for the film are available in english and spanish
first-time feature director/screenwriter alice wu 's 2005 indie comedy has familiar movie themes running all through it , but it is still an unexpected charmer with its laconic storytelling , unforced humor and a trio of winning performances . with a conflicted protagonist at its core , the film shares the same souffl    -light rom-com territory as ol parker 's half-hearted " imagine me and you " and ian iqbal rashid 's overly cute " a touch of pink " . wu , however , manages to bring a less derivative style to her venture due to the unique cultural subtext and more importantly , because her script unspools the fates of the main characters in meticulous vignettes . the plot focuses on wil , short for wilhelmina , an obviously talented manhattan-based surgical resident who has kept herself closeted from her traditional chinese family living across the east river in flushing . referred to just as " ma " in the story , her mother is a widowed beautician , who only speaks mandarin to her daughter and keeps flinging potential suitors at her . wil 's eyes , nevertheless , are set squarely on a comely ballerina named vivian , who happens to be the daughter of wil 's supervising surgeon at the hospital . meantime , ma is in her own pickle as she finds herself pregnant and subsequently ejected from the family home . ma moves in with wil , and the inevitable consequences ensue . there are affecting moments of lightness and gravitas throughout , but much of the charm of the film comes naturally from the three leads . as wil , michelle krusiec is a terrific find , evoking the simmering turmoil of her situation in unexpected ways even when the script fails her at times . lynn chen is saucy and inviting as vivian , though i wish we could have seen one scene where she dances onstage since such a strong point is made on what style she wants to pursue . both actresses make the attraction between the characters palpable , culminating in the inevitable girl-on-girl scene . despite the beauty of her younger co-stars , joan chen is almost too gorgeous to be playing such an emotionally constrained character . even though her character is supposed to be closing in on fifty , chen is just 43 and frankly looks ensconced in her thirties , making her the rare case of looking far younger at the end of the movie than at the beginning . yet , she is able to convey the necessary brittle , distanced manner as ma , making her character 's self-discovery process more rewarding . the ending is on the pat side , especially a silly multiple confessional at a wedding and a wedged-in riff on " the graduate " , but it does n't compromise the sweet-natured charm of the piece . special mention should go to harlan bosmajian 's cinematography , which captures the saturated colors found in the chinese-american community . the 2005 dvd contains wu 's thoughtful commentary on a separate track , as well as several deleted scenes , a standard , ten-minute making-of featurette and a rather dull sundance video diary
scenes from a marriage is a swedish film by ingmar bergman . to me , this is one of the best films ever . it not only captures a great story , but it is done so well . what makes the movie so great is that you can relate to how they feel , act , and generally take care of issues . this is n't one of those american films where a person breaks off with someone and they start yelling and throwing objects at them . in here , as he is telling his wife about this other lover , she is without emotions , just staring off , with no real reactions whatsoever , a way most would respond . this is basically a 3 or 5 hour film about a wife who believes their marriage is great/perfect . it is later that she finds outs that perhaps , the marriage is n't so great when she listens to a patient decribe her marriage and why she wants a divorce . there , the wife wants to plan a trip with her husband and try to improve their marriage . he later says he 's been with a woman for a while now , and shortly there after , leaves her . after a year of so , they get together to sign the divorce papers , which turns out rough at the end . after some time , they get together again , and in some way , fall in love once again , even though both are married to other people . there , the movies ends . great film ! hard to watch some american films now , because most just seem horrible , and in ways , corny . i 'm glad i got to see a great film like this .
a lot of people like me who watches superhero movies want to watch a whole bunch of action with soo much cgi you cant even tell what 's real or not . anyways , i expected this movie to have the too much action i can handle . guess i was wrong . do n't get me wrong , i like this movie , but i just hope spidey 3 will have tons of action ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! and tons of cgi effects ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! with 3 new villains ! ! ! ! ! ! whoo hoo ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! sandman , hobgoblin , and venom ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! anwyays , just do n't make the movie about peter parker , but spider-man , thank you stan lee for creating spider-man
threshold starring carla gugino ( special guest catherine bell episode # 11 outbreak ) : i loved this show . i liked it when it was on cbs and i like it even more now that i got the dvd 's with the unaired shows to at least try to bring it to some sense of a conclusion . carla gugino was very good ( as usual ) playing a strong woman named dr. molley anne caffrey a contingency analayst who 's job it is to come up with worst case scenarios for any natural or man-made disaters . ( earthquake,hurricanes , wwiii , epidemics , worldwide finacial depression ) you get the picture . the one she is called upon for is for a scenario named " threshold " ( hence the name of the show ) . threshold - is the contengency plan for alien invasion . her job is now to put the plan in motion . to quickly assemble a team made up of a physian , a mathmatican/linguist , an areonautics engineer and navy seal whose job it is to implement the orders she gives out usually via military force or other covert means and to protect the " red team " . and asscess the threat and plan how to stop the threat . the actors who played the other members on molly 's team were all good and i believed and cared for them all . but this review is about carla and catherine so i will get to the point . carla owned the show , she carried it off just like she did in " karen sisco " she told a great story and added importance to a very well done show . i really do believe she is one of the best and underrated actresses in the business today . and she was just stunningly beautiful . every time she was on camera you could not help but to focus on her . the camera loved her . the beauty made you look her way . but the acting , the way she carried herself . made you stay focused on her . catherine bell was on the episode " outbreak " this episode was about about how molly and her team discovered that one of the ways the aliens could spread and infect people was through the food supply . now they already knew this a few episodes before but , they thought they took care of it , but they were wrong . molley needed to know exactly how they spread it , to what foods and how long did it take effect on people who ate it . so she basically drafted catherine bell and made her apart of the team whether she wanted to or not . catherine bell played dr. daphene larsons . an expert on botony and biology . who figured out that some foods were more likely to get it and that it was mainly tomatos and food like it that they need to worry about . i 'm afraid catherine did not get much to work with here and she was only on it for that epsiode and only mentioned it the rest . i was told that had the show been picked up and went the next year she would have been a full blown cast member . but catherine - like carla - was stunningly beautiful . however she does not have the same presence as carla does when she on camera . she did a good job - but she had next to nothing to work with and there was no essence within her or her character 's personality that took over when you got over her looks as opposed to carla when she was on . carla was on her game and stayed on it . it was her show . catherine did the best she could with what little she had , she was not on her game . but it was n't her show . carla and catherine had really no interaction together . the only one they kinda had was when molly was briefing daphene on threshold and the story thus far . and that was done with daphine sitting in a chair looking confused and over-whelmed while molly stood in front of her and explained it all . and it was all done using cross fade and fade in-outs edits . i appreciated the effects - nice touch - but i would have liked to see some real dialogue there . i 'm pretty sure had there been an episode 14 they would have done something together like i do n't know ; kick some alien butt together or kissed . in conclusion - i loved the show . then tension kept me going and seemed real . it was n't neardy and though it was scfi , i really did'nt get that feeling . there was more to the story , it was intellegently done and i wanted more . but they cancelled it . the last epsiode did however give it some closeuer so you do n't feel too cheated buying one season of the show . it left you having enough questions as to where you wanted to see more , but , could still come up with your own conclusions . they ended it like they could add more to the story at a later date in a form of a movie or another show but if they never do . then i guess it is still okay . the show was supposed to last three years going in accordance to molly 's scernario : 1 . threshold - we have spotted and accessed the threat . 2 . foothold - they have established themselves on earth . we have notified the public and began to stop them by any means necessary . ( probably what season 2 would have been called . 3 . stranglehold - if it get to this point it either means we have stopped them and sent them home or they have won and anhilated us . ( season three title i suppose . ) she never came up with a 4th stage . i guess it would be pointless .
cbs 's threshold held the promise of a good science-fiction thriller ; however regardless of it 's interesting story premise , good acting , and well supported production team , it , like nbc 's " surface " and abc 's " invasion " , was cancelled . although i considered it the weakest of the three mentioned , it alone was told before production ended , it was not being re-newed ; hence , it had just enough time to provide an adequate series finale and why i rated it 4 vice 3 stars . was it cancelled because the plot was flimsy or dumb ? possibly , but it did offer better tv viewing than many of the boob tube 's " reality " shows and less than funny comedies . was it cancelled because it lacked character depth and good acting ? maybe , but carla gugino ( molly ) , charles dutton ( blaylock ) , brent spiner ( fenway ) , rob benedict ( lucas ) , peter dinklage ( ramsey ) , and brian holt ( cavennaugh ) did a very good job trying to provide three dimensions to their characters . sadly , they did n't have the opportunity to finish the job . was it cancelled because it did n't get the support it needed from the folks behind the scenes ? arguably , but the team did offer some great visuals , interesting plotlines , and nightmare scenarios . so why was this potentially promising series suddenly suffocated ? probably because it cost too much money and the average television viewer does n't appreciate a good story takes time to develop ( the x-files , alias , 24 , law & order , csi , smallville , numbers , etc. ) . is it worth buying or renting ? yes . though a cancelled series , it has that one thing most of it 's one season wonders do n't have--an adequate conclusion that does n't leave you wondering how a cliff-hanger is to be resolved
do n't be fooled by stupid commercials that make this movie look inappropriate or like soap operas . this movie is awsome and not at all about the guys chasing the girls , inappropriate behavior , or anything . it 's definitely worth seeing and watching again . great movie
an excellent total body toning workout by two motivating ( and non-annoying ) instructors . this is a perfect workout to add to any workout regime . highly recommend this
i 've been encouraged by pat metheny 's music since 1980... that 's a long time to follow one guy 's music track , but through it all he has always grown and done more than you would expect . his trio record set the standard in the early days , with bright size life ( w. jaco and bob moses ) , and his pmg work has been unusual and different and refreshing . one reviewer mentions " cheesy tunes " - in what sense ? in the sense that they do n't conform to a rigid set of jazz sounds that we 've come to expect ( swing + sax + trumpet + upright bass + x y and z = jazz ) ? great jazz musicians are innovators , and what pmg has done consistently through its life and continues to do is to create it 's own genre of music unto itself - completely unique . are you going to find 14 other groups sounding like this ? no way . not even one . i know cheesy music when i hear it , and there are plenty of so-called mainstream jazz artists that are guilty of it in addition to the usual suspects . most jazz musicians will be remembered as that guy or gal that sounded kind of like miles or kind of like coltrane or brecker or whatever . the great ones are the ones others are compared to , and pat metheny falls in that category . if you are open-minded to creative music and want to enjoy great musicians at the top of their game , creating art together as a team listening well and bringing fresh new ideas to life , then buy or rent this dvd . if you want to hear what one kid from missouri who was by age 15 determined to play with gary burton ( and he did ) was able to do with the guitar by just doggedly pursuing it year after year , creating fresh new material , taking the beauty of the guitar to new levels each and every year , then listen to this dvd and be a part of his history . because pat is one of the true geniuses of our age . his relationship with lyle mays persists to this day - what a story of loyalty working together though a lifetime . and pat is able to draw more talent out of his musicians than most bandleaders . a lot of jazz artists have used richard bona over the years as a talented fretless bass player , but pat metheny gave him a stage to share the whole range of his talent . he does a solo with himself and some percussion and a delay pedal that is amazing - he harmonizes with himself and creates a tapestry of sound... cuong vu did something similar on this dvd with his trumpet . the drummer and bass player ( antonio sanchez and steve rodby ) are just on it - this is a great band . if you get a chance to hear their austin city limits performance , i think it is slightly better in the sense of how raw it is ; this performance is more polished , and of course a lot more time was taken in the mastering of this . both live performances are worth checking out .
i first watched this incredible group of musicians i believe on austin city limits and was totally taken in by the magic these guys perform along with very , very good camera work which complimented their every move . pat 's fascials are captured intensly as well as all of the musicians perfectionism. . the performance is flawless and you will find yourself feeling as if " you are here " . bravo ! ! bobby gee , florida ncpd2 @ msn.co
i 've been doing pilates for several months along w/ my daily yoga practice and it 's been an incredible and effective addition to my program ! at this point i have collected about 17 pilates programs ( along w/ my 90 yoga programs ) and there are certain teachers that have shone above the rest . for me moira stott is one of those special teachers that has a way of communicating so clearly and putting together such sound practices that i always look forward to spending time with her programs . i had purchased the four dvd pack w/ " basics " , " fit and firm " , " secret to flat abs " and " sculpt and tone " , and just this morning did " fit and firm " for the first time . for someone brand new to pilates i highly recommend the " basics " dvd , it 's the single best beginners dvd/vhs i 've worked with since starting pilates . as always moira starts with detailed explanations and warm ups and with the help of a student who demonstrates beautifully , leads you through a wonderful , well paced pilates practice . this practice basically follows the intermediate pilates series with some additional advanced poses added in as well . it 's about 45 minutes long but flows so beautifully that the time really flies by . some people find moria stott to be dry or boring , but i find her to be a pleasure to practice with . perhaps because i 'm from a yoga background ( daily for the past nine years ) i 'm used to teachers who are less " rah rah " ( i also do n't like blaring music when i 'm practicing yoga or pilates ) so moira 's approach fits me well . if you like teachers who have a more hyper " in your face " personality then this may not be a good fit for you . but if you want a teacher who knows her stuff and who will guide you in a way that is sound and effective then moira stott is someone you will truly appreciate on so many levels . other teachers whose teaching style i really enjoy are hilary burnett ( her intermediate program is incredible ) and jennifer kries . i also like ana caban and michelle dozois for variety in my practice . highly recommended !
i really ejoyed this film.i ca n't wait to watch it again.this christmas flick has a great angle,and a wonderfull ending.i always liked the traditional holiday movies , " white christmas,holiday inn , " now " surviving christmas " is included
i loved watching this when i was younger and my daughter loves it now . i actually bought this because she wanted it for her 10th birthday
this is a fantastic keith urban video . my favorites would undoubtedly be " somebody like you , " and " raining on sunday . " i wondered why keith was n't barefooted in the " where the blacktop ends " video : ) even so it 's a great dvd worth adding to your collection ! my only disappointment was that there was n't a video of " you 'll think of me .
hey pizanos ! it 's the super mario bros super show ! sound familiar to you ? if it does , great ! that just means that your ready for season two of the super mario bros super show . mario , luigi , and toad are back to save princess toadstool and themselves out of the evil king koopa 's hands . there are all of the remaining episodes on this disc except for four . i understand that shout faught dic for the remaining four with no success . go figure . oh well . you atleast get to see the other episodes on all of these discs with no audio problems as mentioned for season one . there are also special features on all four dvd 's to play around with . want to look at the outline for how the idea for the set came about ? take a basement tour ! see how the creators met lou albano , plus more ! everybody get ready to do the mario and go back to your child hood and watch the good guys win and triaumph over the evil forces of king bowser koopa .
definitely a great movie , rules of engagement , brings to the screen two stories as they unfold simultaneously ; that of a military investigation into whether an officer in the marines was in violation of the code of conduct during an incident in yemen , and the inner struggle of the investigator/defence lawyer as he tries to come to terms with his past and the ghosts that have been haunting him ever since vietnam... . the film combines drama , action and adventure making it one of the best of its kind . needless to say , tommy lee jones , samuel jackson , and the rest of the cast have truly outdone themselves with their performances , which are outstanding to say the least ! all the actors , without exceptions , give it their 100 % and it really shows ( the chemistry is amazing ) ! the plot , the setting , the dialogues , the special effects , and the music are all wonderful ! in short , it is a movie definitely worth watching and one to seriously consider adding to your movie collection ( if you have n't already done so ) ! ! strongly recommended along with black hawk down , a few good men , and courage under fire .
unlike marshall fine,who wrote the amazon review , i do n't find the subplot in this movie hard to swallow at all ! sadly , politically i believe many of our fine military personnel have been sacrificed through the years for political agenda , and i am not just talking about recently . i am sure there are flaws in the movie , but i was n't watching the movie for flaws . truthfully , military movies are not my favorite genre . having said that , i found myself up very late one night and " happened upon " this fine movie . i was mesmerized . tommy lee jones and samuel l. jackson were brilliant , but it was the short segment with the former officer in the north vietnamese army that riveted my attention more than any other scene . just brilliant ! i ca n't say more or i will spoil it for anyone who has not seen it . needless to say , i give it 5 stars because it is a movie that made me think , one i will talk about in years to come . that 's a barometer for my star-meter !
i 'd seen this film before , in a lesser unrestored edition , and was n't that impressed . sure there 's some over-the-top moments worth a chuckle or two , but the majority of the film is pretty leaden and dull . hardly the unintentional laugh riot it 's reputed to be . thanks to mike nelson 's biting commentary , however , now the film really is funny . damn funny . which is why i demand we pass legislation , the sooner the better , requiring mike nelson commentaries on every major dvd release from here on out . he may be hollywood 's last best hope , the only man who can save excrement like mission impossible 3 and lady in the water from heading straight to the bargain racks . ( okay , maybe i 'm overrating mike 's abilities just a bit - nothing short of an old testament-style miracle could scrape the stink off of lady in the water - but if lucas gave him a crack at episodes 1-3 , i think we 'd be looking at pure marketing gold . c'mon lucas , you know you ca n't resist any excuse to re-release yet another dvd version of your little sci-fi sextology . give the man a call .
ok folks , this is by far one of the best dvds i 've bought in quite awhile . you get so much for so little . first you get the original black and white movie . reefer madness is like the three stooges , black and white just adds to its charm . but to see it in color is quite a hoot . the smoke is purple and pink , the suits and dresses are loud , and the color scheme for mae 's apartment is just mind boggling . what more could you ask for ? well you get more anyway . when i discovered that mike nelson from mst3000 fame actually had narrating duty , i just had to buy reefer madness again . he 's hilarious . sure it would have been great for his two robot buddies to join in , but who knows , maybe someday . mike was right on the ball and i laughed out loud quite a few times . i never noticed before how much time the dope dealer spent making meals and eating . well if that was n't enough , we also get a short 15 minute film starring grandpa ganja . he 's a marijuana expert who 's been smoking pot for over 30 years . he quotes weed from the bible , convincingly explains how moses was a major dopehead , and also the disciples . not only do we get an indepth history on marijuana , he demonstrates how to roll a joint , smoke a bong , and other helpful hints on how to administer medical thc . the old man is hilarious on helpful hints as to buying and growing your marijuana . when they showed the real old dude throwing marijuana seeds over his fence and then harvesting pot in his neighbor 's yard i lost it . low brow pot humor true , but in any case i laughed my butt off . if you already have a black and white copy of reefer madness , it 's worth buying again to have this edition . it 's well worth it
this is one of the best movies i have ever seen , it has it all ; suspense , good acting , good story line , and without much violence . the plot is interesting , it keeps you guessing , and the suspense keeps you on the edge of your seat . great job hollywood , to all involved with this film , especially jodi foster
cary grant , audrey hepburn and a marvelous supporting cast that includes james coburn ( and a " killer " soundtrack by henry mancini ) deserve much better treatment than they get in this no-frills dvd with absolutely no special features . this comic murder mystery shows off its stars to their finest --in spite of a less than admirable film transfer . it 's all thanks to the great performances , tongue in cheek direction and witty screenplay . hopefully a better quality and enhanced dvd version will replace this one in your film library . nonetheless , " charade " remains a charming and timeless classic
up until now , " basic instinct " has always been that little movie in pop culture in which sharon stone uncrosses her legs and exposes her vagina for an instant . after watching this movie , that is exactly what i 'll remember it for . this movie is pop culture staple , it 's stupid and impossible to predict . as soon as you think you 've got it , you do n't , only to discover you do ; as we we see with the ending . the movie what critics refer to as " a bad movie " . and it is . however , people will forget " gandhi " the best picture winner of 1980 something before they forget this movie . if you label your dvd collection , this would definitley be in the " guilty pleasure " section where you would also find movies like " wild things " and " cruel intentions " . it 's a movie that has big stars , a big budget , and a stupid story . but this all works perfectly . oscar winner michael douglas ( best actor , wall street ) plays detective nick curran , an ex-alcoholic and smoker , who 's investigating the murder of a former rock star . the person believed to have commited the murder is catherine tramell ( stone ) , a novelist who 's novel has detailed the killing exactly . as nick discovers more about the case , he finds simalar incidences involving catherine and at the same time he begins an affair with her . probably not the best thing to do when you 're pretty damn sure she 's killing people with ice picks . the movie is packed with cliches and occasional bad dialouge that is only annoying sometimes . oddly enough , douglas and stone are perfect in their roles . stone catches the feroscity , sexuality , and glamour of catherine perfectly ; and douglas plays the vulnerable , yet tough cop perfectly , as well . i ca n't see another actor in any of these roles , which is one of the highest compliments i think an actor can recieve . while it looks like douglas made the smart decision by not returning for the sequel , i look forward to seeing stone playing catherine tramell again in the movie . so , film buffs who actually know what a best boy grip is probably wo n't like this movie ; but entertainment seekers will surely like it . and hell , if you do n't even care if it 's a good movie...the sex scenes are great . in reality : b- however , very entertaining : a-
i have a little brother who is 7 , and severely disabled , ( he 's on a 9 month old level ) not much catches his eye , but one day when he was throwing a tantrum , i put it on nick jr,and noticed he stopped crying when he heard the sound of the singing backyardigans . he could n't stop looking at the colorful animation.this show is a lifesaver ! it kept him entertained for the whole 30min . i 'd heard about the show from a friend,who has a 1 yr old who loves the show , and she told me to try it out . i took her advice and my brother loved it ! and as soon as i saw it on vhs , i bought it.he loves " the snow fort " , but his favorite is " the yeti " , he laughs the whole time the penguin sings " the yeti stomp " . i also bought him " it great to be a ghost " dvd for christmas.i recommend this for any little children , it works like a charm . [ ^ _ ^
this is the masterpiece of atheist spanish film director lu    s bu    uel . an unrelentless , devastating , unmerciful criticism of religion . yes , it can be viewed as a social satire , a political vehicle , etc . that 's what makes it a great film , that you can view it from different perspectives . to me the most valuable aspect of this film is the opportunity to see , as in a wide canvass , the soul and mind of this great atheist man . it is revealing that bu    uel took to the task of " proving " religion wrong and absurd with so intense passion and -i would even say- desperation . because no one is more desperate than he who searches and ca n't find . but , as unamuno would say to explain the angst of the author , it comes from seeking to believe with the reason and not with the life . the film depicts spain 's social condition pretty accurately in those mid-century years . unamuno explains this aspect ( though he wrote decades before bu    uel 's work ) as follows : " in france and spain there are multitudes who have proceeded from rejecting popery to absolute atheism , because 'the fact is , that false and absurd doctrines , when exposed , have a natural tendency to beget scepticism in those who received them without reflection . none are so likely to believe too little as those who have begun by believing too much . ' "  another important aspect of the film is the way he depicts the poor . helplessly incorrigible , lacking as much in money as in human virtues , and extremely ugly and repealing . it is very curious how bu    uel did not even allow any little space for sentimentality or candidness ; i mean , there is no hero or anything even close to it . it 's a terrible portrait of the human soul . i would say pessimistic , but i do n't think bu    uel would agree . he would probably prefer sincere or realistic . the symbolism is so evident that any private school kid could figure it out , so forcibly paired are the scenes with their objects of criticism . and trying to make it so evident ( and not as difficult as other of his surrealistic films ) evidences his intensity of feeling , his anger , his hatred of all that bu    uel despises , religion . and not only catholicism -it just happened to be spain- but universal religion . going back to the the poor in the film , bu    uel being a communist sympathizer , it is ironic that he does n't show even a little mercy with his poor . i think the rich young man is a more admirable figure than any of his other characters . the female protagonist , the nun who gives up her vows being used only as a tool , can not be expected to represent all nuns or all religious persons -it would be preposterous- . a case that in real life might happen isolatedly should not be used to prove a general rule . it is dishonest . but there is a correlation between his view of the economically poor and the christian view :  " for the poor you have with you always , but me you do not have always . " john 12 : 8  is n't there something of the same nature ? so how can one conception of the poor lead christians to love them nevertheless ( knowing that they will always be around ) , and the furious atheist/socialist to despise them ( maybe not to condemn them , because surely " society or the rich " would take the blame ) . well , that question is for everybody to meditate on . i wish people like bu    uel would give christ a chance . unamuno , another great spaniard , says : " note the greater part of our atheists and you will see that they are atheists from a kind of rage , rage at not being able to believe that there is a god . they are the personal enemies of god . " but -i say- how can you be an enemy of someone who does not exist ? however , this is a great and splendid work of art . but now , ending with a quote from rousseau : " where is the philosopher who would not willingly deceive mankind for his own glory ? with believers he is an atheist ; with atheists he would be a believer . the essential thing is to think differently from others . "  nevertheless , it moves !
i ordered this after seeing peggy on pbs doing yoga with a 97 year old woman . i 've got some lung problems and was looking for something low impact that i could do to help build my capacity . the dvd is great and easy to follow . peggy breaks the session down into three parts of twenty minutes , so you can do an hour or less as your schedule indicates . best of all , you work from a chair , so this is truly adaptable to any age and fitness level
this dvd shows shania 's potential as a serious musician . with alison krauss and union station as her back up here , she is simply riveting . too bad she is more interested in making a quick buck these days marketing herself as a pop star and making purely pop albums like " up ! " instead of making enduring popular country classics like " the woman in me " and " come on over " . maybe she 's living too well nowadays to make soulful music . get this dvd if you want to hear shania doing something good . 4 stars is for the short length of this dvd . we need at least 2 hours of this awesome music . not the 50 minutes which is on this dvd . that 's only enough time to drink 5 beers
you ca n't really call yourself a pauly shore fan unless you love son-in-law . and it 's hard not to love this movie . granted , it is prone to a bit of cheesiness , but this is what we both love and respect about pauly shore . becca is a fresh from the farm in south dakota , now in california at college and on her own for the first time . she misses her family and her jock boyfriend back home and feels like she does n't fit in . but crawl ( pauly shore , in perfect pauly form ) her resident advisor urges her to give college life one more chance before she goes home and shows her just how much fun being on your own in a new place can be . when the holidays roll around , crawl has nowhere to go and decides that frozen turkey dinners are just fine for thanksgiving , but becca insists he join her and her family in south dakota . crawl is the opposite of anything her family has ever seen and as if that 's not enough to make things silly , becca 's boyfriend tries to propose to her , but becca does n't want to get married yet and crawl announces to the family that he 's already proposed to becca . now absolute silliness takes over and it 's just so much fun from here on out . if you need something fun and funny to watch , give son-in-law a try . one of my all-time favorites in my collection of silly comedies . you 'll love it
naysayers have proclaimed this neglected gem as depressing and self-indulgent , but perhaps they are just scared of seeing a movie starlet get truly " real " and show us the ugly truths about celebrity . asia 's film would make a good double bill with dogville to make audiences realize the commonality between star worship and cannibalism . ms. argento pulls no punches--she splatters herself all over each frame , even introducing the film in a video prelude . she should be recognized as a hero , instead a lot of critics and viewers may think she is just being a self-pitying exhibitionist . but i bet if a man made this film , these selfsame critics would line up to praise it . obviously many self-proclaimed feminists ( of both sexes ) are still secretly terrified , turned-off and intimidated when a women dares to actually show her " real " self . they are all the more angry because their knee-jerk reactions remind them they are not as ready to hear the truly " liberated " female voice as they might like to think . i say asia has created something truly new with scarlet diva . it 's ahead of its time and will one day be recognized as the forerunner of a brave new kind of " chick flick .
my daughters ages 8 and 6 like the movie but my son who is 15 months really loves being able to watch all his sesame street friends in a movie
ok... this series is n't exactly like the final fantasy games , but the elements are there . for instance , you have chocobo 's , you have cactuar 's , you have the summoning of guardian forces ( which by the way look really cool ) , you have character 's which have too much power for their own good , and a journey . this journey is that of ai and yu 's search for their parents , where they are accompanied by lisa pacifist , a woman who possesses the cool power of kigen arts . during their journey , they see and do many wonderous things in wonderland ( i wont say anymore , i dont want to spoil too much of the plot ) . i have this product rated as 4/5 stars , but actually i think there it should be 4.5/5 stars . i really enjoyed this series , but i dock it .5 points because the time length adv gives the series to be is inadequate . they say it is total 625 minutes , where actually each episode is 22min 45 sec , thus 22.75 min * 25 = 568.75 minutes long total length of series . anywho , if you like final fantasy , i suggest watch this series
i rented terror train ( 1980 ) with a friend of mine about ten years ago and i remember after we watched it we were both like " is that it ? " not recalling what our criticisms of the film were at the time , but i decided to give it another chance , and you know what ? i liked it...i really did...i 'll grant you it 's not an outstanding feature , but the effort is there , resulting in an overall solid film . directed by roger spottiswoode ( the pursuit of d.b . cooper , turner & hooch , tomorrow never dies ) , the movie stars jamie lee curtis ( the fog , trading places , a fish called wanda ) , who , a couple years earlier , had appeared in a little horror feature you may have heard of called halloween ( 1978 ) . also appearing is ben johnson ( hang 'em high , red dawn ) , hart bochner ( breaking away , supergirl , die hard ) , derek mckinnon ( breaking all the rules ) , sandee currie ( terminal choice ) , timothy webber ( the hotel new hampshire ) , and david copperfield , who was at one time engaged to supermodel claudia schiffer but called it off as their relationship interfered with his work , earning himself a place in the ` what the f ? ' hall of fame . as the movie opens , it 's new year 's eve , and the boys at the sigma phi omega house are having a party . after a prank directed at one of the spaz fraternity pledges goes horribly wrong , we fast forward three years and see another new year 's eve bash in the offing , this time a costume affair taking place on an excursion train , hosted by doc ( bochner ) and mo ( webber ) , two of the fraternity brothers responsible for the prank that occurred three years ago . also in attendance is alana ( curtis ) , mo 's girlfriend , who was also involved in the prank , but not to the extent to being fully aware of what exactly doc and mo had planned , resulting in some bad blood between her and doc , who was essentially the ringleader ( and a real a-hole , to boot ) . anyway , turns out the nerdlinger who was the victim of the gag is now a dangerous , homicidal psychopath , has decided this a good opportunity to exact his revenge by sneaking on board the train and murdering all those who wrong him back in the day . actually , it was a pretty good move because not only is most everyone disguised in costumes , but they 're also stoned and/or drunk , and easy pickings . also , the trip is an all night deal with no place to stop , so once the fun begins , it wo n't end until it ends...eventually those on board learn there 's a killer among them ( after the corpses start piling up ) , but he could be disguised as anyone , so who 's to be trusted ? oh yeah , a magician played by david copperfield is also on board for the purpose of entertaining the rubes , performing his illusions ( never call them tricks as that really ticks him off ) . like i said , i liked this canadian produced movie , at least the 2nd time around . i 'm not sure what changed , other than the fact i 'm older , but i think i have a bit more appreciation for the effort put into developing the characters within the film . i believe this helped , especially in terms of jamie lee curtis ' character , as we saw she had real empathy for the kid who got tricked not so long ago ( apparently she tried to visit him after he ended up in the hospital ) , along with strong disliking for the person whom she saw responsible for the prank , that being doc , a self centered , manipulative type , mostly for his cruelty , but also because of the way he used her in his scheme . the result of all this was an effort to make us feel for curtis ' character in that maybe she did n't deserve the same fate as the rest , and it work , for me at least . the movie does fall within the ` slasher ' realm , but gore hounds will most likely be disappointed as there 's actually very little bloodletting violence . spottiswoode , in his directorial debut , instead seems to be focusing on the suspenseful build up , rather than on the visceral material normally present within the genre . i thought there was some very decent scares throughout the film...i did n't jump out of my seat or anything , but the movie did keep my attention . the goofy bits for me was how well the killer was able to keep his identity hidden , even after those on the train realized who was the one responsible for the killings . the story does throw around a red herring or two , but at one point , before his identity on the train is revealed , you should be able to discern which passenger he is...there was a definite sense of claustrophobia , as most of the film takes place on train that has only three or four cars , but then this also made the difficulty for those trying to find the killer seem all that much more , well , dumb . one element that did n't really help was the amount of time spent watching david copperfield perform his magic . his character , who seemed quite smarmy to me , did figure into the plot , but it just felt like his lengthy performances were included to help pad out a decent running time . i do n't mind magic , but i would have preferred there not to have been as much as there was since this was supposed to be a horror film . it was kind of funny , though , given how seriously he takes his craft , to see him stuck on an excursion train having to impress a bunch of drunken college kids . i did like the bit after the main conductor , played ben johnson , discovered the first body and attributes the death as being caused by ` some kid messed up on dope' . as far as ms. curtis , her presence here did help a lot , and probably resulted in quite a few seats being filled at the time of the movie 's release given her prominence of ` scream queen ' in the late 1970s/early 1980s ( she had all of three films out in 1980...this one , along with the fog and prom night ) . overall i found this to be a fairly engaging film , one that rises slightly above that of your run-of-the-mill slasher feature . the picture quality , presented in anamorphic widescreen ( 1.85 : 1 ) , looks decent enough , and the audio , available in both dolby digital mono and stereo comes across well . there 's really not much in the way of extras other than a theatrical trailer for the film and subtitles , available in both english and spanish . cookieman108
up until last years match point , crimes and misdemeanors was considered woody allen 's last great film . i 've only seen 3 woody allen films ( not counting match point ) that came out after c&m and before mp , but i 'd have to agree . crimes & misdemeanors is a film that ranks right up there with allen 's greatest work . films like the purple rose of cairo and annie hall . it 's a perfect blend of drama and comedy . in fact , match point was kind of a retread of this film . the drama without the comedy . this movie stars martin landau ( 'ed wood ' ) as judah rosenthal , an eye-doctor ( i do n't remember the term for one ) who 's been having an affair with a woman named dolores ( anjelica huston , 'buffalo 66 ' ) . problem is , he 's tried to break it off but dolores is n't having it . she 's , instead , threatened to expose his infidelity to his wife . he 's barely intercepted the letters . he looks to a patient , a rabbi ( sam waterston , 'the killing fields ' ) , for help...but it 's not working . when he turns to his mobster brother jack ( jerry orbach , 'law & order ' ) for help . jack suggests murder . judah reluctantly gives in . meanwhile , a filmmaker named cliff stern ( allen ) is tapped by his brother-in-law lester ( alan alda,'mahattan murder mystery ' ) to make a documentary special on him . cliff hates lester , but is n't getting work anywhere else . while working on it , cliff meets halley reed ( mia farrow , 'rosemary 's baby ' ) whom he falls for , despite being married . in typical woody allen style , the film is fueled mostly by conversations between the main characters . i liked his ploy of showing clips of old movies ( as a character was watching them ) that kind of went over what was occurring in his own movie . the movie is separated into comedy and drama , kind of like allen 's " melinda and melinda . " the drama part is the judah plot . the comedy is the cliff plot . although both of them drift into the other category occasionally . they both finally come together at the end . the movie simultaneously reminded me of match point and manhattan . the former for obvious reasons , the latter because the endings are similar in what happens to allen 's character . anyway , the acting is great of course . as is the dialogue , as always . there 's a lot of great one-liners ( " i have n't been inside a woman since i visited the statue of liberty " ) and some physical bits of humor as well . if you 're a fan of woody allen , you 'll definitely love it . grade :
this is such a fun movie to watch . it is so goofy and ridicualous and you never get tired of watching it . encino man and pauly shore is one of the reasons why the early 90s ruled . there are so many cool scenes in this like when stoney takes link to 7-11 and they cruise the aisles looking for some grindeage to munch on . and when they go to the mountian and ride the viper in reverse . and the drivers ed scene when link thinks it is rad mobile and he puts it up on two wheels and they end up at the bar with all the mexicans . " you see that girl muchacho . dont look at her ! " the prom scene was cool to , it had infectious grooves in it . they are a real band but that song was made for the movie . the singer and bass player are in suicidal tendencies and the bass player plays for metallica now . but anyways... yeah , this movie is totally radical . daves room is really cool to . i wish my room was that rad . the school looks cool too . i wish my high school was like that . i notice that whenever i watch something like this that was filmed in the early 90s everything seemed real bright and cheerful . am i crazy or has anyone else noticed this ? pauly shores punch lines and phrases never get old . they age like a fine wine... bud-dy .
i 've also reviewed the first two volumes but i honestly believe that volume three is the best . i plan on getting them all and have the entire series for the first time in my life but , if i had to pick a single best volume , it would be this one . from russia with love has the most solid cold war story of all the films and everyone is firing on all pistons . connery is bond in this one , making the character his own , and robert shaw and lotte lenya as the villians are among the best . on her majesty 's secret service is george lazenby 's only film and it remains a controversial entry in the series . myself , i loved it . diana rigg is awesome , the photography and editing are great , and the story feels like it has more meat on its bones than any other film . ( these first two films probably come closest to the ian fleming novels ) . live and let die is moore 's first appearance as bond . it has a hit paul mccartney & wings song and a 19-year-old jane seymour , along with a very charismatic villian in yaphet kotto . the boat chase is still thrilling and sheriff j.w . pepper is still hilarious . goldeneye is brosnan 's first appearance as bond and remains his best film . wonderful use of russian locales , particularly the " graveyard " of communist statues , and the deadliest bond girl since pussy galore . for your eyes only was an attempt to get back to better stories after the overblown epics of the seventies . so , as far as i 'm concerned , there is n't a bad one in the lot . like i said , i plan on getting them all--but this one looks like the best . enjoy
quality was as good or better as i could expect from vhs tapes from the 70 's , but loved the dvds.. . i did notice minor 10 second syncing problems with disk 1 .
the product produced a clear picture good sound it was like being back in 1975 and experiencing that world series for the first time . i enjoyed every minute of the games and interviews
if you are a dale jr fan,this dvd is for you ! ! i 'm a hardcore fan and i loved this.it shows the other side of dale off the track,him with his buddies and just hangin out.he lets you into his life which it pretty neat considering not many other drivers have done that.in the hidden footage you even get to see his cat bud which adorable ! ! ! he shows off his new home and the shop
i knew that i wanted this movie , but i had forgotten much of the plot . it is a pleasure to view this one and recall that movies could be humorous without being decadent ; that adventure could be portrayed without endless special effects or digital animation or dissonant " music " ; and that the more leisurely pace was relaxing : - ) suffice to say that both my wife and i found it very enjoyable ! the extra clips were fascinating background on making of the movie : one should not miss reviewing them . the effort spent on the aircraft alone added a considerable touch of reality
" stagecoach " is significant , along with " destry rides again " , for redefining the western for " adult " audiences . director john ford achieved that by emphasizing character developement over action though the film does contain some thrilling sequences . for sure the film does contain a number of western archetypes ( the gambler , the prostitute with a heart of gold , etc . ) but they transcend the stereotypes . " stagecoach " is also significant as the film that broke john wayne to mainstream audiences . wayne 's entrance as the ringo kid is the stuff of legends . there is not a bum performance in the impressive cast that includes the underappreciated claire trevor as the social pariah , dallas , and thomas mitchell as doc boone , for which he won an oscar . the film 's status as being historically significant is not debatable . as first class entertainment it is timeless
what do you get when you have rock the devil 's son and adam sandler playing the devil 's son ? you get little nicky.this is the strangest movie adam sandler has possibly ever played in . you have two of the devil 's sons who want to be the devil themselves and you have nicky the nice as can be son.the devil does n't think any of his children are good enough to take his place yet until he tells them otherwise.little nicky could care less but his two brothers are outraged.rioting and leaving hell.making it impossible for souls to enter or leave.all except for nicky.he must leave his do gooder life and head to earth and save his father and all the humans in general.having a left hell he now has only himself and a little dog companion ( beefy ) . nicky has to learn to live a humans life and capture his two twisted brothers in a mystical flask.balancing those two and the fact that he ca n't " release the evil " nicky finds himself dazed and confused.the movie had some really cool side characters like two rockers/satin enthusiasts.the music is awsome with some good old ac/dc and the comedy is actually funny.many say the jokes are kinda lame in this film i could n't find a reason to critique this movie otherwise.the extras are great featuring an in depth look at metal bands and rock in general . a must rent
this is a fun &quot ; art house&quot ; movie . fun because the script is tight and the acting top notch and you know from the start you are in the hands of a good director . just the kind of thing you want from a night at an art house : not a message movie like many such films but instead in-your-face film making - and three cheers for that . campbell scott plays the smooth player who tutors his nephew nick ( jesse eisenberg ) on how to get laid . the action takes place mostly in one night of bar and party hopping . this script is so good that any bar lizard could learn from the lines and strategy used by scott 's character . scott 's character is an accomplished and dedicated player who never sees the wrong in his ways and that is the delicious and honest part of the film . one review talked about the player venting his anger at women but my take was that he stayed in control the entire movie , venting naturally ( and within limits ) when he was thrown over by his boss/lover . like him or hate him , the player is a pro from beginning to end . the viewer has to decide whether he likes or dislikes women . in the final analysis what matters is how well campbell scott 's character plays the game and he is a rodger dodger in an age of politically correct repression . how refreshing ! five stars out of five
these were the first two with captain kirk . i have to admitt that i own all 40 volumes . yet i still may get the box sets . each episode runs for 50 minutes . longer than a 45 minute episode of the next generation , but shorter than the unaired 63 minute pilot ; the cage
read between the lines , stephane is nuts about her , and totally paralyzed . this reminds me of remains of the day . everything is inside , screaming to get out . but there we are , tension city , with nothing to do but yell at the screen , " do something ! ! ! kiss her ! ! .. " the emotional tension is as tight as the violin strings in the background ! vive la repressione !
that special team is gone , those players have mostly moved on , but " we 'll always have 2004 " . great way to relive the fun , the hope and the victories . for every diehard fan .
the postman always rings twice is the epitome of how sublime the film noir genre can be . the story of a seductive young woman who goads the handsome hired-hand into murdering her much older husband . based on the novel by james m. cain and boasting the stylish performances of lana turner and john garfield , this film was ensured of becoming an instant classic . over half a century later , we are still singing it 's praises . from lana turner 's memorable entrance as cora smith ( clad entirely in white and smouldering like a stack of burnt tyres ) , the audience is taken on a rollercoaster of thrills . the drifter frank chambers ( garfield ) is so completely infatuated that murder can be as easy as picking up a lipstick case . cecil kellaway , karl malden and hume cronyn co-star . the new dvd from warners includes a fantastic documentary about john garfield , plus still-galleries and trailers . technical details : aspect ratio : 1 : 37 : 1 ( fullscreen ) single-sided , dual-layer disc snapper case audio : english ( mono ) , french ( mono ) , german ( mono ) , spanish ( mono ) subtitles : english , french , german , spanish , portugese , dutch , danish , icelandic , croatian , slovenian , hungarian , swedish , czech , greek , polish , romanian , arabic , english ( hearing impaired ) , german ( hearing impaired
you ca n't wipe murder off our hands ; well perhaps you can , especially if you 're like the two main protagonists in the postman always rings twice , an absolutely marvelous movie of dark despair and foggy , murky paranoia . based on the novel by james m. cain , the movie is all about the terrible consequences that can result from unchecked desire and obsession . the sexy john garfield stars as frank chambers , a tough , enigmatic drifter from san francisco who arrives in the small california town of twin oaks . frank 's a pretty rough and tumble sort of guy ; he 's a little lazy and a bit of a con artist , but he 's decent enough and soon he gets offered a job in a diner run by nick smith ( cecil kellaway ) . nick is very eager to employ frank , but frank initially hesitates , that is , until he meets nick 's much younger wife , cora smith ( a gorgeous lana turner ) . cora is a blonde bombshell , a real knockout , first appearing in front of frank in skimpy shorts , she 's even photographed from the legs up . cora is a teasingly sexy femme fatale , rolling her lipstick towards him in a hesitant dance of seduction , perhaps a promise of what is to come . the sexual attraction is almost immediate , and as the tension steadily builds , they begin a clandestine affair , taking moonlit swims together , while the affable nick remains totally unsuspecting of what 's going on . soon cora confesses to frank that she does n't love her husband and she that married nick to give her a sense of security . desperately in love , the two decide to run away together by hitching , but cora decides she does n't want to start life again with nothing and returns to the diner . by this time , frank ca n't get cora out of his head , and with both of them feeling ever more trapped , they decide to arrange an accident for her unsuspecting husband . but their plan does n't quite work ; the situation becomes even worse when the local da ( leon ames ) catches onto them and their evil schemes . the plot takes many twists and turns as cora and frank try to outmaneuver the law , nick , and also a pair of unscrupulous lawyers who are intent to see the sultry couple double-cross and sell out on each other . despite the imposition of strict censorship laws , the postman always rings twice bubbles over with passion , even though much of the sensuality is suggested . and because the censors would n't allow any sex or violence , the filmmakers had to imply what was going on , so the film projects an undercurrent of barely disguised passions , sexuality , and murder . the censorship restrictions also make the performances of garfield and turner that much stronger . relying on sharp dialogue and facial expressions , the actors manage to weave a gorgeous sensual dance together , both lighting up the screen and creating two of the most smolderingly complex characters ever seen in film . the postman always rings twice is a classical noir tale of love that just goes disastrously wrong . lust , deceit , lies , and betrayal inevitably result because the two star-crossed lovers just ca n't let go of each other and are trapped by their desires . cora is dreadfully insecure and wants something in life that has always eluded her . and frank is too caught up in his feelings for cora to see reason ; he 's just too weak-minded to see how warped his judgment has become . the postman always rings twice was remade in 1981 with jessica lange and jack nicholson in the lead roles . i 've never seen it , but hearsay suggests that , although it is much steamier ( minus the restrictive censorship laws ) , this version is still far superior , even after all these years . with its edgy character development , it 's stylish photography , and with turner and garfield as the leads , it is indeed a terrific film and remains a verifiable masterpiece of hollywood film noir . mike leonard july 05 .
i was reluctant to watch " almost famous " because i figured it would be chock full of hype...but for some reason i decided to finally sit down and watch this story...and i 'm glad i did . i thought this was a very well told story about the excesses of rock and roll music , music journalism , fandom and groupies . most movies on this topic tend to be overly cynical or over romanticized , and i appreciated that it was done from such an honest perspective . i especially appreciated the line spoken by one of the old-timer band-aides while she was looking at the new girls so scornfully.. .  " they do n't even know what it is to be a fan . you know , to truly love some silly little piece of music , or some band , so much that it hurts... "  although i am not , and never have been a groupie by any stretch of the imagination i am an avid rock/pop music aficionado , i thought that line in the movie captured the spirit and sentiment of die-hard fandom perfectly.. . i liked the way cameron crowe humanized the groupies...sure some groupies and regular fans are definitely delusional , but many of them do have goals apart from sleeping with rock stars...and they do have feelings , just like anyone else...and i thought he demonstrated that well when developing the characer of " penny lane . " i can remember when back in the 70s , groupies were " little celebrities " themselves...so sersonally , i do n't think that people should label them as tramps or judge them too harshly...besides , who knows...maybe someone you know or may be related to may have a " sweet little secret " they 've been keeping along these years ? it was the 70s after all...some of those rockers got around...and some apparently ordinary girls did too...fact : some of those gals just did what many of us wished we could do...and they were for the most part honest about it.. .  at any rate , the music used in the movie is just awesome ! it sure was fun to hear " go all the way " by the raspberries as well as " tiny dancer " by elton john . how could you not sing along to that 70s classic ? now that i 've been reading the reviews about the " bootleg " director 's cut , i 'm going to have to watch that one , too .
best men surprised me very much ; i was n't expecting such a delightful , if a little bit depressing , movie . directed by tamra davis with a keen eye on characterization and humor , this movie is one of those you smile most of the time , and have a good time with its surreal and zany plot . luke wilson plays jesse , a convict getting out of prison after a theft , and who is getting married to his sweetheart , hope ( drew barrymore ) . along for the ride are his best friends ( dean cain as a former green beret , who is gay ; mitchell whitfield as the lawyer saul , who was wilson 's lawyer ; andy dick as the nerdy teddy , who is in a bad marriage ; and sean patrick flannery , who plays billy and is secretly the philanthropic bank robber known as hamlet because he spouts off lines from the play when he robs the banks . billy does n't tell his buddies that he 's planning on robbing a bank before the wedding , but one thing leads to another and all the men are holed up in the bank with the local sheriff ( fred ward ) who also happens to be billy 's father ! soon , the inevitably nasty fbi comes in , headed by the sadistic and cold agent , played with malevolent glee by the durable and dependable raymond j. barry ( dead man walking , the chamber ) . the movie moves from some very humorous scenes to a devastating finale . this dramedy works because the performances are top notch and the script while manipulative is honest . brad dourif gives one of his best performances since " cuckoo 's nest " as the mentally challenged vietnam vet . fred ward , dean cain , sean patrick flannery and mitchell whitfield are also excellent . it 's the best work i 've seen cain do . the movie entertained me immensely , and i would recommend it to audiences who enjoy a dramatic comedy ! or is it a comic drama ? cheers
what happens when you title a movie " mind the gap " and lead the credits with alan king ? few people under seventy become interested . but this is a great movie about life , relationships , and " the gap " . jill souble is darn cute , and the overall acting good to great . king did his usual pro job too
just as i remember it when it first came out in the eightys . good movie but got little recognition , my wife who is 10 years younger than i had never heard of it , but was impressed
no , he does n't . angel heart centers around a down in the dumps private detective , harry angel and lou cyphere , obviously the devil . well , not obvious to me at first...ha ! the only bad part about this movie is the fuss people made over it . the voodoo dance scenes were apparently fairly in keeping with tradition . voodoo practioners had a problem with this movie centering around a " devil " character since there is no devil figure in voodoo . however...the devil character has very little attachment to the voodoo practices , it just happens to be how the devil got involved with johnney ( the missing crooner ) . mickey rourke is stellar in this movie..bonet is enchanting...deniro is flawless . worth owning !
this was much , much better than i expected it to be . a real tear jerker . if i was to let myself cry , this movie would 've been it , not " the joy luck club " . andy garcia surely deserved an oscar nomination . he was simply great . i was not a big fan of his , but here he clearly impressed me . of course , he was also terrific in " the godfather part 3 " . meg ryan was effective , but still a little too cutsey , with the same mannerisms she uses in all her films . but the two daughters were outstanding , especially the older one , played by tina majorino , who appears to be about 7 or 8 . also , the look of the film , set in san francisco , is good , especially the interiors of their house . garcia really seems to care about ryan . this movie is about love , and how it does n't always carry the day with alcoholics . i also liked the fact that this movie picks up in the middle of things , they 've been married and had a kid ( you do n't learn til much later that he is not the older kid 's dad ) , and we see her drink a lot . they do n't start with how they fell in love , or even attempt to explain why she 's an alcoholic . smart
robert preston is the best professor hill . this is definitely a classic keeper you want in your collectio
i 'm not going to try to get all the characters names right in yi yi . and there are a lot of characters , an extended family and various lovers and children . taiwan is a modern , impressive city , a place rarely seen on american television or film . i might be looking at manhattan rather than taipei . the computer engineer 's family , the wife with spiritual emptiness , the teen daughter involved in her first serious sexual activity , the grandmother on life support , and the eight-year old son teased to exhaustion by little girls , they live in a high-rise condominium over a raised superhighway . then there 's the ner-do-well brother-in-law , so superstitious that he marries his pregnant wife only on a chinese lucky day . his old girlfriend shows up at the wedding to raise hell . she returns at the babies chinese confirmation for more of the same . a fight breaks out , kicking little men and screechy women . our engineer had walked away from a young love , and while wife is with the monks , he renews the relationship on a business trip to tokyo . he is in love . so is she , but , i ca n't tell you what happens without giving away this poignant part of the plot . engineer 's daughter is having a rather unusual fling as well . i 've left out a ton of information as this film was close to three hours long , but watch the beautiful cinematography of edward yang , and his brilliant pacing . one thinks it is real life .
` ben-hur ' released in '59 is an inspirational tale of betrayal and revenge , love and endurance , forgiveness and redemption played out amidst the backdrop of the last years of jesus christ 's earthly ministry . plot : judah ben-hur ( charleton heston ) , a wealthy jew living in the holy land is falsely accused of crimes against rome and sent off to spend the rest of his days as a slave on a roman galley . his estate is confiscated , his mother and sister thrown into prison . his accuser is a roman officer named messala ( stephen boyd ) , judah 's best friend since childhood . judah survives the hardships of slavery , gains his freedom and eventually becomes the adopted son of a powerful and wealthy roman reagent . providence certainly appears to be guiding judah 's path . however judah 's heart is filled with hate for messala . he can not forgive or forget what he and rome has done to him and his family . he returns home in an attempt to restore what he has unjustly lost and avenge himself against his old friend . winner of 11 academy awards 'ben-hur ' is truly an epic among epics . the massive backgrounds and sets will take your breath away , but the true beauty and strength of this film is found in the story it tells and the incredible cast that brings this story to life . the most memorable scenes in ` ben-hur ' are the intimate moments , the quiet conversations , the longing glances . my personal favorite moment is when judah finds himself falling hopelessly in love with esther ( haya haraeet ) one of his house slaves . while granting her freedom so she may be free to leave his service and marry , he places her slave ring on his own finger as a symbol of his undying love for her . if you do n't have a copy of ben-hur in your dvd library , you do n't have a dvd library
when i am watching a 1984 sci-fi movie , i am not expecting to see an oscar calibur portrail full of twists and turns . some may call it predictible , but myself i feel that the story flowed and made sense . too many times have i seen a movie wher its certainly unpredictable because the plot climax comes out of nowhere . tom sellek plays the part well and is very believeable as a hardened and some what cynical cop . gene simmons in one of his only noteworthy film performances takes his kiss type persona and plays the evil genius well . i for one enjoyed this movie alot , and unlike blade runner did n't find myself watching it 5 times to understand the very shallow story line . if you are looking for a believeable near future story , pick this up
house of strangers is a cautionary film about the dangers of hatred being passed onto the next generation almost as if hatred were an old and unwelcome pair of shoes . edward g.robinson is gino moretti , a self-made banking magnate who built his fortune as a ruthless moneylender who chose not to observe the usual niceities about observing normal banking regulations concerning records and collateral . in his over the top performance as an italian who might have been vito coreleone had the don chosen to go straight , robinson is a totally self-centered egomaniac who comes off more as a smug biblical patriarch holding court over his captive family than he does the old-world banker who believes that his money gives him rights that transcend filial obligations . it is hard to like him as he rips into his four sons , insulting each of them in ways that undercut whatever sense of independence and goodness that otherwise might have been there . it is only max ( richard conte ) , who can see,if only belatedly , the vision of his father . and even max learns that he must purge himself of the bitter dregs of poison and animosity that afflict his brothers . max can not do this alone ; he requires the understanding first of maria ( debra paget ) then later helen ( susan hayward ) , both of whom act as leavening agents that continually remind him of the goodness that each is sure lies within . gino moretti is truly a vicious inverted father figure in whose futile bleatings to his ungrateful sons , " who do you think i built this bank for ? " generates no pity in them but rather a sense of loss in us that he probably heard the same empty words from his father . the difference between the utter tragedy that this film was just a hairsbreath away from and the modest sense of optimism that it does end with is probably no more than what may , in similar real-life situations , have emerged . what goes around truly comes around , and house of strangers continually reminds us of the truism of that cliche
before anything else , i agree with those who say that keaton 's shorts are all good ; but i strongly disagree with those who say that they are better than his better features . what usually happens with comedy is that people sit down before the screen and just say : ok , make me laugh . keaton 's features are funny -but they are also , and more important , beautifully shot , superbly acted and perfectly structured -which is something only the best actors/directors can put all together . there are no cheap sets like in most movies of the 20 's . keaton 's characters move in the real world , with real things , and that 's part of what makes them lasting and unique . in your shelves , keaton should n't share his place with the marx brothers , but with orson welles ( who called the general the best movie ever made about the civil war ) and martin scorsese ( who said he watched over and over the final fight in battling butter -which , by the way , is not supposed to make you laugh , but to surprise you with it 's realism )  now , this are the complete contents of this dvd set . aside from it , you should check out the buster keaton collection , which includes the cameraman , spite marriage and free and easy - and then you are done . well , you could also read the only book he wrote -my wonderful world of slapstick . ( june '06 update : " industrial strength keaton " ( dvd ) just came out . the set includes rare industrial films , promotional films , commercials , tv appearances and outtakes . )  the saphead : 1920 includes the shorts one week ( 1920 ) and the high sign ( 1920 )  the three ages year : 1923 including the goat ( 1921 ) and my wife 's relation ( 1922 ) . our hospitality / sherlock , jr . year : 1923/1924  the navigator year : 1924 includes shorts the boat ( 1921 ) and the love nest ( 1923 ) . go west year : 1925 includes the scarecrow ( 1920 ) and the paleface ( 1921 ) . seven chances year : 1925 shorts : neighbors ( 1920 ) & the balloonatic ( 1923 )  battling butler year : 1926 includes the haunted house ( 1921 ) and frozen north ( 1922 ) . the general year : 1926 shorts : the playhouse ( 1921 ) and cops ( 1922 )  college year : 1927 includes the electric house ( 1922 ) , hard luck ( in this version the ending is missing ; but the complete version is found in the disc called keaton plus ) ( 1921 ) and the blacksmith ( 1922 ) . steamboat bill , jr . year : 1928 shorts : convict 13 ( 1920 ) and daydreams ( 1922 )  keaton plus year : 1920-2001 color home movies , complete short hard luck , two shorts from the 30 's , commercials , tv shows and appearances . but best of all , orson welles talking about keaton and the general
i love agressive ski videos that just kick [ ... ] , and storm just rips . no stupid bikini skiing or inner tube follies ( that i can remember ) just great skiing superbly shot with an awesome soundtrack . my neighbors can hear me when i play this . they think i have a screw loose .
as a moderate skiier , and a filmmaker myself , this hits it home for me . warren miller films are always shown locally , and there 's hardly anything imaginable that could make me miss his new movie every year . not being a heavy metal fan , historically the music tends to be distracting , alas this ( past ) year 's edition " storm " had just the right amount of pizazz and flare to make it my favorite yet . there are moments nearly every year that i take home with me , but storm was filled with the most amazing skiing , some of the most unique locations , and might add the most exhilarating editing i 've seen in quite a while ! kudos to you folks ! if you can appreciate the splendor of mountain island skiing that harldy anyone on earth has even seen , let alone skiied , then this dvd will certainly expediate your plans for skiing this coming season . you might not go to south georgia island , but there 's plenty of skiing nearby...just roadtrip and split a cabin :
this recommendation is for the uncut version of leon - the professional . a well crafted , tightly edited , excellent story that makes you wonder where the time went when the end credits roll . an action film that can be appreciated by those who generally do n't care for the genre , the character interpretation and interactions alone are worth it . if you 're looking for something worthwhile to watch , check this one out
luc besson 's " the professional " raises the stakes of besson 's playful women-with-guns theme by making the heroine a 12-year-old , played by a then unknown natalie portman . in " the making of the professional " besson says " if i imagine somebody in the street try to knock on my daughter , i kill the guy , in five seconds . i kill him , and i think " it 's in me , i 'm a beast ! " on this part we ca n't forget that a part of us , the genetic things inside are much , much older than the ten commandments " . he certainly uses visceral scenes to create very strong emotion in the movie - the blood running from mathilda 's nose or stansfield 's unforgettable " everyone ! " are just a couple of examples . the music and the sound are good and are used in a masterly fashion - you can hear fat man 's heart beating desperately or a low claustrophobic sound when stansfield turns to look at mathilda 's father . leon however does not work only on this primary level ; it also has an intelligent story . it may seem to be almost a fairy-tale , but do n't be fooled - just like his character besson is serious . this movie has a message : without love we are dead , even if we do n't see it . only true love give meaning to our lives : " everything else reminds me a big yogurt : warm and rancid " as mathilda says in the original script , which is available on the net under the name leon version 1 . is this true in " real life " ? i do n't know but this movie can make you wonder . then of course there 's the sensuality . it 's hypocritical to deny it ; the camera interacts with mathilda in a mesmerizing fashion . it 's not sick and it 's not degrading : its art , subtle and beautiful . leon is not perfect but it has so many great moments that all its flaws can be forgiven . it 's a movie that really should not be missed , unless you are concerned with its amorality . and do n't be - leon is less violent than many action movies and the unusual relationship between the main characters is handled mostly with genuine feeling and tact .
love shelly long movies , and bette midler too . this is very enjoyable and funny . was thrilled to have found a copy on amazon .
i love this movie . i ca n't go an entire day without watching it . one time i was in the audience of leno . whenever the camera panned over us , i waved a copy of this pleasure in front of it while yelling about how funny this riot is . ahh , funny i remember the part where that one guy has to itch his balls . just thinking about it makes me tingle with anticipation ! ! ! rent this movie or you will not see it . buy it or forever hold your peace
royal wedding has been a favorite in the fred astaire canon ever since it was released 54 years ago . astaire and jane powell turn in some of their best perfromances in this film , and astaire 's dance on the ceiling ( " you 're all the world to me " ) is classic . the score , by burton lane ( of finian 's rainbow fame ) and alan jay lerner ( future lyricist of my fair lady ) is unbeatable . i need not comment further on the film 's merits--it speaks for itself . the film is now in the public domain and , unfortunately , nearly all vhs and dvd releases of such films are deplorable at best . that is not so in this case . the dvd i 'm commenting on here is from goodtimes dvd ( edition 05-81171 ) , and i must say that the transfer looks pretty darn good for a pd film . the picture is clear , for the most part , and although there are some minor color shifts and age-related artifacts present , they do not distract . colors are fairly bold and are well defined . the soundtrack is pretty clear and sounds fine . there are no extras . i have a very old 1980s copy of the vhs tape from mgm/ua home video and also a vhs dub i did off turner classic movies two years ago , and honestly , this dvd looks better than both . it is about as good as we can expect for a pd film that has not been restored from original elements . goodtimes is often better than most in their releases of pd films--it could be a lot worse . warner home video , which controls video/dvd release rights to the rest of the old mgm library , has not given us a studio dvd release of royal wedding as yet , and as far as i know none is in the works . if you want royal wedding on dvd , i absolutely recommend this goodtimes dvd release--it is probably the best one you 'll find , is at a very good price , and comes in very nice packaging . recommended
we all make mistakes in relationships , things we wish we could relive , do over . this movie investigates the dynamics of one love relationship . we go through two sceneros . the first gives one the chance to live over a stituation , correcting all the mistakes he thinks he has made . this movie will keep you guessing . you 'll experience the true deep feelings of love one couple have for one another . these feelings end in the ultimate sacrifice for love . the soundtrack is excellent . i only wish we could buy it . hewitt really is an underrated music artist . her vocals shine and give depth to the movie . this is a five star movie , more than a tv movie , watch it some rainy sunday afternoon , it will make you believe in love again .
i have watched this movie four times now , and every time at the end of the movie i am crying like a baby.... . it 's so sad ! ! ! but still so good
sexy , funny , and addictive . i ca n't wait to buy season 3
i think this is the best of the monty python movies , although i love them all . this edition has lots of extra features , like a documentary on the monty python guys made during the filming of this movie - i learned lots of things i did n't know about them . overall i could n't be happier
there 's only one word to describe this movie : suhweeeeeeeet ! despite the dozens of imitators , bloodsport was the first and best of its kind . from the classic training sequence where young frank dux masters the martial arts ( and receives the katana he coveted as a boy ) , to the motley group of tournament fighters with their goofy fighting techniques , to the repeated chanting of " ku-mi-te ! ku-mi-te ! ku-mi-te ! " on the pounding soundtrack , there 's hardly a moment that wo n't have you pumped and calling for more . the only parts that do n't quite work are the chase scenes and a young forest whittaker , who seems not to have completely understood what sort of production he was appearing in . but they do n't detract from the main attraction : bone-crushing , blood-spattering beatdowns , and plenty of 'em . this is a quintessential guys ' movie , and if you have n't seen it , you owe it to yourself to check it out
this 1988 gore film ( i ca n't call it anything else since it 's not a horror film in the classic sense ) features an ensemble of treat williams { most notably from the &quot ; substitute&quot ; series of movies } and comedian joe piscopo , known for his years on saturday night live and stand-up comedy impersonating the likes of frank sinatra and david letterman among others . the two play cops , williams is roger and joe is his partner , doug . the back of the vhs gives a detailed description of the film , plus two pictures of some of the scenes in the movie . lindsay frost plays the stereotypical &quot ; innocent&quot ; woman caught up in everything that 's going on around her...but the corpse of the situation deals with roger getting shot and coming back to life . he must solve a case within so many hours or he 'll turn into ashes...and as the hours progress , naturally we start to see his body fall apart literally . darren mcgavin plays the part of an evil doctor . vincent price plays in a scene or two , and he 's revealed to be the mastermind behind the resurrection room at the dante lab { he plays a guy named loudermilk who everyone thinks is dead } . the movie is gory and off-beat , and it succeeds in being a good parody of the lethal weapon 'buddy cop ' films even though it probably was n't intended to be the first time around but that 's the way i view it and on that point the movie is great . i give it four stars because of the gore and my personal dislike for gory/slasher films...but those who like that kind of film will love this one . it 's not so hard-core gore and so stomach turning it ca n't be seen several times...like many of the texas chainsaw films are...but &quot ; dead heat&quot ; is gory compared to other action films of this era starring charles bronson , clint eastwood , or mel gibson . i give it 4 stars for the story , cast , and acting...minus 1 star for the gore factor
i thought this dvd set was halarious ! i was hoping it would n't be the case where i saw it before , and remembered it to be funnier than it really was . but that was not the case . it truely was one of the funniest seasons of a comedy show i 've ever seen ! i wonder if the cast has some sort of deal with sprite , though , because you see so many current and former cast members from this show , in those commercials for sprite . anyone care to comment on this ? my favorite skits are probably the movie satires , and the one with michael jackson doing an infomercial is halarious ! i also like the rap video , with ice cube in prison , doing a song about acting , etc . just phenomenally halarious ! mc white said : check it out ! !
i 'm a big fan of roseanne , so it was no surprise to me that the halloween edition would n't be great . tina
this show was excellent in every aspect . i was captivated from the opening number and stayed glued to my tv until the closing credits . it was so fun to see the entire osmond clan decked out in their holiday finest having such a wholesome and lighthearted good time . i especially enjoyed seeing debbie , donny 's wife sing a duet with donny . and the other wives put on a musical extravaganza as well . there was even a guest appearance by the osmond grandparents . i would recommend this dvd to anyone who wants to really enjoy an old fashioned christmas special . there is a mixture of traditional christmas songs , some uptempo numbers , and even some spiritual songs included . a particularly poignant segment included little brother jimmy singing a song out in the snow . i 'd never seen the two lesser-known older brothers before but they were in the middle of everything on this particular show . one of the best christmas specials i 've seen in a long time . it made me wish that i was part of their family . after watching this i 'm more convinced than ever that i am the fat osmond who mother osmond abandoned in the hospital only to be adopted by some nice folks here in the pacific northwest
my daughter is 17 months old , and next to rock and roll , this is probably her least favorite of the sesame street movies ( and we have a lot of them ) . if your child is like mine and likes the characters she sees a lot of on sesame street ( elmo , ernie , cookie , grover , etc . ) , they might not be as interested in this one ( although elmo is the cohost of the awards show with herry ) . it is nice to see the monsters that do n't get a lot of play , though . herry monster is in about half of the songs . it is worth it if you do n't have any videos with monster in the mirror ( also on rock and roll ) , fuzzy and blue ( on sesame street 25th anniversary ) , or c is for cookie ( on several of the dvds ) .
one of the best films i have seen : captures the lack of humanity and humanity of this world simaltaneously . humanises conflict . has the ability to make you laugh and cry . draws attention to the plight of children and humanises the children of the middle east . i would recommend this film to everyone with a conscience as essential viewing . having said that , it did plunge me into depression so perhaps i should urge caution
i really enjoy this workout , with the dvd i can do over the workout phase without having to rewind like with the vhs . i originally wore out about 3 of her vhs workouts from rewinding and using again . that makes it twice as much as you would just rewinding them once
standard elmo - nothing special , but still a good video
this movie was obviously weak in many ways , one of them being the acto
" the master " at acting like a conceited prat ! a " master " at complicating a simple situation with self-righteous , snotty , santimonious drivel while making fun of people who he deems are intellectually inferior to his royal self by twisting their ideas and words around to suit his assault on them . he seems somewhat taken with alan price who was there to 'brown-tongue ' .. or maybe alan had nothing else better to do , because he had just been fired from the animals . price did get drunk and throw a glass out onto the street much to the annoyance of zimmerman... he also opened a bottle of beer on a piano keyboard taking a chip out of the instrument showing total lack of respect for other people 's property . i guess obnoxious prats stick together , huh ? we see dylan take every opportunity to make fun of donovan , and we also see dylan 's manager , albert grossman , trying to extort every last penny he can from british tv networks as he lies and plays them off , one against the other , in order to get himself and dylan a few extra pounds.. . finally there are about 6 musical ( musical ? ? it is to laugh ! ! ) numbers from zimmy... alone on stage with his guitar , huffing'n'puffing into his harmonica , and achieving little more musical sense out of his efforts than lou reed did on his metal machine music debacle....oh yeah , and do n't forget joan baez ! better still , forget joan baez ! ! well worth a look .
another jean-claude van damme classic,tw0 jean-claudes ? which is good ? whos the wimp ? just watch the movi
i need to preface this review with the comment that i am not a john wayne fan . however " the searchers " is often said to be the duke 's best movie . and it is clear from here that he was no cardboard cut out actor and , if anything , his real talents were underused in his career . still " the searchers " is a classic and deserves to be better known . the 50th anniversary edition is a must for any collector . the restored print for the dvd is excellent . just what you want to watch john ford 's gorgeous monument valley location shots . the " extras " disk is also excellent . there are three good documentaries all of which were made with thought and genuine concern . a change from all those " afterthought " dvd extras . one documentary features interviews with martin scorsese and another some great shots of the film production camp in monument valley in the early 1950s , before it was on the tourist trail . the documentaries would be of interest to serious film students and even amateur sociologists , they illustrate the many serious social issues " the searchers " deals with , and takes a serious and humane point of view on , without preaching . a lesson i suppose for today 's " socially concerned " film makers , they really need to focus on the film making and the story first . john ford did and the message is powerful and still relevant today
even though it tends to drag and the abuse gets a bit repetitive , this is by far the best adaptation of the famous british navy story . gable and laughton are perfect for their respective roles and the period is brilliantly displayed . i 'm not a huge gable fan . this and gone w/ the wind are abt all i like him in
if you loved this movie , try 50 first dates . the surprising chemisty from drew and adam continues in that movie . i love the humor and the 80s clothes ! ! : -
a solid series until the end . even though this season the deaths are not important it centers more on the families . it was sad to see the serise end but it is probably the series finale ever .
what 's not to like about richard farnsworth ? he was one of the few actors that received nothing but compliments during his acting days , an extremely likable " old man . " hey , few people every remember seeing this guy as anything but old , since he spent his younger days as a stuntman , rather than as an actor . so , he was a very good choice to portray a likable thief : bill miner , the last of the stagecoach and train robbers . " the gentleman bandit , " i believe , was his label . this is a nice low-key adventure , with almost no bad language and the british columbia and washington state scenery is absolutely gorgeous . it would look great on widescreen dvd . what 's the holdup ? ( pun intended )  the only bad news of this tale is the usual filmmakers ' twisted message to root for a man who simply was a crook , nothing else . the film also - especially to get the younger audience - needs more action . it will be too slow for them , but i liked it , if for no other reason that i can listen to farnsworth 's voice all night . what a " cool " guy he was , and it ' 's always a pleasure to see him on screen .
to anchor bay entertainment : if you release the grey fox on dvd we 'll buy it ! this is truly a great film . five stars is as good as it gets . can you ask for more incentive than that ?
few days ago , i watched the documentary " z channel : a magnificent obsession " ( 2004 ) about a channel that had brought the great and unavailable anywhere else films to its 100 , 000 lucky subscribers in la in 70s - 80s . while enjoying the clips from many foreign and independent movies that were the best part of documentary , i was able to recognize the movie that i saw many years ago in moscow and still remember well , i could not only recall the title . i remember that the movie was dutch , very erotic - in the raw , brutal , twisted yet beautiful and passionate way . watching " z channel... " i was happy to instantly recognize " turks fruit " ( 1973 ) aka " turkish delight " made by paul verhoeven in 1973 . i checked with netflix , the movie was available ; i bumped it up in my queue and just finished watching it . my memory served me well - verhoeven 's early film is as naturalistic , earthy , brutal , erotic , humorous , poetic , poignant , and captivating as i remember it . based on the novel by jan wolker , " turkish delight " stars young , hot , very sexy ( and i mean it - very sexy ) rutger hauer as a bohemian free spirited and often cruel sculptor eric and even younger monique van de van as his wife olga , child-like yet as sensual as eric was , " the light of his life , the fire of his loins " . the film that describes their stormy relationship has become the most financially successful holland 's film that was nominated for an academy award for best foreign language film and was proclaimed by jan wolker a " 75 % masterpiece " . there are not very many directors in the world that can create the atmosphere of raw sensuality as well as verhoeven ( of his dutch period , especially ) . verhoeven is known for uncompromising approach to his work , fiery temperament , and aggressive movie-making . joe ezsterhaus who worked with verhoeven on two films said about him : " the guy is like his movies : brilliant , mercurial , very daring , perverse , a wonderful series of paradoxes and contradictions... " " the turkish delight " is all that and i love it but i can understand how its graphic sexuality , more than one disgusting and revolting scenes ( but they had to be in the movie ) and crude behavior may put off a lot of viewers . be prepared , " turkish delight " is delightful but it is very intense and often not easy to watch .
if there was ever a movie that exposed the hypocrisy and meanness in people , this would be it ! mrs. o'hara , beautifully played by mia farrow , does n't trust edwina , the new beauty that 's come to town . the two battle it out , with edwina coming out the loser in the end . or does she ? if i said any more , i 'd be spoiling the story . just watch this movie , and enjoy . things are never what they seem , and i promise the ending will be worth staying for
he highlights the concepts very well , for example the chapter on ball striking , i never knew this concept in 2 years of playing golf . must watch , this dvd is made of several small chapters that have meaningful titles , therefore on the second viewing u can jump to the chapter that requires repeat viewing
this movie was not only subject to some good acting by some great actors , it was also a well written tale of of young woman who grew up too soon . i feel like i know miss holiday a whole lot better now
ladyhawke is a big step ahead of most fantasy flicks . it seems to have all the usual bits : knight on a mysterious quest , lovable thief , and a loving couple under a vicious curse . even these ordinary pieces rise above ordinary in this film , due largely to the outstanding cast : - rutger hauer ( the knight , of course ) , - michelle pfeiffer ( the other half of the cursed couple ) , - matthew broderick ( knave with a heart of gold ) , and - leo kern ( aging hermit , in on the terrible secret ) . saying much more would mean saying too much , but it has the fairy tale ending you 'd hope for and expect - good guys get theirs and the bad guys get theirs . one thing about this movie ( or maybe the dvd transfer ) truly annoys me , however . someone messed with the colors , like a newbie camera geek who just discovered gradient filters , and has n't learned how garish they can be . to whoever did it : please get someone with normal color vision to check your work next time . outside of that , it 's a safe , entertaining movie . enjoy ! --wiredweir
i first saw this film back in 1987 over at a high school friend 's house and have loved isabeau and navarre ever since . this movie has it all : comedy , drama , and one amazing love story . who 's heart did n't break on that one scene when the doomed couple could catch a glimpse of each other at sunrise ? navarre 's devotion was utterly breathtaking . a wonderful , wonderful film
since i was a child i have patiently anticipated the battle of evil versus evil . it was discussed in school yards and in the lunch room , at slumber parties and later when i started working as a clerk in a grocery store . it was a never ending argument- who would win in the battle of freddy and jason ? in my youth children spoke of some underground video tape that contained a battle between the two monsters , but i do n't think that it ever existed and if it did i have never laid my eyes on such a relic , but finally the horror movie to end all was released onto the big screen and later on to dvd . it was everything i hoped for . there was blood , brief nudity and really bad jokes . that is the unholy trinity of horror . the plot was n't horrible , it was actually pretty good for a fright flick . freddy has n't graced the silver screen since 1994 when wes craven presented " new nightmare " and he kept his integrity intact in my opinion . jason vorhees on the other hand made the space film " jason x " as his last trip to the theatres , and if you have n't seen it yet do n't bother you did n't miss much . i liked how the movie gave a back story to jason 's life at crystal lake and it showed that krueger is conniving and manipulative with getting jason to go along with his plan to kill on elm street once again . obviously jason is a big dumb animal and does not need much convincing . the cinematography and directing were excellent , i thought the music was done well , and most importantly the film stayed true to the original story line . the only thing that upset me was after all these years waiting for this battle to come i was wrong about who would be victorious .
jason x ( as in friday the 13th part 10 ) sheds light on a familiar , though not too friendly , face : that of jason . a " miracle of science , " jason , is to be transported from a maximum-security facility to a research lab . the transfer goes awry and he 's once again up to no good before being cryogenically suspended . things become a bit complicated when in the year 2455 a spaceship arrives from earth ii ( ! ) and revives the masked lunatic.. . the plot , the setting , the acting , and the dialogues are all very good . it 's just too bad the cutest girl gets whacked first.. . in a nutshell , jason x is a movie definitely worth watching , as it will provide for an evening 's entertainment , as long as you 're in that kind of a mood .
after the worst " friday " movie of all time ( and thats saying a lot ) the series bounces back ( nine years later ) with this fun and nice change of pace for the series is just what the doctor ordered.having been caught and chained by the goverment , jason escapes killls everyone but one fine looking doctor who " buck rogers " like freezes jason and her self in the underground lab they are at . flash foward to 2455 and earth,now unliveable , is visited by a group of students who free jason and the doctor from the lab . before you can say " ceh ceh ceh " ( the best way i can spell the theme song ) jason is loose on the starship and cutting apart the crew . like i said the novel setting and the use of some great f/x make this one of the best of the series
this is a fantastic history of the blues ! unlike any of the other recent documentaries , the stories are related in this show entirely by the artists . there is no narrator and the feel of the show is very personal ! add to that some great music and you have a winner
john lennon and his wife , yoko ono were guests on the dick cavett show three times in 1971 . their first apearance was taped on saturday , september 11 , 1971 and was john 's first interview after the beatles had disbanded . the subsequent interviews were taped on friday , september 24 , 1971 and thursday , may 11 , 1972 . viewers , beatle fans and their counterparts will undoubtedly enjoy the natural conversational flow among dick cavett and his guests . john appeared to be in his element , happily chatting with the famous talk show host . it was a good thing john rightfully defends yoko during this interview and makes it quite plain that she did not break up the beatles . she has been wrongfully blamed for something that was bound to happen naturally - after all , the individuals who made up the beatles needed to move individually ; grow ; develop their own individual styles . the group could not last forever . cavett gives john and yoko equal time . he listens to them attentively ; takes them seriously and at no time criticizes anybody or speculates about anybody . it is very easy to forget the interviews are taking place before a studio audience as viewers are easily lulled into the flow of the conversation . yoko is very animated during this first interview . she smokes ; chats easily with her host about her undergraduate days at sarah lawrence and shows a film she made . john and cavett are actually funny , sharing some humorous observations about clothing and coiffure . be sure to get this dvd collection . it is funny ; interesting ; serious ; thought provoking and memorable . this is something for everybody and not just beatle fans , yokophiles and lennonophiles . the bonus dvd will certainly bring many smiles to many faces .
boy , did this movie suck at the beginning ! and boy , did it just get better and better from there on in . even the oriental humor , which is usually so awful , was actually funny at times . the action sequences , while a little too often fanciful , were very impressive , even innovative . chow is a talented guy . having seen this i 'm interested to see what his earlier work is like . if you like martial arts/action/weird comedy , you 'll love this
certainly the best kung-fu movie i 've ever seen , kung fu hustle is loaded with effects and humor , and stunning fight sequences to boot . try and watch any regular martial arts movie afterward and all you can do is yawn , even the great bruce lee is tired and played-out in comparison to kung fu hustle . the movie continues to top itself throughout , with an escalation of fight scenes that peaks with the hero jumping higher than the clouds , seeing buddha , lightly stepping off a bird , and plunging to earth to deliver a blow capable of knocking a fifty-foot hole in a building ! this aint just wire-fu , it 's wired-fu with hilarious weirdness .
i know what you 're thinking . if you 're anything at all like me , when this movie was in the movie theaters and the previews were running rampantly , i thought this looked like the stupidest piece of trash to ever grace the big screen . but i 'll admit readily when i 'm wrong , and here i absolutely was . i 'm not saying little nicky is the world 's greatest film , or even comedy , but if you like adam sandler and silly comedies in general , this is a movie that wo n't disappoint when you desperately need something mindless to turn your brain into mush after a horrendous week ( or even day ) at work . a movie that opens with jon lovitz acting like a big , horny bird in a tree certainly promises to be very entertaining . and it is . and we 're taken straight to hell with harvey keitel playing the devil himself very nicely , a brief encounter with dan marino , and the late rodney dangerfield to name a few . we 're also treated to the heavens above with reese witherspoon and the guy who played adam sandler 's golf mentor in happy gilmore . this movie has everything it takes to be insanely silly and entertaining . and you 'll love what happens to hitler in this . do n't take it too seriously . if you do , you miss the entire point of little nicky . if this is your kind of movie , add it to your collection...you 'll watch it many , many , many times again . enjoy
it is the best movie i have ever seen . it was so funny . adam sandler is the best actor in the world which makes it even better . i saw it at my friend 's house . i would watch it again but i do n't have it . little kids under 6 should not see this movie . you will defiantly like this movie . that is why you should buy this movie . jason m
i bought this season of survivor ( i never saw this season ) but it was very , very good . i 'm glad that jon lost and sandra won ! i was shocked when they let outcasts back into the game . i 'm glad that lill came back . but i was mad that burton came back ! 4 stars
" annie hall " is one of the most acclaimed romantic comedies of all time . the film not only holds a place on the american film institute 's top 100 ( # 31 ) , as well as the american film institute 's top 100 comedies ( # 4 ) . the film took home 4 academy awards including best picture and best director ; the film is also without a doubt one of the best romantic-comedies ever made . it really nails that awkwardness of romance . i think few of us are like the neurotic woody allen and i do n't so much mean the way the characters act , but the way they think and stuff like that is totally realistic . woody allen plays alvy singer , a comeddian who always knocks it out of the park when it comes to comedy but ca n't really get a grip on love . he 's been through two marriages and is a little bit neurotic , which turns people off . then his friend rob ( tony roberts ) introduces him to annie hall ( the wonderful diane keaton ) . annie is a little bit ditzy and not quite as smart as alvy , but the two click and begin a relationship that ( to say the least ) has it 's share of ups and downs . now , not only is the plot and the dialogue and everything true-to-life but this film is also absolutely hilarious . when i see a movie on afi 's top 100 comedies , i tend to shy away from the films on that list . not because they 're not good , it 's just that they do n't really pick by what 's the funniest film ever . example , 'the 40 year old virgin ' was funnier than their number 1 pick some like it hot . but anyway , annie hall actually is very funny . the dialogue is quick-witted , some the scenes have become classics ( allen sneezing on the cocaine ) . in an era where romantic comedies run rampant into movie theatres , it 's nice to go back and see the films that really made the genre what it is . this is a great film , a great romantic-comedy , a woody allen masterpiece . grade : a
not dissin the usa tour , but i loved the europe tour dvd better , after i saw this one . this dvd was a nice eminem introduction to seeing his concert behind the scenes for me . i can relate to his music madness and anger issues , it did give me fan comfort while i did homework lessons and detroit love . i passed it along for other college woman to view ~ lmao i hope i get it back ~ lmao  amazon.com is so amazing , i can just order another one . chinastar
unfairly overlooked in the early 90 's for rideing at the tale end of the last wave of 80 's slasher films 'popcorn ( 1991 ) ' is a damn good little slasher flick with a somewhat dry but exceptable endind,some decent acting,a ludicrous story,some good dark atmosphere,decent kills,plenty of cheese & a pretty creepy villain . the parody of a slasher film being set in a movie theatre is excellent & wes craven & the makers of 'scream ' owe alot to this little known gem for slurping up some inspiration
what more can you ask for ( lou monte doing luna luna luna , it 's here ) . pope is vincent patrick 's best written work and his screenplay works with rourke and roberts doing each other justice in the lead roles . the inside buzz is michael cimino sat in the directors chair , but evidence to the contrary is offered : the film is less than 3 hours in length and significantly lacks metaphors . instead , pope is a raucous and likeable tale of nyc bottom feeders whose only place in trump tower would be behind a broom . geraldine page gives an oscar nominated supporting turn one year before her best actress win for trip to bountiful . she 's more enjoyable here
man,talk about your untypical,not your average,regular kung fu movie ! ! steven chow blew the audiences away with this super hit.for those who have'nt seen it yet,it 's a treat you simply can not miss.excellent dvd for anyone to add to their collection of favorites
i would n't write yet another review of war and peace if i did n't have something new to say about it , namely , war and peace and war by peter turchin . near the end of turchin 's book , about bringing the scientific method to the rise and fall of empires , he quotes extensively from the parts of tolstoy 's war and peace . tolstoy , with his ratio analysis of various napoleon grand armemetrics to russian army metrics , was grappling with a theory of mathematical history well over a hundred years ahead of his time . pick up turchin 's deep book , and afterwards read war and peace , paying particular attention to turchin 's and tolstoy 's ideas . you will never see historical dynamics the same again . sincerely ,  alex alaniz  ps--read the book--the movie is n't so good--and please see the reviews of my own strong science fiction book : beyond future shock about the near-terms perils and promise of advanced bio/nano technology in a world still roiled with middle age religious conflict and ever growing extreme wealth gradients
this cartoon gives me the entire memories when i use to watch them as a little kid.the dvd may not have the great special features,but if you ever see this sucker available in a store do n't think about it just buy it
i 've been a christie fan since childhood and loved the early movies in spite of rutherford 's handling of the character . i loved joan hickson 's portrayal of miss marple and never thought anyone else could " be " miss marple for me . therefore i expected to be disappointed with these new releases . i am not disappointed , i love this new version ! after i cautiously viewed the first episode i came to fully appreciate geraldine mcewan in the role . she is subtle , confident and highly adroit and i find her refreshing and wonderful . the stories themselves are entertaining and intriquing . some reviewers complained that the scripts do n't stick to the originals , but this is not an issue for me here . christie 's stories stay alive and fun even after having been done so often because they are n't always done the same way . any tweaks to the storylines keep the material fresh and even improve it at times . i think it 's fun to be surprised by my old favorites ! hooray for geraldine mcewan ! i hope to see many more miss marple stories with her in the title role
released during the &quot ; just say no&quot ; 1980s , this film is a cautionary tale of drug abuse . lenny is a guy just trying to stake his claim in the world , to make a little money . he soon impresses a big wheel who moves lenny and his wife to california where they are at first overwhelmed by the opulence but then become willing participants in it . lenny continues to buy , buy , buy until it all crashes down . when the money stops rolling in , he is introduced to cocaine and the story then takes a dramatic turn as we watch lenny lose it all . james woods is fabulous as lenny . i 've seen this movie many times and now that i 'm writing about it , i think it 's time to pop this one into the vcr for another viewing
quite a bit of what i see on the few tv channels i let my kids watch depicts either * borderline * behavior or is so vacuous i can not stand it . this series has a plot , good writing and good production values . it has the added benefit that i can also stand to watch it . i am hoping the second season maintains the quality of the first
i 'm the biggest " wuthering heights " fan i know ( ask anyone who knows me , and they 'll tell you i borderline annoying with the subject ) . having money left over from my birthday , i decided " hey , why not buy yet another wuthering heights dvd ? " . i was a little skeptical about how it would be , seeing as all the adaptations i 've seen thus far have n't really taken the whole story into account . of course , to do so would be a hard task for a movie . the story is complex and not a very average-movie-goer sort of plot . i was disappointed in the 1992 version with juliette binoche and ralph fiennes , although it 's a good enough movie ( as long as it did n't have emily bronte 's wuthering heights as the title... ) . other versions were all right , and although the 1939 version did n't showcase the second generation of the story , i found it better than '92 . needless to say , when i popped in the dvd , i was hooked by the first five minutes . sure , the movie is n't exactly like the story ( i want you to show me a movie that is . and , as i said , this story is complex for the movies ) . some of the things that are different/changed/added/etc. , are the fact that , once again ( as in many of the movie adaptations ) nelly is old from the start . also , heathcliff and cathy are older than when most of the scenes in the story take place ( such as when they visit the lintons ) . most " wuthering heights " fanatics know that heathcliff and cathy never consemate their relationship . however , there 's many a kiss in the movie . there are some other details of the movie that are different than the story , but i , a crazy " wuthering heights " and bronte admirer , give this movie a bravo and would recommend to any other fan
it would n't surprise me if this movie is shown in more high school civics classes than any other movie : it 's rife for debate . gary cooper might stick his neck out once for this bunch of frightened citizens in the face of adversity , but when he throws his badge down onto the dusty street at the end , we know he 'd never do it again . sure he took an oath to uphold justice and does it because " i have to , " and all that ; but only a fool would think that a place like hadleyville deserves protection . can you imagine clint eastwood in cooper 's shoes ? at least that would be one side of the argument after the movie was shown . of course the other side of the debate would say it has nothing to do with hadleyville and its cowardly citizens , but has everything to do with cooper and his code of honor . is n't this the same gary cooper who played frederic henry in a farewell to arms , based on hemingway 's novel , a writer who also dealt a lot with personal codes of honor and " courage under fire , " a character who says in the novel that " abstract words such as glory , honor [ and ] courage were obscene " ? how could he possibly look at himself in the mirror the next day , never mind looking his wife in the eye again , if he 'd skadaddled ? this existential hero had a choice to make , a life-defining one , and for him it meant only one thing . it 's that kind of movie - meaty and meaningful . the real-time experiment is interesting in these days of tv shows like " 24 , " and the mccarthy-era witch hunt comparisons are worth pondering , too . and let 's not forget the music , either . but basically it comes down to cooper reaching out and finding nobody there , and then doing what he has to do anyway . it 's a timeless idea , and the movie is a classic
i am a very avid " star trek " fan , and find the dvd 's very worthwhile and interesting . ( my star trek interests go back to the original series with william shatner , leonard nimoy , james doohan , et . al .
i have to agree completely with the reviewer : " mksonic50 " . i read his review of " play it again sam " the scene where woody allen tries to be cool and composed when introduced to a lady and he , instead of sounding anything like english , only growls . i recently found out about this movie because all i could think was of that scene that i did n't know where it came from . i have to repeat that : " mksonic50 " is right on the money . that was the best comical scene ever .
based on the hyper known last farewell of bogart and bergman in casablanca , will emerge a fabulous , extraordinary and funny script that will allow allen to lean on bogart ` s spirit to guide him about his personal hesitations and tribulations around the bride of his best friend . surrealist and inventive ; tantalizing and evocative that counts with an excellent cast . do not miss it for any reason .
joseph campbell would be proud of this coming of age hero story . haru ( chris farley ) is a ninja school dropout . he still maintains a positive attitude . he gets an opportunity to help a sally , a lady in distress ( nicollette sheridan ) . his mission will eventually take him to the hills of beverly . sensei ( soon tek oh ) is like a father to him . sensei realizing he can not sway haru from his mission sends another ninja gobei ( robin shou ) who is haru 's spiritual brother to quietly help . on this mission haru , gobei , and sensei learn more about themselves .
excellent . delivered in a very timely manor . new condition . i could not have been more pleased
i loved the the fact the whole family can watch it
the age of the hollywood western had its apex in the middle of the 20th century , then with the change of modern society in the 1960 's , the western genre lost its allure and hollywood abandoned westerns for other fare . thanks to ted turner and his love for american western film making , the long lost western has been reborn in a big way . tom selleck continues to impress audiences as a true western hero in the tradition of john wayne . selleck is more than adequate for the part , big in body and big in acting skill . he takes the part of paul cable , and turns his character into someone we can believe , like , and respect . cable comes back from the civil war months before its official end . he is tired of war and killing , and wants to return home to raise cattle in his home state of arizona . in trying to escape his wartime experiences , cable runs into more trouble at home . he finds his wife terribly embittered by his absence , and his home farm is now run by former union soldiers who are naturally hostile to a returning confederate soldier . cable must not only fight to regain his farm , but he must also try to rekindle the love that has been lost in his marriage . the story by elmore leonard is a solid one and very believable . there are no dull or boring scenes , the picture grabs you and holds you throughout . selleck is terrific as paul cable , fighting for his family , his woman , and his life . selleck once again establishes himself as a solid western actor in the mould of john wayne . he is every man 's western hero . selleck carries the picture on his broad shoulders with ease . he is supported with a fine ensemble cast , including suzy amis as his embittered gritty wife , and haley joel osment ( of " the sixth sense " fame ) in a minor role as selleck 's son . amis portrays a western pioneering woman in perhaps one of the most realistic role ever portrayed . too many times we see western wonmen portrayed as prissy and prim , dressed in their long skirts and blouses without a scuff or mark of western sand or dirt . amis ' portrayal as mrs. cable breaks the mould ; we see her with dirt and dust on her face , with sweat dripping in lines across her face , and with a surprising ability to hold her own with wagon reins in her hands , or for that matter , a rifle . i personally welcome this portrayal of western women , as it is undoubtedly more realistic than the western wife sitting pretty in her muti-layered petticoats . david and keith cariidine are fine antagonists in the fight for the family farm . harry carey jr. plays a small role as selleck 's father-in-law . as a collector of fine western films , i intend to keep " last stand at saber river " , as it is an excellent western film in the tradition of the great hollywood westerns ; it 's not an epic , but it is fine film-making and will please those craving for a fine western drama . i recommend it . james " konedog " koeni
this movie i consider to be akin to 'vertigo ' by alfred hitchcock . the pace is a little on the slow side with a lot of non-verbal action pulling the story along . it also mimics 'rear window ' in that the main character witnesses a murder . in this case though , he was set up to be the witness . depalma seems to have taken these themes and added some very strong satire . he slams the porn industry in some very funny ways . you will have to watch and giggle along with some of these unforgetable scenes . what i liked mostly about this movie was that it kept you guessing until the end . i do n't want to give away too much here , but a clever use of 'hollywood hijinks ' and the line 'do n't believe everything you see ' fit with the story very well . 'postcards from the edge ' was the only strong movie that showed just how deceptive hollywood can be . in this film , depalma shows how deadly and confusing it can be . as in 'dressed to kill ' , depalma relies on non-verbal acting to carry the story , and quite successfully too . the scene begins when craig wasson leaves the house he is sitting to follow who he thinks he 's been watching though a telescope . the scene is carried through a mall and then to a beach . i believe it 's about 20 minutes . played out well with body language and facial expressions , this scene could n't work any other way . like 'vertigo ' , this movie seems to be drawn out somewhat . maybe too much detail , not sure . i found myself becoming a little impatient at times for the story to continue.not many movies attempt this slower approach , or do it in a way that makes it work . all in all , definitely a must see . keep in mind , the action is a bit slow at times . melanie griffith appears here and does a great job in her role , as do the other actors . filming , camera angels and use of props all work well . the plot is complex . this is a must see for suspense/murder mystery fans
though cancelled for 2 years , this is the best show on tv in my opinion ( even in reruns )
we have all heard about ` product placement ' especially in the james bond films . did you know it goes all the way back to dr. no and was very prominent ? in the scene where bond kicks and tosses quarrel and puss feller into a stack of corrugated cartons , notice that those cartons are labeled ` red stripe . ' that 's right , ` red stripe ' beer from jamaica ! in this case ` product placement ' was not a bad thing because it adds to the authenticity of this film . in fact dr. no is one of the best films of the series . it is much closer to ian fleming 's prose than most of the other films thanks to sean connery 's performance , richard maibaum 's scripting and terence young 's direction . at the same time other elements that would be unique to the series and distinguish it from other films were introduced here . production designer ken adam 's sets , attractively futuristic yet totally simplistic and functional , adorned by syd cain 's detailed art designs set the look for the entire series making their work in dr. no the benchmark . peter hunt 's intuitive and effective quick-cut editing paced the film like no other at its time . maurice binder 's brainchild opening ` gun barrel ' is an incredible piece of title design , which is equaled only by the ` james bond theme ' , composed and re-orchestrated by monty norman and john barry . ted moore 's cinematography , especially the shot of bikini clad ursula andress emerging from the sea , is now a classic and also set a standard for future ` bond girls . '  we are introduced to the organization known as s.p.e.c.t.r.e . in dr. no . what is unique to this film is the main villain brilliantly portrayed by joseph wiseman . he is unlike future main villains of the series . he is n't exactly what you may call a ` social animal' . joseph wiseman 's eerie and surreptitious portrayal made dr. no one of the most mysterious and enigmatic of the series . in a way his portrayal seems like a model for the unseen blofeld in from russia with love and thunderball . rounded out by the beloved m portrayed by bernard lee , the lovely miss moneypenny played by lois maxwell , john kitzmiller as quarrel and zena marshall as miss taro , dr. no ranks as one of the best .
this movie was more than i expected . i was astonished at the amazing graphic and effects , and especially , the robots . you are kept wondering who the true villian is until the very end . i did not expect it to be who it was . the reason why i rated this movie a four instead of a five was for the almost constant swearing from smith . i was not prepared for it , especially since the movie is not rated pg-13 for language . other than that , i highly recommend this movie .
" kelly 's heroes " is an odd , yet quite enjoyable war movie . this 1970 's comedic , cinematic take on wwii , mixes genres such as the suicide mission/action film , the crime/caper film and the army comedy . in other words , take a lot of " the dirty dozen " , mix a bit of " ocean 's 11 " and add in some " m * a * s * h " plus " catch-22 " and you 'll have " kelly 's heroes " . the film features a battered u.s. army infantry unit , which has been on the front lines since landing at omaha beach . all they have on there minds is a little r&r , that includes booze & broads . that is until pvt . kelly ( clint eastwood ) interrogates ( with a bottle of brandy ) a captured german intelligence officer , who tells him about a nazi convoy transporting 16 million dollars worth of gold bars . kelly hatches a plan for his unit to go thirty miles into enemy held territory and steal the gold from a small french bank , that is being vigorously guarded by three nazi 'tiger ' tanks . i know in this day and age it might sound rather odd , but this is one war movie , that is not only suspenseful , but is also a whole lot of fun ! is it an accurate portrayle of wwii ? probably not . ( i doubt there were too many hippie tank commanders during the " big one " ) this 1970 release pretty much through its ' hilarious , sharp script has more of a vietnam era mentality , which satiracally makes fun of both the army and it 's attitudes about war . unlike the john wayne style war films of the past , these guys are hardly trying to be patriotic heroes , but they are just trying to make it through the war with their a * * 's intact ( and maby make a little profit on the side ) . the film features a large , talented cast , some of whom , were already stars and others , who later went on to become big names in both television and film . this includes clint eastwood , telly savalas , donald sutherland , don rickles , caroll o'connor , gavin macleod , stuart margolin , harry dean stanton and len lesser ( uncle leo from tv 's " seinfeld " ) . how can you go wrong with a cast like that ? if your in the mood for a good action picture with some big laughs mixed in , then i would highly recommend kelly 's heroes "
its hard to imagine that a war film can leave you with a big smile at the conclusion but here is one that will ! with non stop action , drama and comedy , kellys heroes has it all with a top notch cast and soundtrack to boot . the original script of a bank heist behind enemy lines during ww2 is a classic and is brilliantly executed at all levels . even though the film is based on a fictional plot , it still has an authentic feel and is rated an all time classic . highly recommended
all monty python movies are a must-see . i think my generation has seen them all . i hope the younger generation ( less than 40 ) watch at least one . the humor is at many levels , so the movie should be watched multiple times to soak it all in . this just means the movie gets funnier with each viewing . like all good humor , it includes truthful commentaries about society and human behavior in general , as well as , politics and religion ( without getting nasty )
" go " takes place in a 24 hour period on christmas eve following 3 of the main characters and events . all 3 stories intersect with each other with excellent results . sharp focus on details and time line construction make this a worthy watch ! totally original , well scripted , superb performances . if you enjoy this kind of movie , check out " 2 days in the valley " , or " things to do in denver when your dead " .
my gosh mrs. bucket...bouquet has done it again... scared off the neighbors with tea and made us all spit our sides . please buy this if you have any decentce
hyacinth bucket ( pronounced bouquet ) charges impestuously on , in her indomitable quest for gracious living . hampered as she is , ever so slighly , by the family she occasionally attempts to ignore and often dominate , our heroine carries on in traditional british style . this set is a welcome addition to any british comedy collection . sit down , grab a lager and put your feet up to enjoy....but not on the coffee table ! and use a coaster
this dvd is the best one ive ever seen snoop put out . the concert footage and sound isnt the greatest but this dvd is so much more that i thought i was getting . dont get me wrong the concert parts are so dope to hear my fav snoop classics and i was left with one question how did they get clearance from suge to put out his death row classics , but this dvd shines as a replayable classic . you would be so so suprised at what is on this , see most people are happy getting a concert dvd like the up and smoke where snoop performs in one city , you watch it after fast forwarding through all the opening acts like westside connec and you dont have to watch it again for years...this is quite a different approach . i was literally hurting from laughing so hard because this dvd gives you the bishop don juan , it gives you backstage , it gives you the norml conference...you cant even take it all in if you watched it once ! i say if you like snoop , if you like weed , if you like biatches and hiznoes , you got a winner with the puff puff pass
most of this movie is terrible , but who 's complaining ? the epically long " begin the beguine " is the climax of the movie & it makes the whole mess worthwhile . the last 11 minutes of this movie are mind-blowingly great -- absolute perfection . the sets , the cinematography , the costumes , the orchestrations & the extraordinary routine itself -- everything combines to make " begin the beguine " the most ravishing , glamorous black & white production number ever put on film . it 's hollywood at its apogee , the quintessence of silver screen glamor . a few of the other numbers are fun : the first , " do n't monkey with broadway " is clever & pleasant ; later on , fred astaire 's lovely " i 've got my eyes on you " is also winning : a charming routine that he dances to a delightful , cheerful orchestration . some other numbers are worth seeing , as well , but " begin the beguine " outshines everything else in this picture . in between the numbers , there 's a lot of dreary silliness afoot . happily , dvd technology makes it easy to skip over the dross & go straight for the gold . eleanor powell was a very odd actress . she was rather pretty & decidedly perky ( how much you go for perky will determine how agreeable you find her personality ) ; she was also quite feminine . why , then , does she speak out of the side of her mouth like a gangster ? she often sounds like a distaff edward g. robinson ( " dat was swell , johnny , swell ! nyah ! " ) . but man oh man , could she dance !
right after watching this , my wife and i called our ( now ) 14 yo dancer in to see it . she in turn had her dance buddies watch it the next time they were over . the look of amazement on all of our faces as we watched some of the best there ever was worth the price of admission . like the commercial says ; dvd player ; $ 200 , dvd ; $ 15 , watching your daughter work ten times harder on her tapping-priceless
oh , wow . i ca n't complain much about this . although some things i did n't notice explained and the ending was a little rushed , this was still very effective on me . it may 've been better as a game or not , i do n't know . there were several times where this made me so emotional i wanted to cry for the characters . the silent and melancholy kaze , the hilarious and deranged cid or the hyperactive and cheerful twins . even for the short time you know them , they grow on you and what becomes of some of them is just extremely heartwrenching . i know some people may not be satisfied with this , but i was . i recommend it
all time classic musical/drama/love story . no matter your economic circumstances , with the right help anyone can succeed . ( just do n't forget the people you left behind !
i had often heard about degrassi : the next generation . i went on to the show 's website often , even though i did n't get the channel it shows on . i knew as much about the show that everyone else did , and i did n't even see the show . so after a year or two of trying to figure out how to i could see the show , i heard that they were making a dvd , and i was so excited ! i ordered it on ebay a few months after it came out , and it was fairly priced . i watched all of it in a day , and i was ecstatic . this show is all about what it is really like being a teen . nothing fake , but not over-dramatic . giving life lessons on everything , like internet relationships , the effects of using ecstasy , presssure ( beer ) , family , rumors , first dates , and all sorts of things . season one is especially perfect for prettens and early teenagers because it is based around a group of 7th and 8th graders . of course , through the seasons , the characters face changes and more dramatic situations , but somehow , there is always a season for teens and preteens of every age to relate to . and that 's what everybody likes about the show . this dvd also includes auditions for most cast members , which are fun to watch , bloopers and deleted scenes , which add more to the episode , and a karaoke of the theme song which is also very fun . with cast and characters biographies , you can tell that the creators of the dvds put as much into them as possible , and it pays off .
ronald reagan might have gotten the nickname of the " gipper " from this 1940 bio-pic of legendary notre dame football coach knute rockne , but it was veteran character actor pat o'brien who had the role of a lifetime in the lead . james cagney had lobbied hard for the role , but when the actor signed a petition supporting the republican ( and anti-catholic ) government in the spanish civil war , notre dame refused to okay him for the part . this was the first of only two movies ever filmed on the campus in south bend , and if you do know that the other one was " rudy " you should at least have been able to guess it had to be that one . " knute rockne all american " , which was added to the national film registry in 1997 , is a fairly standard bio-pic , evincing the almost documentary style that was standard at the time . we see how the young rockne ( played by johnny sheffield , a.k.a . boy in the johnny weissmuller tarzan movies ) learned to love football , revolutionized the game with the forward pass , and coached his alma mater to glory with the four horsemen and george gipp . the result is a long series of episodes from rockne 's life that have varying degrees of appeal , such as when he picks up the idea for his backfield shift from watching chorus girls dance and experiments with the idea using his wife and their dinner guests . lots of footage of actual notre dame games are worked into the film , although i have no way of knowing if any of it is of the actual games being portrayed ( i would be curious to know ) . o'brien 's performance seems a tad wooden , but if you have ever seen actual film clips of rockne you know he is in the ballpark . a lot of the charm of this film comes from the ethos of the original rockne , an american legend who was probably the first famous victim of an airplane crash . the result is not great , but certainly compelling ( plus we all learn the correct pronunciation of his name as being ka-nute ) . reagan 's supporting role is deservedly memorable . that same year he would get to play third banana george armstrong custer to errol flynn and olivia dehavilland in " the santa fe trail " and would provide his best performance in " king 's row " before military service in world war ii effectively derailed his acting momentum and ultimately set his life on a different path . final note : while there is little doubt that rockne invented the forward pass , there is debate over one aspect of this film . in his first scene as george gipp , reagan is sitting around doing nothing when rockne orders him to go in at halfback to play against the varsity and run the ball . gipp asks " how far ? " and proceeds to run it back all the way . after crossing the goal line he bounces the ball off the endzone , instead of laying it down for the " touchdown . " an argument has been made that this was the first spike in the history of football . at least it is the first " recorded " spike . did the current tradition of choreographed celebrations all stem from what ronald reagan did in this 1940 film ? you decide if that is yet another part of the reagan legacy that is being reconsidered this week
if no adjective appropriately suit this vivid collection of avant-garde films from the 20s and 30s , one reviewer came close in his chosen nomenclature : this one-of-a-kind-combilation , indeed , is " indespensable " ! for anyone interested in or in some way connected to film and film studies this box set is a true gem as well as an overwhelming visceral experience . one dare even call it " edenic " . packed with cinematic treats - ranging from early classics as joris ivens ' " regen " , through film historical curiosities as marcel duchamps ' " cinema an    mic " and richter 's " rhytmus 21 " to absolute rarities such as kirsanoff 's " m    nilmontant " - this impressive collection of short experimental films guides you through all main avant-garde genres of the 1920s and 1930s . from impressionist masterpieces ( " m    nilmontant " , " la glace a trois faces " [ epstein ] ) , through dadaist art-films ( duchamps ) , french and german cin    ma pur/absolut film ( " symphonie diagonale " [ eggeling ] , " rhytmus 21 " [ richter ] ) , futuristic statements ( " ball    t mecanique " [ leger ] ) , dazzling city symphonies ( " regen " ) to such seminal early sound experiments as " romance sentimentale " ( eisenstein & alexandrov ) and " le tempestaire " ( epstein ) . while some films may , indeed , only be labled " curiosities " others are sheer strokes of genius - my personal favorites being kirsanoff 's rare impressionistic gem " m    nilmontant " ( with its impressive - in every sense of the word - use of constant p.o.v.-shots , concealing the first person ) and jean epsteins masterpiece " le tempestaire " whose use of suspense-generating musique concr    te ( or " slow-motion sound " , as it were ) and vividly , picturesque imagery make for a unique cinematic experience . - as visceral as it is beautiful to behold . if only for its lack of a few early classics ( notably , ren    clair 's " entr'act " [ 1924 ] and luis bu    uel 's " un chien andalou " [ 1929 ] and " l '    ge d'or " [ 1930 ] ) this combilation of early experimental films may not be labeled " perfect " . however , i am still to experience any other collection of its kind . for anyone studying film ( whether by themselves or in university , ) this box set may , indeed , only be ascribed the adjective " indespensible " , as done also by a previous reviewer .
a must-have for all kate rusby fans . this beautifully-produced concert video is a pure winner , showcasing rusby and her band at their best , before an adoring , appreciative english audience . several things are worth pointing out : first , what a delight to see how friendly and down-to-earth she is , and what a fine performer . authoritative , yet not stuffy or standoffish in any way , she presents these old trad ballads in a way that makes them seem like the most immediate and compelling of contemporary art... and , of course , the music is simply stunning -- the band plays sweet , but keeps things simple ; it 's warm and modern without muddling down in crossover pretensions , it 's just simply lovely , lovely acoustic music . finally , there 's the experience of seeing rusby sing : is it possible such a perfect sound is coming out of that everyday-looking lass before you ? guess so . now i 'll have to redouble my efforts to see her when she plays live at a venue near me.. . i know it 'll be a night to remember
i 'm a big survivor fan ; and as such , i love any of the dvd complete season packets of survivor . it 's great because if you happened to miss one of the episodes for whatever reason , you get to see the challenges and how and why the person got voted off the island . i did not however give this 5 stars , because i also own the survivor all-stars dvd pack , so i know that they could have done more with the palau pack . in the all-stars pack you get to see a lot more speacial features of things occured on the island but never made it into the broadcast . some of these outakes give a lot of insite into camp life and the characters , which is always fun . but other than missing those features , the survivor palau pack is well worth seeing
revenge , it 's said , is a meal best served cold . the creepy , existential , ultra-violent oldboy ( tartan ) takes that dish and smashes it in your face with raging . without explanation , oh dae-su , a businessman with a family , is kidnapped and imprisoned in a dank , dirty room for 15 years . suddenly he 's released , given money , a cell phone and nice clothes . on his way to revenge , he discovers his kidnapper still has plans for him , and it 's something worse than what 's already happened . now he 's got five days to find him and balance the books . rated r. genre : asian noir/thriller . 2 hours . actors : min-sik choi , ji-tae yu , hye-jeong kang , dae-han ji , dal-su oh . director : chan-wook par
i have been using callanetics off and on since the 80s . i was so excited to see that it came out in dvd format and was n't discouraged to read that it did n't have chaptering - callan always has recommended doing the full workout anyway . but , i was pleasantly surprised to see that this dvd now has chaptering . so , please do n't let that discourage you from trying this awesome exercise program ! you will see truly amazing results in a short amount of time . i have used it only 3x so far this go around and i already feel stronger and have better posture . have fun
this movie is really good for the pre-teen who is struggling to make the right choices . i thought this movie was great ! im hearing that now girls as young as 8 are having oral sex because they want to be popular/cool and i like this movie because it shows the consequences of doing the wrong thing just to be popular . every young girl needs to see this one
i have been an adult swim viewer since space ghost ctc 's early days . the venture brothers is probably my favorite of them all ( the brak show was a riot also ) . i am in my 40 's and so i can relate to all the jokes on the stuff i grew up on ( marvel , dc , johnny quest , scooby doo , etc ) . the formula started with sgctc taking mundane kids 60 's-70 's shows and tossing them in adult situations filled with lots of sexual references ( many homosexual ) , uber violence for violence 's sake , profanity ( beeped out but you know what they are saying ) , well you get my drift ( think excrement jokes ) . it 's ted turner in his old coot liberal ways taking everything that was semi american of good vs. bad in cartoons , and screwing it all to hell . but despite the same formula over and over ( sgctc , harvey birdman aal , the brak show , robot chicken , aqua team hunger force , sealab 2021 , and probably some others i missed ) , i still watch and laugh , with the venture brothers being the best of them all . one thing that i really laugh about is that the teens and gen x'ers watching have little or no reference for where these jokes are coming from , they are just laughing at the situations and do n't get the parody . i tried to tell a co-worker ( whose 25 years old ) about a robot chicken bit about hogan 's heroes and he never heard of that show ! i 'm glad the venture brothers has got a strong audience , so thanks you young ignorant types for watching ! i 'm in baby boomer delight !
i love this movie . great sequel , great characters , great gore . a must for all fans of the " saw " movies .
the dvd set is a good one , who cares if its edited , your still getting a good first season of roseanne . and you get commentary and behind the scenes stuff as well.if your not a fan dont buy it . and if you are a fan and you are tired of waiting for it to come on television , than definitely buy it
known to all , this is the story of dorothy gale and her journey to the magical land of oz . she meets a scarecrow who needs a brain , a tin man who wants a heart , and a cowardly lion who desperately needs courage . the most popular film of all time , seen by over a billion people . it 's timelessness is proof enough of its value . certainly flawed when scrutinized and written about for 56 years , but still most beloved . in 1998 rereleased on the big screen : magic . and admittedly the most important film of my life : as a child i was obsessed with the film and only a little less now
the movie with the 20,000-mile or one-million-laugh guarantee ! crank your engines ! with a roar , sputter and pop , drivers wheel westward in wacky turn-of-the century autos for a new york-to-paris race . ahead 20.000 miles , a barroom brawl , a sinking iceberg 2.357 pies in the face and incalculable laughts . blake edwards ( 1922- ) turns a marvelous cast loose on a round-the-world higway booby-trapped by some of the funniest screen gags ever . jack lemmon ( 1925-2001 ) and peter falk ( 1927- ) are nasty professor fate and his dim henchman max . tony curtis ( 1925- ) is their good-guy nemsis , the great leslie and nathalie wood ( 1938-1981 ) is cheroot-puffing suffragatte reporter maggie dubois . zestily scored by henry mancini ( 1924-1994 ) and ravishing in a new digital transfer with revitalized digital audio from restored elements , the great race is great fun ! . as i mention super transfer and recommended highly !
lemon and curtis are a great team - " some like it hot " and " the great race . " in this movie we have great melodrama and the ageless story of boy meets girl ( natalie wood ) and she catches him . the star-studded cast is enhanced by the superb acting of peter falk in one of his great comic roles , the hapless maximillian always catching the short end of the stick by his perpetually out-of-sorts boss , the permanently crabby professor fate ( lemon ) . curtis does what he does best - looks dashing and debonoir in a role so familiar to him he could phone it in . this dvd is a collector and one of my all-time top ten favorites
waiting was a pleasant surprise . it 's certainly filled with crude humor , but it manages to be funny anyhow . my first job was in a restaurant much like shenaniganz and perhaps that 's why i found the movie so worth watching . the game the employees play is over the top , but a lot of the rest of the stuff portrayed goes on . if you 're a rude anus of a customer , do n't think for a second that the wait staff and cooks wo n't mess with your food - they will . it pays to be polite and tip well , especially if you are a regular . chi mcbride 's character as the dishwasher who also dispenses free psychological advice was great , and i thought luis guzman did a great job as raddimus . all in all , based on personal experience , the movie was n't that far off of what really does happen behind the scenes in a typical golden corral or ryan 's steak house . sure , the characters are over the top , but they are based on people just like some i 've known . if you 're offended by frontal male and female nudity or crass sex jokes you wo n't want to see this movie
this film burns the screen with power , sensitivity , unbreakable bonds and emotional connections that will blow your mind . jolie and burress shine in foxfire in a way that you 'll never forget . every woman has been a girl , and , even if they store their feelings deep inside , they have to wish they had spent a few months like these girls . i know i do . but even guys have to relate to the realistic rebellious and connected spirit these girls reflect on-screen . every character is well-developed . i wish i could change the ending of the movie , but that ending is what keeps things real . this movie is definitely a treasure
foxfire is an excellent movie that demonstrates the friendship of 5 girls who learn how to stand up for themselves in this world . the inspiration for their newfound rebellion is from the 5th girl that brings the 4 others together , legs , played phenomenally by angelina jolie . i must say this : i really do n't care much for ms. jolie , and perhaps the media is to blame by making stories like her & billy bob and their whole blood thing the top news story , more recently her husband-stealing with brad pitt , but i cast aside those feelings for an hour and 40 minutes and found myself absolutely loving her performance . if you are like me and do n't like her , please do give her a chance in this film . she 's astonishingly good and i kept having to remind myself it was angelina . as a matter of fact , the entire cast turns in memorable performances . i think this is a great movie for women to watch but i do n't know if men will enjoy it quite as much . i did see one male reviewer claiming he did n't find it to be just a chick flick , but he might be the minority . guy or gal , if the story sounds intriguing to you , and it really is , then foxfire is definitely worth checking out . i give it only 4 stars simply because the character of maddy ( wonderfully played by hedy burress ) has a boyfriend but she nevers breaks up with him and he kind of fizzles into the background . left me wondering why he was even in the movie to begin with , but that 's my only criticism . at this price , it 's a fabulous addition to your collection , though believe it or not , the low price right here on amazon has been beaten by wal-mart...it 's in the $ 5.50 bin . this is a great movie that reminds us that sometimes people will make it difficult for you to do the right thing , but you must believe in yourself and stand for what you believe . definitely recommended
probably the best place to start for bergman initiates . three decent films ( although i think " through a glass " is in a different class to the other two features ) . moreover , they all form a useful overview of the progression of bergman 's art from circa 1960 to circa '62 ; from the religious torment of 1961 's " winter light " , through the conjunction of interpersonal conflict and religious neurosis of " through a glass... " to the explicit focus on familial relationships of " the silence " , ( the latter reminiscent of bergman 's mid-to-late 60 's output ) . in short , although there is nothing to match the astounding " persona " ( 1966 ) , the films do give a great indication as to bergman 's filmmaking in particular and the whole boom in euroean art house cinema of the early 1960s in general . dvd : excellent criterion transfers . the documentary disc a swedish film about the production of " winter light " ) is excellent as well , worth watching alone for bergman 's casual conversations on his religious torment : he speaks of spiritual angst in the tone most people speak of going to the shops for a loaf of bread
paris , the city of light , shines even brighter when audrey hepburn ( 1929-1993 ) and fred astaire ( 1899-1987 ) team up for the only time and bring their luminous starpower to this exquisite musical featuring songs by george ( 1898-1937 ) and ira ( 1896-1983 ) gerschwin .this dazzling romp -filmed on location in paris where you could go back in time and see paris year 1956 , wonderful made on tour eifel ,sacre ceur , notre dame , louvre and many other known tourist places ! . in role of a bookstore clerk transformed into modeling sensations , hepburn showcases singing and dancing . fred astaire as the fashion photographer who discovers her , conjures up his inimitable magic sequeces of many songs . this movie are a must for all nostalgic movie lovers and a recommendation ! . super high quality transfer
soldier of orange with commentary by director paul verhoeven is a must-see for all history buffs , wwii historians and lovers of war movies . based on the life of erik haselhoff roelfzema , it chronicles his life in the resistance and that of a small group of law students in leiden , the netherlands . verhoeven 's commentary is worth the price of the dvd as he explains scene by scene what he tried to portray , while asking some very thought provoking questions . verhoeven and i are the same age , and both of us lived in holland during the occupation . his view of the conditions in holland and the responses of the dutch under occupation are very different . i also think his references to das england spiel are inaccurate . having said all that , i still consider the dvd one of my most favorite productions , including the film itself . soldaat van oranje is my choice for best ever dutch film . those interested in learning more about the real eric hazelhoff roelfzema should read " soldaat van oranje omnibus " which includes " de verre tamboer ( the distant drummer ) " and " op jacht naar het leven ( in pursuit of life ) " all by eric hazelhoff roelfzema
yet another amazing film from paul verhoeven with so much depth and weight i ca n't even tell you . stays with you a long time after the film is over which many of his films have a tendency to do . jeroen krabbe gives an excellent performance as does rutger hauer in the leading role . everything in this film is top notch particularly if you are in any way a fan of war films . so many great scenes ( i.e . alex and eric 's tango towards the end , &quot ; april fools day&quot ; , vengeance on a bicycle , the beach scene and many many more . ) see this as soon as possible . it would make a terrific double feature with the young lions
this is a wonderful collection of horror pictures made by mgm and warner brothers during the thirties . neither studio was noted for horror pictures , but the ones they did make are unforgettable to fans of the genre as well as late night movie addicts . following is a synopsis of the films contained in the collection :  the mask of fu manchu ( mgm , 1932 ) - boris karloff is wonderfully creepy as sax rohmer 's evil genius , dr. fu manchu . it would not be the last time karloff played a chinese , as he later starred as mr. wong in monogram 's low budget detective series later in the decade . the plot concerns a race between good guy lewis stone and fu manchu to find the tomb of ghengis khan . if fu manchu gets there first he will possess the magical relics placed there which , in turn , will allow him to enslave the world . look for a young myrna loy in a delightful turn as fu 's diabolical , and scantily-clad , daughter . doctor x ( wb , 1932 ) - a good early effort by michael curtiz concerning the " moon killer " murders in which the victims are strangled , cannibalized and surgically dissected under the light of the full moon . wise-cracking reporter lee tracy traces the clues to a spooky seaside mansion , where dr. xavier ( lionel atwill ) and his colleagues are conducting strange experiments . made in early two-strip technicolor , the film is wonderfully atmospheric , and the sets themselves will linger in your mind . aside from the irritating lee tracy as reporter lee taylor , the acting is crisp and to the point . atwill in particular is eerie . fay wray is good as xavier 's daughter . i wo n't give any more of the plot away , but just remember the phrase " synthetic flash . " once heard , it will linger in the mind always . mark of the vampire ( mgm , 1935 ) - tod browning 's remake of his " london after midnight " with bela lugosi as the vampire , count mora , and lionel atwill as inspector newman . in the original , both roles were played by lon chaney . the plot concerns the death of sir karell borotyn , who appears to have been killed by vampire count mora . fearing that the vampire 's next victim will be borotyn 's daughter , irena ( elizabeth allan ) , vampire expert professor zelen ( lionel barrymore ) is called i to protect her and shed some light on the goings-on . look for carroll borland as the count 's daughter ( a role played by edna tichenor in the original ) . mad love ( mgm , 1935 ) - one of the great plots in horror film history , and one that has been repeated many times . colin clive plays the brilliant concert pianist stephen orlac , whose hands are crushed in a train accident . his wife , yvonne , is a noted stage actress whose ardent admirer is dr. gogol ( peter lorre ) . although she rejected gogol previously , she is forced to seek his help in restoring her husband 's hands . gogol replaces orlac 's hands with those of executed knife thrower rollo , and the fun begins . clive is his usual tortured , neurotic self and lorre is brilliant as the oily monomaniacal gogol . pauline keal , in her book on citizen kane , stated that welles copied lorre 's look for the older kane . the devil doll ( mgm , 1936 ) - tod browning 's last great film is about as respected parisian banker ( lionel barrymore ) , who is framed for robbery and murder and sent to devil 's island . years later he escapes in the company of a scientist who has discovered a way to shrink living things to one-sixth their original size . barrymore finds a new use for the scientist 's discovery as a means of revenge on those who had framed him . the return of doctor x ( wb , 1939 ) - the famous humphrey bogart punishment picture ! after years of complaining about his one-dimensional gangster roles , it was said that jack warner decided to teach bogie a lesson and put him in the role of a vampiric lab assistant who needs freshly drained blood in order to stay alive . bogart is a hoot in pasty-faced white makeup and a grey streak through his hair . wayne morris play the wise-cracking reporter who exposes bogie as the killer . ( tough job considering the makeup ) . look for olin howard ( jensen the drunk in them ! and the blob 's first victim ) as the undertaker . this film has never before been released on either vhs or dvd , so it is a welcome find for horror fans and bogart fans as well
in my opinion ; there have not been enough roles that tap into the unique genius of martin short 's humor with the exception of , " clifford " . my then teen children and i spilt our sides laughing at short 's work when we first saw this film ! several times we laughed so hard at a scene ; we could n't go on until we replayed the scene several times over . we were all in tears with uncontrolable laughter ! all three of us still concider this movie to be among our most favored . even if you are not a big fan of martin short ; you will enjoy , " clifford "
i was so disappointed they cancelled this series . i was hoping that the scifi channel would pick it up . hope you science finction lovers got this one because it 's great
it is movie about the strength of friendship and how three men carry out a promise to a dying friend.how men will fight to the end for a dream of one man.the characters drew strength from one another.it tells about the hardships of the old west.the unfortunate greed of men and how greed can kill.tom selleck 's character showed the the ability to love a woman and his love of his friends.the other characters complimented each other.the movie was well worth the price.you will want more of the same
regarding the above title , there was very little difference between the 2 versions on this edition of the dvd . there seems little point in the censors deleting the scenes as they did in the usa and the uk as they do very little to the film 's context . still , it 's a very good horror film anyways with plenty of gore ( if that 's what you 're into ) and i 'd still give it a 9 1/2 out of 10
tcm iii was a good movie.it had all the necessary tools and villians to make a good horror movie.it lacked the essential characters,though.it would 've done better if they had brought chop top or drayton back to life.the film is about two friends headed down to florida from texas when they come upon a pit of decayed bodies.we already know it was leatherface,and the two drive on.the next day,they come upon a gas station,where a crazy,yet funny gas station attendant named alfredo work.also making his appearance here as well is viggo mortenson as tex,a redneck cowboy who gives the two friends guidance.the two take the road he suggests after a near attack and end up stranded in the woods,pursued by the evr vigialnt leatherface armed with his trusty chainsaw.it gets the job done every time.as in the texas chainsaw tradition,they are captured and prepared for dinner.one of the friends narrowly escapes and must take on leatherface with the help of an veteran they met along the way.it 's an overall good movie and i loved it
my 2 and 3 year old boys really enjoyed this dvd . this backyardigans dvd is their favorite so far ( they have the 2 others snow fort and it 's great to be a ghost also ) . the music is lively but not loud and obnoxious like some kid 's videos . it introduces kids to different styles of music and has great characters whose behaviors you do n't mind your children copying . the backyardigans are one of my favorite shows for them to watch .
love it...love them all . disagree about the pace of this one . heart of the jungle is great even though it is slower and you have to own this one just to get the tea party show . it is a must have . even if it is just for polka palace which is great unto itself .
i can not recall a time when i did not love this hilarious movie , which is my favourite from the 1980 's by far . the superb bette midler and lily tomlin enjoy a magical screen chemistry in " big business " ,that reminds me of some of the great comedy teams from hollywood 's golden age . a total laugh feast from start to finish this film strangely does n't seem to have a high profile as comedies go however it is recommended viewing for anyone wanting a good old fashioned belly laugh and to see a comedy with probably the highest number of side splitting one liners in living memory . the premise of identical twins being mixed up at birth and meeting years later creating amusing complications is a tried and try formula for comedy however in " big business " , it is given a new freshness by the two leads who literally fly away with the material here creating an unforgettable romp that takes us from humble jupitor hollow to the height of new york 's business world . the story begins in a flash back when wealthy new yorkers hunt and binky shelton are passing through rural backwater jupitor hollow when binky goes into labour . at the same time locals garth and iona ratliff also are expecting and both women give birth at the same moment and both produce twins which are not only given the same names of sadie and rose but are also mixed up . we move forward forty years to where sadie shelton is the corporate head of moramax that is wanting to off load its ownership of holomade , the local industry in jupitor hollow . getting wind of their plans the militant jupitor hollow resident rose ratliff decides to go fight these " pinstriped trouser snakes " , on their own territory and sadie eagerly follows along anxious to get out of boring jupitor hollow . through a mix up they end up staying in the plaza hotel unknowingly right next door to their city twins where they discover such wonders as " sinks in the living room " , and " soaps in the shapes of swans " ! complication piles on top of complication as sadie shelton 's ex husband michael ( barry primus ) , ca n't believe the transformation when he mistakes the rural sadie for his hard nosed wife and jay marshall ( michael gross ) , ca n't for the life of him understand why rose ( ratliff ) is being so hostile towards him when he believes he is talking to demure rose ( shelton ) . all comes to a head in the ladies room of all places where in a classic scene both sets of twins finally encounter each other and realise that there was a mix up at birth and that the two sadie 's are really the city sheltons while the two rose 's are really the twins meant to be in jupitor hollow . the fast approaching stock holders meeting really puts the girls to the test when sadie ( shelton ) , is locked up in a closet to prevent her from selling off her birthplace and its up to sadie ( ratliff ) , to put all her watching of her idol alexis carrington in " dynasty " , to good use when in a hilarious moment she has to take over the meeting and turn the vote around from allowing jupitor hollow to be strip mined which she does beautifully . classic comedy if ever there was in my book and it reminds me of the antics of the pair of identical cousins , on the classic 1960 's comedy series " the patty duke show " . i dont think i 've ever seen bette midler in finer form than in " big business " . her comic timing and facial expressions are first rate and her switch from playing the hard as nails sadie shelton who 's all " hostile takeovers " to the naive and totally impressionable country bumpkin sadie ratliff who only wants to be able to say " keep the change ! " is a revelation and will send you into tail spins of laughter . her classic mirror sequence with her " twin " , is a total riot and her statement that " this whole thing has got ufo written all over it ! " ,will have you breaking up with laughter . equally lily tomlin as both country activist rose ratcliff , " i 'm gon na go kick some snooty new york ass ! " , and as rose shelton the awkward out of place city girl " i hate shopping and i hate new york in june ! " ,is also top rate . her rejection of jay 's engagement ring as a supposed " bribe " and when she then refers to the poor puzzled man as a " great big belly scraping pile of cow plop ! " , is one of the absolute comic highlights of the whole movie and is a scene i never tire of replaying a dozen times with each screening i have of this movie . of course with the two sets of twins winding up both staying in adjoining suites at new york 's plaza hotel there are many hilarious moments when outsiders get the pairs mixed up . two of my favourites are the unfortunate desk clerk 's ( joe grifasi ) , continual mixing up of sadie shelton/ratliff which results in his receiving a broken jaw instead of the passionate night of love making he imagined , and especially fabio alberici 's ( michele placido ) , total confusion about just who are the women who he is supposed to be doing business with - one minute they are corporate killers , the next ladies too afraid to pick up a car phone ! the hilarious crossovers of characters walking in one door and coming out as another is beautifully played out in the breakfast room scenes when both women ( one from the country and the other from the city ) , seemingly sit down for two breakfasts each much to the total confusion of each other and also the staff . it is however the unforgettable one liners that are liberally sprinkled throughout the script that create the greatest laughs and congratulations have to go to both bette midler and lily tomlin for making them seem just as fresh and funny on the tenth screening as on the first . classics like : " im gon na dip him in flour and fry him in his own grease ! " , " oh my god it 's so cosmopolitan " , " oh sure its full of crowds , smog , sex fiends , and white slavers , it 's a pistol , i 've got about as much use for it ( new york ) , as a toad has for spit pearls ! " , " computer chips , they 've got their ways ! " , and " have you got your brains and your balls in your briefcase ? " , are guaranteed to crack you up with laughter as each new misunderstanding presents itself in the convoluted script . total escapism perhaps but this comedy never fails to get me laughing and coming back for more . it is a real pity that " big business " , so far has marked the only time that bette midler and lily tomlin have worked together as the pair combine so well and would be wonderful together again in some other comedy vehicle . this film is a true comic treasure and can be enjoyed by all ages . i 've been introducing it to my friends and family for years and the film now has many people as devoted and fanatical about it as i am ! so i 'd say to you that unless you have your brains and your balls in your briefcase get out there and find yourself a copy of this classic film soon if you have n't already . you wont regret it for one minute if only to enjoy these two comic legends , in bette midler and lily tomlin battling it out in a country values vs city profits laugh feast in " big business " . enjoy !
while elmo going to the doctor is a good part in the video , that is not the only good thing about this one . it features several shorts with cartoons and different characters . my favorite part of the video ( and my daughter 's ) is the part featuring ernie and bert . ernie decides he is going to be a doctor , and needs bert 's help so he can practice doing the things doctors do . bert just wants to know if he is healthy , and after putting him through several tests , ernie says that he does n't know if bert is healthy or not because he is n't a doctor-but he just needs 23 years of school before he can tell him if he is healthy or not ! the cartoons are funny , and there is a never before seen elmo 's world at the end all about doctors , too . very cute
smack volume 1 represents the streets , music , arts , culture and knowledge of the hip-hop generation . smack takes a deeper look into the lives of celebrities in their natural settings through on the spot interviews , from backstage to the studios . features recording artists 50 cent , busta rhymes , and eminem dissing ja rule in a never before seen interview . then spend a week in miami with cam'ron and the diplomats , and pharrell beat boxing with fam-lay.hang with p. diddy as he hypes a harlem street corner battle and much more
shipment was very fast and dvd is just as discribed . i even got a car with it ! ! !
sometimes , when you 're in an overly silly mood , only one thing will do : pauly shore . that 's why i love bio-dome . it 's just silly all over . the concept is utterly ridiculous...2 stoner community college kids mistake an enclosed environment , the bio-dome , for a mall and get trapped inside for a year . if you enjoy pauly shore in all his silly glory , you 'll have a lot of fun with bio-dome . do n't take it too seriously...just watch and laugh . for those who enjoyed encino man and son-in-law , bio-dome will do the trick . an amusing way to spend an hour and a half .
masterful pretty much says it all . i agree with the reveiwers who rated it " one of the best all time movies " ---not just among westerns . this film is wayne 's high noon . the hard edges play well with today 's viewers and the things we confront . you will travel with the duke as he is consumed by hate . he 's not out to save the young lady , but to destroy her . what will happen when he is face to face with her ? watch and enjoy a great film ! if you are looking for a new western i highly recomemend " broken trail !
an exercise in self-aggrandizement , but done so well it 's forgivable . set in london circa 1910 , chaplin plays an aging music hall comedian who once made audiences laugh but is now over the hill . one day as he stumbles home drunk , he smells gas , and rescues a young girl ( claire bloom ) from a suicide attempt . he nurses her back to health and sees to it that she resumes her dancing career . between being philosophical about life and keeping his own career afloat , chaplin performs a couple of old routines from the past , including a great sketch with buster keaton in which he plays the fiddle and keaton the piano ( it was both their swan songs ) . the movie is autobiographical and reeks of self-importance , with a number of references to chaplin 's carrer in pictures alluded to . but there 's intelligence , too , and not a little sentimentality ( what chaplin picture does n't contain this ? ) , but chaplin is such a demanding master that there is n't a moment of sloughing off or cheapness . chaplin did everything , from writing the script to composing the music , and all of it is touched with genius . made in 1952 , the movie , amazingly , was not seen in hollywood until 1972 .
many shows have their moments , but this is the first show i 've ever laughed out loud , multiple times in one episode . the humor is so creative and edgy and amazingly timed . i will say that you do need to be around my age ( i 'm 40 ) to get alot of the inside jokes , but if you do their hilarious . and if you do n't there 's still plenty to make you laugh . i would highly recommend all three volumes that are out now
( just as a note , that 's the japanese title )  there 's something about this movie that i 've always liked . i 'm not sure what it is , but being a pokemon fan , of course i like it . the movie have always been great , and this one has something that i really like about it . the movie starts out in the north pole , with a scientist named dr. lund , his friend yuko , and his son , tory . there is suddenly an explosion , and tory is trampled by a frightened pack of walrein . and , as they say , after that , all heck broke looks . a meteor is the reason for the explosion , and the creature inside the meteor is more than your average pokemon . deoxys , a rare pokemon from another planet ( woah , more than one poke-planet ? niiice . ) the strange creature , carrying a rock with a gem inside , is suddenly attacked by the large , dragon-esque rayquaza , a frequenter of the ozone layer . so , what the heck is he here for ? ah , so rayquaza feels threatened by deoxys , and so , both pokemon break out in a rather spectacular pokemon battle . ( with some pretty cool background music , might i add . ) so , professor lund flees with his colleages , and son . four years later , a young pokemon trainer named ash ketchum , along with some friends , enter the high tech city of la rousse , and as fate would have it , tory 's hometown . and , well , i wo n't spoil it from there . the plot is good , and deoxys ' 'destructive ' intentions are less cruel than one would think . do n't worry , folks , no angsty mewtwo-copy here . also , rayquaza brings some nice battles into the movie . his fights against deoxys are totally awesome . the soundtrack is also great . i really love the music played during the opening scenes of the movie , and the fights between rayquaza and deoxys . the animation is very spiffy , shiny bright and new : p .  i have n't had the pleasure of watching the original japanese version of the movie , but when i do , i 'll tell you all about it , 'kay ? well , i guess that pretty much wraps things up . oh yes , tory 's afraid of pokemon , due to the whole 'get attacked by a herd of walrein ' thing . heh . okay then , sayanora , faithful readers !
i did not have many expectations when this came out as a movie but was pleasantly surprised ! the dvd was a must own as soon as it came out
wrath of the dragon . introduction : the dragon ball z series is one of the finest animes out there , as any fan of japanese animation will tell you . the series has a " love it or hate it " reputation , but those fans who get into the series are totally immersed by it for a number of reasons . young people love the series for the fast-paced action and adventure , while older fans enjoy it for the sheer number of characters , and the way they are developed and evolve over the course of time . it 's no wonder the series is considered akira toriyama 's magnum opus , and by far the best of the three dragon ball series . when toei animation made dragon ball into an anime , they did n't copy toriyama 's mangas verbatim . they added in many sagas and plot elements not in the manga , often as a result so that the manga and anime were released at the same pace . toei even created movies based on the series ! there were thirteen movies , two television specials , and one ova/oav . while not usually canon to the storyline , they are an undeniable part of the dragon ball z franchise that ca n't be ignored . overview : this is the thirteenth of the thirteen dragon ball z movies . the story : majin buu is beaten . our heroes have won . peace has returned . yeah , right . just as everyone has settled down , gohan and videl rescue an old suicidal man , and help him to unlock the seal on a music box of his using the dragon balls . what they do n't know is that this old man is from a race of warlocks who once unleashed a great evil upon the universe . the z fighters must join forces with a warrior who came from within the music box to fight against this unspeakable evil that once terrorized the universe . but are they strong enough ? review of story : this is one of my favorite dragon ball z movies , due in no small part to the unique storyline , and some battle scenes that are absolutely spectacular . granted , i wish vegeta had a larger role , but no big complaints there . there is no other part of the dragon ball z series that has a storyline anything like this . the interaction between trunks and tapion is excellent as well . and the ending ? let 's just say it stands on a plane all its own . you wo n't want to miss it . official ? this is a rare example of a dragon ball z movie that could have taken place in the actual series storyline . right after the defeat of buu , this would fit into the actual series continuity . it did n't exist in the original manga so i consider it unofficial , but you be the judge . review of dvd : all of funimation 's dragon ball z dvds are pretty much the same as far as content goes . there is no bonus content , unless you consider the obligatory trailers on the dvd to be bonus material . and honestly , i could have lived without them . some more recent dvds have character profiles , though these are lacking and could have been written better . why could n't get get interviews with cast and crew , or trivia/facts , something like that ? funimation has a lot of room to improve on the dvds . the dubbed version : lots of people tend to bash funimation 's dub of the dragon ball z series ? why ? it 's inaccurate and sometimes just plain stupid . they can do good dubbed versions for plenty of other animes , such as full metal alchemist , but every time they 've tried dubbing toriyama 's classic , they butcher it to hell . the nu metal they put in as background music only further defiles the original series . stick with the uncut subbed track . overall : get it . dragon ball z movies do n't get any better than this . edition notes : it was released in edited and uncut versions . do i even have to say it ? get uncut . and watch the subtitled japanese version .
i really liked this dvd...has a lot of information and covered a lot of their important games . the special features are interesting , as well
i was pleasantly surprised by this movie . the sex scenes were some of the best i 've seen because they were graphic yet very realistic . the story was touching and honest . if you 're an adult who enjoys a realistic story that is very hot , you will definitely enjoy this gem . watch and enjoy
i am a huge chef ! fan . i have been watching the show since it was on bbc america and my local pbs station . i was excited to find that the " complete collection " was finally available on dvd . i got the package and could not wait to start watching the show and that is when the dissappointment sat in . i realized that shows were missing from the " complete collection " like : divorice ? , gareth 's father and the christmas special " a bird in the hand " . can someone please tell me how this can be the " complete collection " with those episodes ommitted from the dvd ?
i thought this was an excellent , excellent film . i saw it for the first time last night , and i was struck by how well it was acted and filmed . ( it was directed by jean renoir , so it has his skill as a baseline recommendation , but it was exceptionally good . ) in response to those who protest that it gives an unrealistic view of war and ignores its horrors , i would admit that perhaps some of the conditions were idealized ( the prison rooms looked like slightly-dingy hotel rooms , and the treatment of the prisoners . ) however , one should realize how different world war one was from world war two or other more recent wars . wwi had a few decent reasons for being fought , but primarily it was about european countries seeking to defend their national pride and expand their territorial holdings . as seen in this film and " all quiet on the western front " , ( and the poetry of e.e . cummings ) many soldiers got into combat and realized that they were not that different than the men on the other side of the trenches . they fought for the ideals of their respective countries , but separated from the propaganda , your enemy could be your neighbor . in wwii , there was an obvious evil ( genocide ) to fight against that needed to be defeated , but wwi had mostly stereotypes to lend menace . " grand illusion " , like " the rules of the game " reflects the decline of the great aristocratic families of europe that was occuring during and after wwi . ancient families that had controled dynasties for centuries were left without the power they had held . the world moved on and left them in anachronism , a reality which von rauffenstein and boieldieu foresee . much of the film is focused on the universality of the human condition . it does n't deny the differences between people , but it shows how the connections between people can transcend some of these barriers when faced with the reality of war
