this book was horrible . if it was possible to rate it lower than one star i would have . i am an avid reader and picked this book up after my mom had gotten it from a friend . i read half of it , suffering from a headache the entire time , and then got to the part about the relationship the 13 year old boy had with a 33 year old man and i lit this book on fire . one less copy in the world...do n't waste your money . i wish i had the time spent reading this book back so i could use it for better purposes . this book wasted my life
i like to use the amazon reviews when purchasing books , especially alert for dissenting perceptions about higly rated items , which usually disuades me from a selection . so i offer this review that seriously questions the popularity of this work - i found it smug , self-serving and self-indulgent , written by a person with little or no empathy , especially for the people he castigates . for example , his portrayal of the family therapist seems implausible and reaches for effect and panders to the " shrink " bashers of the world . this " play for effect " tone throughout the book was very distasteful to me
this book was horrible . if it was possible to rate it lower than one star i would have . i am an avid reader and picked this book up after my mom had gotten it from a friend . i read half of it , suffering from a headache the entire time , and then got to the part about the relationship the 13 year old boy had with a 33 year old man and i lit this book on fire . one less copy in the world...do n't waste your money . i wish i had the time spent reading this book back so i could use it for better purposes . this book wasted my life
i 'm not sure who 's writing these reviews , but i read repitition after repitition after repitition , with a lot of confusing fluff . asking hard questions to solve complex or simple issues . what 's " fierce " about that ? the writing style and content just did n't flow . was n't real . i mean , in one section , she actually uses the term " bucko , " as in , " let me tell you something , bucko . " what are we in " happy days ? " could n't take the book seriously after that . very bad .
i picked up the first book in this series ( the eyre affair ) based purely on its premise and was left somewhat underwhelmed . still , the potential for the series seemed so large that i went ahead and read this second one too , only to be even less enchanted with the franchise . this is a pure sequel , and any newcomers are advised to read the misadventures of thursday next is strict order , lest one miss out of allusions to past events . although... on further consideration , maybe it does n't matter , since clearly anything can and will happen in this series , and fforde is n't all that interested in keeping to a linear plotline anyway . the setting is the same as the first book , an alternate mid-1980s england in which literature is the preeminent social preoccupation . fresh off the events of " the eyre affair " , thursday next ( a police officer specializing in literature related crimes , such as first-edition forgeries , valuable manuscript thefts , and the like ) is gritting her teeth through a new round of fame as the woman who saved jane eyre ( and changed the ending for the better ) , when all she wants to do is cuddle up at home with her new husband landen . unfortunately , the evil goliath corporation has managed to use a corrupt member of the chronogaurd ( timestream police ) to delete landen from this timeline and are holding his existence hostage . in the first book thursday imprisoned one of their top men inside poe 's " the raven " , and it seems they want him back . this a potentially interesting plot , but it keeps get lost amidst all the other things fforde throws into the mix . most notable are a series of strange coincidences which keep coming close to killing thursday ( and are also linked to events in the first book ) . another plotline concerns the discovery of a " lost " shakespeare play , which looks to be the most important literary event of the century , if thursday can authenticate it . there 's also the small matter of thursday 's pregnancy . and just when one is comfortable with thursday 's role as a " specops litratech " , and that whole milieu , she 's thrown into an entirely new one as a member of " jurisfiction " , a kind of police comprised of book characters who move around in different literary works and maintain order.. . finally , her father pops up to inform her that something in the timestream has gone wrong and the entire world is going to be turned into a mass of pink sludge in a few days unless he can figure it out , and can she help him . phew ! i 've probably missed one or two elements , but you get the idea . fforde is just brimming with nifty ideas , but the shame of it is that he ca n't stop and give any of them the attention they deserve . it 's impossible to get invested in any of the plotlines when you know he 's just going to move on to something else in a few pages , and it 's impossible to care about the characters when their existence is utterly malleable , as is time and place . i suppose it 's all meant to be puckish good fun , but the overall effect is more an attention deficit disorder nancy drew heroine meets a poor-man 's douglas adams . the book has its occasional moments , but the humor is far too broad and unsubtle , and there 's absolutely no narrative tension . all the literary in jokes in the world ca n't save this shambling wreck , and i do n't think i 'll be moving on to the next book .
not only do i disagree with his opinions , but some of his facts are blatently false . on page 106 he refers to violence agains native americans by european settlers as " isolated instances " and not planned nor calculated . had to read it for a class and it was less then enjoyable
&quot ; i have received your new book against the human race , and thank you for it . never was such cleverness used in the design of making us all stupid . one longs , in reading your book , to walk on all fours . but as i have lost that habit for more than sixty years , i feel unhappily the impossibility of resuming it . nor can i embark in search of the savages of canada , because the maladies to which i am condemned render a european surgeon necessary to me ; because war is going on in those regions ; and because the example of our actions has made the savages nearly as bad as ourselves.&quot ; voltaire ( 1755
this book was on somebody 's amazon.com listmania for sea turtles , so i hunted it down . it is only vaguely about sea turtles , in that it is set on an island in georgia where sea turtles nest . there is a sea turtle biologist introduced at the very beginning of the book , and then he disappears , so it 's obvious that he was involved in the crime . there are way too many characters in this book to keep track of and most of them are not believable or likable . i wish this book had at least been fun to read but it was tedious and i ended up skimming the whole thing , looking for any sign of sea turtle interaction . skip this book and send your $ 6.99 to a sea turtle hospital instead .
i am not sure whatever possessed me to buy this book . honestly , it was a complete waste of my time . to quote a friend , it was not the best use of my entertainment dollar . if you are a fan of pedestrian writing , lack-luster plots and hackneyed character development , this is your book
when professor polk describes the sweep of history in iraq , he is at his best , but the book often descends into a political diatribe that is neither appropriate nor grounded in the facts . much of the political ranting is supposition , marring what would otherwise be an interesting and informative work . the ranting gets especially tedious towards the end . my advice , read the first part and skip the last half
this is a story of the lives of 5 people who attended college with the author during the early 1980s in post cultural revolution china . the 5 people live relatively miserable lives , touched by official corruption and incompetence ( with the exception of one who benefits handsomely ) . china is portrayed as a country filled with desperate people lacking any morality , with widespread corruption , and widespread incompetence . this view is difficult to reconcile with the economic development and obvious progress that has occurred there in the past 20 years . this book is an interesting read as gossip often can be , but it is doubtful the 5 people portrayed represent present day china
this is the sixth book in the left behind series . it is also the first one in the series i did not finish in one sitting . it did not flow as well as the others , so as to lend itself to a complete reading in one evening . the book also spends a lot of time re-telling what we read in previous books . i felt this time like i read half a novel . the book starts in the thirty-eighth month into the tribulation . but most of the characters seem a little too self serving in this book . allowing their own desires to guide their actions . whether that desire be derived from rage , revenge , self pity , or even guilt . rayford spends most of his time focusing on hattie or his desire to kill the anti-christ . though i do like the description of the handgun that rayford procures . and when the time comes for the assassination , there are a few characters to chose from . the book ends in an old time cliff hanger where you are left guessing who it is that assassinated the anti-christ . stay tuned for the next volume . i have read this far , so i will finish the series . though most people my find this book suspensful , i did not
this book is essentially about how culture is used to promote the interest of stronger , imperial powers . said condemns intellectuals in the west who in his eyes are " agents of exploitation " . yet said himself is an agent of racism . a pan arabist , he always supported arab unity and " islam " at the expense of non-arab and non-moslem peoples . said directs and manipulates the western taste for self criticim , and all that does is deflect the world 's attention from arab and moslem attrocities committed against christians , kurds , jews , israelis , coptic christians , non-arab sudanese , etc . thus , reading said , you would never realize that sadam hussein 's poisoning of the kurds has never been condemned by one arab intellectual or leader . this is because a racist prevalent attitude in the arab mind is that the entire middle east should be arab . this also explains the attitude towards israel , a country that is predominantly non-moslem and speaks a middle eastern language other than arabic . the pity is that said himself is a christian , yet he never spoke on behalf of coptic christians in egypt , or the right of christians to practice their faith in saudi arabia and probably other places in the arab world . he is facilitating the overall aim of panarab nationalists by distracting the west from what is happening in the arab world . for a better understanding of relations between the west and islam , i recommend books by bernard lewis , such as " the moslem discovery of europe " and the " jews of islam " . i also recommend books by the egyptian scholar and jewish refugee yael bat yeor , such as " the dhimmi " .
oh , yes - this is a very fine book... for me to poop on ! in other words , it 's a joke book . it 's just another one of a half dozen duds out there , all trying to slam whoever happens to be the # 1 retailer at the time - this decade it 's wal-mart . foreign countries paying their workers less ? blame wal-mart ! worker insurance prices going sky high because the medical industry over-estimates it 's fees ? blame wal-mart ! crooked unions feeling threatened they 'll get their butts kicked by non-union competition ? blame wal-mart ! etc. , etc . you just have to laugh at how these semi-journalistic schlockmeisters try so desperately to compare themselves to a real activist like micheal moore , who actually accomplishes some social good once in awhile . but you know who 's really laughing ? that 's right - wal-mart . that 's because they 've already built their thousands of stores , and been in business for over 40 years , so it 's way too late now for these mealy-mouthed media wannabes to do anything about it ! and what do these ersatz authors expect at this very late date , anyway ? that millions of consumers , during these roller-coaster economic times , will be instantly brainwashed by these new crackpot books and then suddenly start to " boycott lower prices " ? ha ! ha ! ha ! like i said , this has got to be just another joke book
hands down this is bukowski 's single worst book . bought it when it first came out just before/after his death in 1994 . having read just about everything the man had written , " pulp " was a hugely disappointing epitaph . if you 've never read bukowski start with " post office " or the short story collections , but avoid this like the plague . a bad book . i ca n't think of a single reason to recommend it
very average book ! frei does n't go down as one of my favorite sports writers . loves to sensationlize rather then just tell a great story
this book had a good message , and could have had a lasting impact on me . but the plot was obscenely dull , and the middle of the book ( gene and finny relationship ) does not seem to fit in with the rest of the book . not recommended
finally there is a solution to the problem of world poverty ! yunnus has proven , by the success of his bank 's loans to the desperately poor , that the poor are masters of survival and the best equipped to pull themselves out of poverty given the right tools and support . founder of the grameen bank , he and his collaborators in many coutries throughout the world ( including the us and canada ) have shown that lending to the poor , helping them realize their own potential and giving them the support network they need to succeed is having dramatic results wherever it is tried . yunnus ' book is inspiring and an eye-opener . it made me realize that professionals working in large international charity organizations can not bring about genuine change unless their offices and employees live and work among the people they are trying to help . it 's hard to separate the book from the idea . one is as fascinating as the other . out of 5 points , i give it a six
while reading this book i found the details of some cases to be unbelievable . also , the " photographs " of the murderers and detectives all looked fuzzy and more like drawings . i 've read a lot of true crime and never heard of catching a murderer because he breathed his asthma medication on the murder victim 's hair . or because they chemically deduced which cologne he wore . and who leaves their backdoor open when they know a violent doberman pinscher has been getting through their backyard fence ? sure , just let that dog on in . and whose place of employment has a record of all employee 's blood " groups " ( not their types , just their groups ) , when the employee does n't even know himself what group he is ? then i read the introduction , which i always skip , and found out this book is fiction , not true crime as the cover announced and in which section it was in in the book store . as fiction , it 's okay , ( i prefer agatha christie ) , but i do n't believe the forensic work in this book is even based on any fact . so read it for entertainment , but do n't be so gullible as to believe any of it
i was disappointed in this book--especially after reading the other stellar reviews ( which are all , weirdly , from texas , where the author lives ) . when it 's a book about logic and clear thinking , a reader expects that book to be free of typographical errors , imprecise logic , and muddled thinking . needless to say , i almost put the book down after reading the introduction because of the missing words and typographical errors . exampe from page 11 : " because the real is out there , we must effectively with it.... " here 's another gem from the same page : " i am sorry to have to tell you that fact , but that is the way things are . that is the nature of nature . that is the reality of reality . "  look at page 33 . the author states , " why when one exception is uncovered , multiple other exceptions surface almost right away is not entirely clear... . probably this has something to do with the way we humans view reality . " very disappointing--has n't this author studied any cognitive psychology ? it 's called confirmation bias and it 's entirely clear . one more example ! on page 60 , the author states that barbara boxer , a senator from california , " does n't know the difference between a revolver and a semiautomatic pistol " and is " unlikely to shed intelligent light on the relative safety of either gun . " ouch . how does he know what barbara boxer knows or does n't know ? she 's actually very well-versed on the difference between the two ; has he heard her speak on the subject ? it comes across as more of an ad hominem attack than anything . anyway , save your money on this book and instead buy jamie whyte 's crimes against logic . now that 's a well-written book !
he gave it all he had , but there just was n't much of interest there . he 's a self-described , turmoiled loser , and not very interesting one to boot . kafka , roth , and jeremy leven ( satan , et al ) , write about similar troubled jews , and are much funnier and interesting . i like his honesty , but , it 's not worth the price of admission
the paleo diet is based on an interesting premise- the idea that what we ate before agriculture suited our needs perfectly because our bodies had been bred by evolution in response to our what we could find to eat in our environment . it seems like a giant leap to assume our paleolithic ancestors naturally gravitated towards exactly what we need to eat . animals in the wild do make sensible choices most of the time , because their decisions are instinctual . self-awareness creates a problem that does n't exist for other animal behavior as it does for humans . sometimes we do things out of curiosity , or laziness , or false beliefs . so , considering the erratic behavior of present-day humans , who is to say our paleolithic ancestors were any more intuitive about their nutritive needs ? even the book suggests humans ate what they did out of trial and error , frequently just trying whatever they encountered in the wild . the fact that wild foods are frequently much richer in nutrients than domestic foods does not mean that you must subscribe to a strict paleolithic diet to take advantage of this fact . rather , eat more wild-sourced food . just about anything edible from the wild will be a healthy food , unless the environment from which it comes is polluted- and that is a very real problem . meat is a very dodgy thing nowadays , not like it was in the pristine wilderness of the paleolithic era . the paleo diet would be a healthy thing if we were still in that world . now , we need to worry about heavy metals in fish flesh , and antibiotics and growth hormones in feedlot animals . beef will have some naturally occuring omega 3 if the animals were allowed to wander in a more or less natural fashion , as they did when the most commonly employed mechanism for animal control was the cowboy . this is no longer true . the average cut of meat in your supermarket is taken from a feedlot animal , fed the wrong food and in conditions unsanitary in the extreme . basing a diet on meat in this day and age can be dangerous . you must choose your meat sources carefully . meat made from free-range animals raised on pesticide-free in a caring manner can be very hard to find . i found loren 's rejection of all products of agricultural development a little too simple minded , and in some cases irresponsible . there is nothing at all unhealthy about whole grain foods or legumes consumed in moderation , and significant weight loss could occur for most people if they ingested organic whole grains and legumes but conscientiously avoided only the major evil products of agriculture : high fructose corn syrup , trans-fatty acids , artifical sweeteners , uncleaned foods raised non-organically with pesticides and herbicides , and improperly raised food animals . my main objection to the book is nearly one hundred pages ( about half ) of the book is dedicated to the spiel- convincing you this thing is real and valid and worth your time . i think the forward to the book or perhaps the first chapter alone would have been sufficient for that purpose . after a while you get the feeling loren is trying too hard to sell this idea to you , and it really interferes with the flow of the book . further , a lot ( but not all ) of the studies cited show only marginal advantages of different aspects of this diet . the claims that you will experience great weight loss and feel better than you ever have are quite nice to imagine , and peppered throughout the book . but it 's hard to believe with the less than overwhelming studies cited . one last nitpick . one great way to compensate for the lack of typical food taste enhancers like salt and sugar is the use of herbs and spices . something very much like the paleo diet already exists as part of peasant cuisines around the world . it 's a pity the recipes included do not explore those , but instead offer somewhat watered down and uninspired fare instead . espscially asian cuisines frequently make due with alot of the ingredients that are ok on the paleo diet , and their interesting spices make it all the more entertaining . i found the recipes far too traditional and western-centric .
if you want a biased and misleading account of the arab war against israel , this ought to satisfy you . shlaim tells us that jabotinsky , in discussing zionism explained that " if the cause is just , justice must triumph . "  i think jabotinsky made a very good point here . you see , human beings will , if given the chance , tend to buy land in the places they wish to live in . the ones who can make best use of the land and wish to do so will be the high bidders for the land . if injustice consists of stealing that land from them and justice consists of letting them buy the land and keep it ( which they will wish to do if they are offered only low prices for it ) , then it is easy to see what the triumph of justice would mean here . in particular , it would mean a prosperous israel and a triumph for zionism . shlaim appears to have missed all this . to him , zionism is unjust . and to him , the triumph of terror and theft is both forthcoming and desirable . he tells us that a new independent levantine arab state " is inevitable . " i disagree . it may be likely . but it would serve no purpose . it would not help jews , arabs , or others . its only purpose would be to damage israel . the people of such a state do not as yet have an independent language , religion , culture , cuisine , or foreign policy . so i think there is still hope that sanity may prevail here . shlaim also tells us that this new arab state will be " weak , demilitarized , and territorially divided . " is it just possible that this , if true , provides even more reasons why neither side might want to create it at all ? and could that make the appearance of this state even less inevitable ? or at least less desirable ? and the author also explains that both sides in the arab-israeli conflict will have to make " painful compromises , " and that jerusalem will have to be " the subject of hard bargaining . "  really ? is having peace and prosperity with reasonable borders a painful compromise ? for either side ? of course not . shlaim is kidding us if he expects us to believe that war , poverty , and destruction are somehow less painful . had shlaim been writing about france and germany , we 'd have seen at once that the whole viewpoint is nonsense . he 'd have been telling us that the german national socialists needed an independent state in france , either to replace all of france or part of it . he would have laughingly dismissed french claims on the basis of the entire idea of france being unjust ! he 'd have sternly explained that a german national socialist state in france was both desirable and inevitable . and he would have discussed the necessary " painful compromises " for both sides and the " hard bargaining " about paris . there are plenty of reasonable books about the arab war against israel . this is n't one of them
did n't care for this book at all . if you want to learn about stephen king you 'd be much better off reading or listening to his book &quot ; on writing.&quot
i have been a fan of sue henry since her first jessie arnold mystery . i was looking forward to reading her lastest adventure , but was very disappointed in this outing . the characters were one-dimensional . after discovering who the " bad guys " were i needed to reread part of the book for clarification . sue henry has a very annoying habit of foreshadowing at the end of many of her chapters . " ...they had n't a notion just how decidedly things could - and would - change in the next few hours . " even the relationship between alex and jessie seemed stilted . i realize it is difficult to create plausible mysteries for a civilian like musher jessie arnold , but this book tried too hard and accomplished too little
i want to make a short comment here : 1 ) this book is quite confusing . it mixed up the real story with the make up one . 2 ) saying that ramanujun thought goldbach conjecture is wrong was a huge mistake . everyone believe that goldbach conjecture is true . and ramanujun is a real genius . i can not stand this make up part
what a bunch of high school hallway gossip ! the author does not know the difference between white and albino ! the 'genetics ' discussions on color ( which includes people , chickens , horses , and dogs - all of it suspect ) and mutts vs. purebred dogs are total claptrap ! i confess , i could n't get past page 87 when the author explains that 'one of the reasons wolves turned into dogs was that nursing human mothers probably adopted orphaned wolf cubs and nursed them at their breasts along with their human babies . ' what ? ? a waste of my hard-earned $ . having read those parts i can not believe anything that went before or that follows , not that i 'm reading any further . how is a multi-published author allowed to put such uneducated 'information ' into print ? and now she 's influenced readers -- a terrible situation . publisher , where are your pre-publication reviews ? shame on you for allowing this ignorant speculation to be published !
this book could have been written in 200 pages instead of 400 if james frey did not repeat himself a million times . although , the book is based on fictional characters the author could have developed the characters more by including more of the occupants from the treatment facility and told their individual stories to make the story flow and make the book more interesting instead of being so repetitive . this book however , did shed some insight on what addicts go through during detox . he could have been less descriptive in the sections where he described getting sick and throwing -up , and the very graphic descriptions he gave when taking his stitches out ; even though his tactic was to show how brave he was , the reader could tell that it was all in his addictive mind ! this book would be an encouragement for someone who is an addict and need something to pull them into reality to show them that they can kick their addiction and change their life before it is too late , like it almost was for james . it was just an okay book and we hope james frey 's next book will be much more interesting
not all that useful , really . message is " buy mutual funds ! " . in general , since the vast majority of mutual funds underperform the market , just buy index funds would be the best advice . most of the text is entirely useless to someone who might want to trade individual stocks . passages suggest that if a company seems undervalued you might want to have lunch with the ceo to go over the financials and confirm your valuation . oh , thanks peter , what great advice... ( " mr. gates , your 11 o'clock is here to discuss purchasing 15 shares " )
the biblical and creator references in this book are overwhelming . i thought i was buying a book about knitting , but found the references too distracting to be able to focus on her knitting instructions .
just finished reading this novel this morning and i think it is probably the weakest one of the lot . like a lot of reviewers , i did n't find this one anywhere near as gripping or well-developed plotwise as a number of the earlier ones in the stephanie plum series . as well , the supposed sexual tension- love triangle between stephanie , joe and ranger is approaching its use-by date . it is definitely becoming boring and i think ms evanovich needs to resolve stephanie 's romantic situation once and for all . i still enjoy characters like lula and grandma mazur but a lot of the situations stephanie found herself in fell flat with me . there are only so many times she can have her car blown up , handbag destroyed , apartment broken into , etc , before it becomes tiresome and repetitive . i still think there is a spark of life in the stephanie plum series , but i hope the next novel is a better effort and not so much by-the-numbers as this one
there are plenty of excellent play therapy books out there , this is not one of them . maybe it 's just me , but a play therapy book should be way more user friendly . i need quick access , color and... art
when you have lost weight , it 's a very natural thing for others to be curious about how you lost your weight and kept it off . whenever they have heard me tell my story , read my blog or book , or found out that i did it on the low-carb lifestyle , one question invariably has come up from time to time :  " what do you think about this low-carb diet where you can eat whatever you want for one-hour per day ? "  my initial reaction to these people was usually something along the lines of this :  " that 's absolutely crazy ! there 's no way you could ever lose weight and keep it off using this method . "  i did the atkins diet and honestly have not stayed on top of all the bazillion other low-carb diets out there . but there was something very odd about this plan that it made me look around to find out more about it . little did i know there was an actual book out there about this very diet so many people had been telling me about . it 's called the carbohydrate addict 's diet and it was written by a husband/wife team drs . richard and rachael heller . the cad diet , as it is referred to , makes the claim ( and i agree with it ) that many people are addicted to carbohydrates and need to be weaned off from depending on them for sustenance . just like a drug addict gets small concentrated doses of their preferred drug daily so they can eventually get by with less and less , that same concept is what goes into the cad diet . if people think the atkins diet is restrictive , then check out what you have to do on the cad diet :  breakfast : zero-carb meal consisting of protein and fat . lunch : zero-carb meal consisting of protein and fat . you are not allowed to eat any bread , fruit , milk , juice , and most starchy vegetables . absolutely no snacking whatsoever except for black coffee or diet soda . you can not use artificial sweeteners either . sound appealing , anyone ? hmmm ? i suppose if that 's all there was to this diet , then nobody would do it . but there is one more key aspect of the cad diet that you probably will be interested in . dinner : eat equal amounts of protein , vegetables and dessert of whatever you want to eat in whatever amount , but it must be eaten in a one-hour time frame . you can even enjoy a beer or glass of wine with your " reward " meal . how 's that for incentive ? you basically starve all day long just so you can get to those sixty minutes at the end of your day where you can say hello to the buffet line ! who would n't enjoy a diet that lets you do that ? ! well , i 'm still very skeptical about any lifestyle change that encourages you to eat the very foods that got you overweight or obese to begin with on a daily basis . i caught a lot of flack from my fellow low-carbers about my controversial " planned splurge " meal every 6-8 weeks during my weight loss . however , the hellers give you a daily planned splurge ! ! ! what 's up with that ? we can blame this on dr. rachael , who stumbled upon this way of eating when she weighed 268 pounds after being on diet after diet . she became a psychologist to learn more about why people overeat ( ostensibly to help herself in the process , too ) . she had skipped breakfast and lunch on a particular day she was fasting for a blood test and then , like most of us would , ate to her heart 's content whatever she wanted for supper . the next morning she noticed she had dropped 2 pounds . thinking something must have gone wrong with her scale , she tried it again the next day , skipping breakfast and lunch and then eating a gargantuan dinner and once again , she lost another pound . she played around with what would eventually become the carbohydrate addict 's diet and went on to lose 150 pounds which she has kept off to this day . the frequency of eating carbohydrates is the key behind the cad diet . the hellers believe that anyone who consumes any amount of carbohydrates during the day will set off all the bells and whistles in your body that you are hungry faster than if you avoided them altogether . they say that eating carbs throughout the day is like giving lots of small doses of cocaine to a cocaine addict . it will make them crave their poison even more ! that 's why you basically avoid eating carbs on the cad diet until the end of the day . this process of getting over carbohydrate addiction is a tricky one , and the hellers think they have found a solid plan for making it work for lasting weight loss in people . i still ca n't get around the fact that you do n't change the poor eating habits of the people who have packed on the pounds . sure , they basically starve themselves throughout the day before they eat their one big meal each day , but how is that stimulating the metabolism and preventing the biggest obstacle to weight loss success -- hunger ! there 's no way i could do the cad diet because i enjoy eating every 2-3 hours to keep my digestive process constantly in motion . i truly believe this is one of the things that has helped me lose the weight and keep it off . since you can not snack or use artificial sweeteners on the cad diet , it would literally drive me insane even if there was that " reward " meal at the end of the day ! wan na take a test to see if you are a carb addict ? click here to take the 10-question carbohydrate addict 's test . i scored a 2 , which means " you do not appear to be carbohydrate addicted . " no kidding , ya think ? dr. jonny bowden , author of living the low-carb life , examined the cad diet and said the diet uses some fuzzy science to make their points about why their plan works . " while it seems pretty clear that there are both insulin and serotonin abnormalities in the obese , it 's not at all clear that high levels of insulin depress levels of serotonin , as the hellers hypothesize--in fact , the majority of the evidence points to the opposite response . "  furthermore , dr. bowden said he is concerned about the lack of attention on exercise as part of their weight loss program , stating " it 's vital to both maintaining weight and to raising the metabolic rate . "  while the carbohydrate addict 's diet has worked for a lot of people and i always tell people to do what works for them to lose weight and keep it off , i still have my reservations about this program . i think i 'll pass on carb-loading my body for one hour a day
this book is just plain stupid . if it works for people and helps them lose weight i realize they will be estatic . however , it is not healthy . each of our meals should be balanced . these people are promoting unbalanced eating . the reason so many of us are carb sensitive is because we have spent a lifetime over indulging on carbs ! if one were to sit down and eat each meal with balanced food groups , including complex carbs in small amounts , we would not only lose weight in a safe manner , but we would heal our bodies from the inside out . this diet wo n't heal us , it is a fad . if anyone is looking to really heal their metabolism , lose weight and even heal disease , try reading " the schwarzbein principle " by diana schwarzbein , md . that is a great book on how to heal diabetes , hypoglycemia , and many other things . it also explains how eating balanced and giving up stimulants will not only help us lose weight , but reverse aging and stop having food cravings in the first place . this book promotes eating unhealthy foods and is only about weight loss , not getting healthy .
no wonder john gardner did n't write more fiction books . he was far too preoccupied with what he believes makes good fiction , rather than actually writing it . " creative atrophy " i believe john gardner himself would call it . if there 's ever been a better example of the " those who ca n't do , teach " argument , i have n't encountered it . this is hardly the place a " young writer " should start . instead , how about reading what you like and avoiding " ignoramouses " such as john gardner ? john gardner is unable to accept the fact that many of the world 's finest writers never made it through college , and many more did n't have the luxury of a " rigorous classical education . " the most hilarious part is where gardner mentions that only through a line-by-line university level discussion will anybody ever be able to fully enjoy shakespeare . it 's interesting to note how gardner , who " taught " creative writing at the university level , fails to exhibit the critical thinking and objectivity he says one can only obtain through a college education
this was originally published in 1911 and promulgates the author 's task management system . this was the beginning of the " scientific management " line of research and so is widely credited as being the first management science book . the essay certainly provides an interesting window into an earlier time . he also illustrates how implementation of management tools requires leadership for success . still , a reader should n't plan on taking away a great many lessons not available from other sources . the book should appeal mainly to those specialists working in the field and to historians rather than most readers
i know a lot of people liked this book , but it did n't work for me . the main character and his buddies run around like chickens with their heads cut off , acting as if they have committed a huge crime . the problem is , they did n't . there is no crime . i talked to several cops and a prominent defense attorney about this plot , and it makes no sense . it would make sense if someone comes after the mcguffin , early on , but no one does , not until very late in the book . so most of the story has no foundation .
if tony hillerman wrote this novel ( novella actually ) , i sure ca n't tell . i have been a chee/leaphorn fan for many years , but this novel is not in the same league with hillerman 's other work . it is reminiscent of a 'b ' movie . instead of building suspense , the plot is laid out all too plainly , the characters are unreal , and the chee/bernie romance does n't ring true . i am amazed that it was published
i gave this book two stars because the book was a little boring and dragged on in some areas . the best information was in the margins and the quotes not really any of the information in the book . i have read : carolyn , bill , and amy 's books and i want to give this one a try . this book is truly for the apprentice tv lover but if you are looking for business advice this is not the book for you
really tried to like this book . premise was grand ; story bobbed and weaved ; conclusion was flimsy . discursive scientific literalizations distract & disorient . crichton breaks the rule to never stanch the flow . i dislike the quartet of scientists who investigate the outbreak ; they do n't come across to the reader as likeable
i could n't read past the second chapter . roberts is just perpetuating the same old stereotypes about muslims . it really steamed me that she used a verse of the quran out of context for the title page of " the bitter " . " your wives are your fields , so go to your fields as you like " is n't meant as a justification of sexual abuse and has never been interpreted as so by real scholars of the quran . i 'm not going to finish this book , because i 'd rather not be reminded of how much i am viewed as some sort of exotic , oppressed " other " type of woman , thanks .
this was one of five books that i brought from amazon.com and by far the worst of the lot . this man has one idea about how the government really works . take it from me i have been with the irs for five years
i bought this book while rushing through an airport terminal needing something to read on the plane . not one of my better decisions . very wordy , and the dialogue is so clipped and stilted it 's totally absurd -- reminds me of the way the cops talked in " dragnet . " we are talking zero development of characters . perhaps mr. woods feels he does n't need to give any depth to characters that he 's been writing about in previous books . well , he 's wrong . you basically just do n't care about these people . they are n't real , and they talk weird . not much action either , unless you count actions like : they got in the car ; they got in the boat ; they got in the plane . you get the picture . this is another case of a well-known author throwing something together so he can get it on the newsstand and rob you of your money . do n't fall into his trap like i did . there are a lot better books out there .
should martha rules have included any information regarding her going to prison as a " business decision " ? i would have been interested in reading about the pr strategy used in this " criminal spectacle " designed to make the question of martha/mdiddy 's innocence a moot point . are honest business practices being pushed to the side ? by normalizing , generalizing , and minimalizing martha/mdiddy 's crimes , are we loosing our morality ? how important is integrity to a leader...former ceo of a company ? be " thoughtful
mine got unsuspended with the second boyfriend 's death . i am a great fan of nora roberts and really looked forward to this book . believe me , it is not one of her best . i started off admiring her setting and characterization of the hale family , but , then , this went on way too long . it also took way too long to get to the real story . the middle of the book bogged down to the point that i had to make myself keep reading , which is very unusual for nora roberts . much of the plot was over the top unbelievable . how many boyfriends of one person can be killed ? the 20 year mystic connection with bo does n't quite come off , either . i 'll certainly remain a great fan of roberts , but no one 's perfect , i guess .
i found this book very boring . tyler does a good job on detailing the charictors but i kept waiting for something to happen . poor maryam never developed into a person she was so caught up in trying to be a proper american . i will read another of her books since she is so well thought of
this book is not as good as i thought it would be . i hope i have better readings with bryan tracy 's advance selling
i am by no means an economist , and much less an expert on finance , but this book strikes me as a thinly veiled , unsubtle hatchet job on the efficient markets hypothesis . i 've seen much subtler discussions of the efficient market hypothesis written for general audiences , enough of them so i can recognize that lowenstein does n't get it ; he equates efficient markets with " the price that the market offers is always the intrinsic value , " and not with " you ca n't reliably predict intrinsic value any better than market prices themselves do . " this is a crucial difference , because it is only by assuming that market efficiency is the first that his attack holds water . the other thing that makes me very suspicious about this book is the way lowenstein presents the character of the various people involved in the story , given what his sources are . reading between the lines , i just have to wonder if his description of the personality and character of the people he describes as the core folks at ltcm is much too informed by interviews with people who 've had a falling out with them
inspired by his uncle , eddie , who worked at an amusement park , albom writes a well-coordinated tale of people who connect here and in the afterlife , which is described by him as a very materialistic ambience . the concept is old : a better life beyond and a reason for the people with whom you cross paths . there are concepts to be learned from the five people . the story is delightful and cavalier . trish new , author of the thrill of hope and south state street journal
this is a moderately well-spun book about the " no spin zone . " should be called the " know spin zone " since really nothing in it is objective . o'reilly is a case-study in the typesubjective journalism that is prevalent in the media these days and the book shows this . in other words it 's a must read for everyone with the ability to see through it . if you ca n't see through o'reilly 's bias then this book is poison
one of the blurbs i read on the book jacket compared this book to into thin air and the perfect storm . no way ! . those two books were edge-of-your-seat reading experiences . this account of a kayaking expedition is just plain boring . the action does n't start until about halfway or more into the book and even then , the cliched writing and deification of balf 's subjects make this book very hard to get through . unless you are a serious kayaking fan , i would not recommend this book
hey here 's an idea . what if hitler was right all along , only it is men , not jews , who are to blame for all the woes of the world . we should build a new auschwitz and exterminate them all . right andrea ? in my opinion , this is just as bad as any misogynist . it 's ridiculous garbage like this that has set the women 's liberation movement back for so long
" the glorious cause " is the sequel to " rise to rebellion , " and since the first novel was so good i eagerly dove into this one , but was disappointed to find it had nowhere near the same depth and quality of characterization . on a scale of 1 to 10 , i give it a 4 , as compared to the 8 i would give " rise to rebellion . "  the events recounted in " rise to rebellion " involving the lead up to the revolutionary war seemed so much more detailed and interesting , with a vast array of characters that were so colorful ; john adams , paul revere , samuel adams , ben franklin , and others . " the glorious cause " was not without its merits , but it seemed so much drier and less appealing , with a more narrow focus . it was far too long in some parts , to the point my attention wandered , and getting through it was a chore in some sections , unlike the preceding novel which seemed to turn its own pages . i listened to this book on audio tape during my commute , and often found myself impatiently trying to keep my focus upon the narrative while controlling my urge to fast forward to a livelier scene . one element i felt truly slighted by was the coverage of benedict arnold and his defection to the british cause . i assumed this would be one of the lengthier and more rewarding sections of the book , but it zipped by fairly rapidly with little genuine immersion into the subject material . a mark of a good book is how i feel when i have finished reading it - if i am disappointed i have reached the end of the story , then i know it was time well spent . getting to the end of " the glorious cause " felt more like finishing some particularly grueling outdoor project ; it was uncomfortable work , and now that i 'm done i feel i can do something a bit more interesting . because shaara did such a good job with " rise to rebellion " i do n't feel my lack of appeal for this book is his responsibility ; perhaps the subject matter did n't complement my taste as well . i prefer interesting historial detail over tepid , droning battle descriptions , and i feel the differences between those two categories represent perfectly the differences between " rise to rebellion " and " the glorious cause .
do yourself a favor - do n't waste your time with this book
if you 're thinking of reading this book , let me save you some time--do n't . i like a good literary read as much as the next guy ( really ) , and make it a point to read all the pulitzer winners , but this book , in perfectly plain english , sucked . there is no plot , no beginning , middle or end , and is so tedious and boring that i actually started reading it from the back forward . it did n't help , but it did n't make a wit of difference either . do your self a favor and skip it
not as good as &quot ; entre nous&quot ; - less fun and more acedemic . but even then it is not a well written essay . the few good salient points are repeated too often , and with not much creativity or development
" the other boleyn girl " and " the queen 's fool " are two of the best books i 've ever read--and i 've read a lot of books , especially about this period , which especially fascinates me . they were gripping to the end , and my involvement with the characters was complete--true masterpieces . so whenever a new book by philippa gregory comes out , i buy it , hoping to have the same experience , and lately have been sorely disappointed . " the virgin 's lover " fell flat , and now i am trying to read this book but not finding myself engaged , must give it up . one reviewer suggested the books were being written too quickly--that is always an easy guess , however it depends on the writer . anthony trollope , for instance , was able to turn out amazing book after amazing book with incredible speed . that may or may not be the case with gregory . i know , as a writer myself , that there are times when the work flows out , feeling almost as if it 's channeled from another source , and times when it 's harder , more mechanical . the more challenging situations are those when i 'm not entirely convinced or in love with my subject . so to me , neither of these books feels as if they spring from a natural impulse . they feel forced , constructed . i 'm going back to trollope
i listened to this as an audiobook . this is the worst book i 've ever listened to from audible . the worst . the narration is just too , too cutesy sweet and the writing is junior high quality at best . unfortunately , i keep hearing emperor franz josef in amadeus saying , " it has , well , too many notes . " barr describes everything ( including clothes , hair , shoes , etc ) with multiple metaphors , a plethora of adjectives , and , well , too many notes . i kept yelling at the author to just shut up and tell the story . i tried three times to listen to it and just wanted to scream after 10 minutes . i 've heard this woman read other books and quite liked them , but her voice and this story just do n't add up to anything other than ear pain and a case of diabetes . where 's michael connelly when you need him
i am a nevada barr fan and was unfortunately disappointed with " high country . " the story takes place in a restaurant ( boring ) . the characters were dull and i kept getting them confused . anna 's constant thinking of how old she feels is tiresome . i also missed anna 's sister , molly , who is only mentioned a few times in the book . sorry , but i really ca n't recommend this book as a good read . if you want to get a feel for a real anna pigeon adventure , pick up " track of the cat " or " liberty falling .
this is the same old tired suggestions for cleaning up your clutter . the suggestions given are to install custom made draws that double and triple pull out . the suggestion for the pantry was to organize cans from little to big ( duh ) and then group like items together ( duh ) that 's in every single organizing book published so this one is not different than any other . also the other suggestion was to install a pull out swinging triple door pantry system . oh is that affordable ? if i had $ 75,000 to redo my kitchen i would install the fancy garbage bin that pulls out of the cabinet and the double drawer pot rack with side lid bins . come on , do n't waste your money on this book or it 's suggestions . very few pictures and all for the rich . i thought good housekeeping was for the everyday family . get it at the library and then return it after you do n't read it .
hmm , quite a disappointment , especially after splurging on the hardcover edition . set as a kind of " rockies rear window , " this is one slow story . endless pages of crazy-making when i 'd already guessed the outcome about halfway through . finally skipped ahead to finish the book . i had really looked forward to angels fall , too : ( if you are a roberts fan , do n't spend the money on the hardcover , wait for the paperback , go to the library , or borrow from a friend . not worth the price .
it was mark twain who popularized the aphorism of benjamin disraeli that there are three kinds of lies : lies , damned lies , and statistics . i kept hearing all these marvelous things about freakonomics , a book by steven levitt and stephen dubner , so when i ran across it at 25 % off , i did a stupid freakin ' thing and bought it . i thought , what the freak , i 've got a pretty inquisitive mind and i 'm open to seeing things differently , to discovering new viewpoints . the doubt started early when i got the book home and i first noticed the glowing comments on the dust jacket from the likes of time , the new york times , the washington post , and the los angeles times . when all of the liberal news agencies are lining up to tell me how wondrous a certain publication is , i 'm immediately going to be freakin ' suspicious . author malcolm gladwell tells us on the cover , " prepare to be dazzled . " well , evidently ol ' malcolm is dazzled a whole lot easier than i am . ( i wo n't even mention the smug mug of stephen dubner that taunted me from the book 's dust jacket because i do n't want you to get the idea that i judge a book by its cover . or in this case , a writer by his physiognomy . so i wo n't mention that . )  if you 're the kind of person who is amazed to learn that 70 % of auto accidents occur within 10 miles of a driver 's home , then you just might be dazzled by freakonomics . if i tell you that the company that issues its 5-day-a-week employees only 3 uniform shirts , thinking that it is cutting costs , is probably increasing its overhead , and this fact astounds you - if you must ask " but how ? " - then yes , buy freakonomics and be dazzled . mostly what freakonomics offers ( when its conclusions can be trusted ) is just what we used to call " common sense . " but since america has been reduced to a bunch of corpulent , brain-dead zombies staring vacuously at that box of survivors , and american idols , and lost knuckleheads , good old-fashioned common sense now appears to dazzle the dead ( when you can sever them from that box and put a real book in their hands , that is ) . i dove into freakonomics hoping to find my purchase worthwhile . i got no further than page 13 when my fears were realized : everything would require second-guessing and verifying . on that page , smug mug tells us ( based on a single report by the institute of medicine ) that " drinking eight glasses of water a day has never actually been shown to do a thing for your health . " fortunately , i read your body 's many cries for water by doctor f. batmanghelidj over a decade ago so i already knew what a bunch of bunk that was . in chapter 4 , smug mug " proves " that legalizing abortion in 1973 with the roe v. wade decision was responsible for a national drop in the crime rate . this represents the centerpiece of his book , both literally and ideologically . the first thing the reader must accept is that there really has been a significant drop in crime since the early 1990s . on page 92 , the author acknowledges that the police in atlanta were discovered to be underreporting crime in the early ` 90s in hopes of landing the 1996 olympics . well , would police forces nationally have an incentive to underreport crime generally if it has actually dramatically increased since the ` 90s as predicted ? true , being honest might be means to an increased budget , but it sure would make your department appear inept and unable to maintain control . and surely the chamber of commerce and the big business interests would frown on that public perception . let me ask , do you actually feel you 're less likely to be the victim of a crime now than you did in the early 1990s ? that 's funny , me neither . there 's so much crime now that some of what was once reported to the police agencies goes unreported , and recently , an ex-police officer friend told me that cops can no longer engage in some of the micro-policing they were able to do in the ` 80s and ` 90s because crime is so out-of-control now . in dismissing other possible factors responsible for the huge drop in crime ( if this claim is a verity ) , dubner states that increased police personnel accounts for only 10 % of the drop . having a bit more insight into the nature of police work than does the average civilian , it 's funny that i find myself even contending with the stats smug mug uses that actually work against his theory : i believe the wide-scale hiring of police officers since the early ` 90s could have impacted the crime rate only minimally - less than the 10 % - while actually increasing the municipal coffers via traffic citations significantly . and dubner concludes that right-to-carry firearm laws " simply do n't bring down crime . " ( be sure to read the utterly fascinating book , gunfighters , highwaymen & vigilantes by roger d. mcgrath , for a decidedly different and scholarly viewpoint ! )  in dismissing all explanations for the unexpected drop in crime except legalized abortion , i did n't notice any mention of the tremendous increase in homeschooling and the proliferation of private schools since the early ` 90s , and i wonder if that might have some statistical bearing . ya think ? yes , i think smug mug is selective . he calls some abortions a " crude and drastic sort of insurance policy . " not " immoral . " not " sinful . " but then i did n't expect smug mug to call a sin a sin . and even if levitt and dubner 's hypothesis is correct , that abortions have lowered crime , the fact remains that not every aborted child would have eventually murdered an innocent person , but every aborted child was an innocent person murdered . so why are we even discussing this ? i 'll tell you why : because the pro-choice folks can feel a slightly shifting consensus , and now they 're pulling out all the stops , trying to " statistically " convince the masses that they 're safer with all those unborn potential criminals missing . i find this repulsive ! ( and there are studies indicating that those missing people have , and will continue to have , a negative economic impact on society . )  i wo n't even go into chapter 5 , what makes a perfect parent ? suffice to say that as usual ( surprise ! surprise ! ) all the statistics dubner employs nearly always seem to confirm the rightness of the liberal dogma on each issue . funny how those crunched numbers always crunch conservative beliefs . just know that if you 're a working mother , you have n't cheated your child in the least , but if you 're a dad who thinks that an occasional spanking is in order , you are " unenlightened . " if your kid is watching lots of tv , it is n't turning the " child 's brain to mush . " ( no word on whether or not it 's turning his/her morals to mush though . ) and the studies ( that we are called to pay attention to ) show " that a child 's character was n't much affected whether or not he was sent to day care , whether he had one parent or two , whether his mother worked or did n't , whether he had two mommies or two daddies or one of each . " ( i 've often wondered what might have happened to me if my mom , who was home most of the time , had n't been there to hammer the dangers of drugs into my head day after day , year after year , while i was growing up in the ` 60s and ` 70s . )  i 've given freakonomics two stars because i did find the section on the naming of children very interesting , as well as the story of stetson kennedy 's fight against the " three ks . " but if you 're smarter than i am , you 'll borrow this book from your library rather than paying money for it . economically speaking , that 's just " common cents . "
the back cover to this book was intriguing , and captured me immediately . the writing , however , was so plodding , so inconsistent , and so non-sequential that it was painful to get through to the end . this is aside from the fact that this man appears to be socially inept and unable to manage his affairs from day to day . i ca n't believe that this book made it past the editors . in one paragraph jon katz tells how rose is the only dog for the job of helping him capture his runaway herd of sheet , and in the next he says that rose is too young to herd sheep . in one paragraph he ca n't live without his wife , she gives his very existence meaning , and throughout the book he describes how he lives apart from her in order to...what was it again ? oh , right , herd sheep ! at one point the dog he loves the most is also the one he ca n't connect to and finally gives away . and then ca n't stop visiting , even though everyone knows how confusing that would be to a dog . and why is he wondering why the world looks at grown men funny when they hang around too much with teenage boys - there 's a reason , jon ! if you care at all about literarure , stay away from this book
from the remarks at this site , people either love this novel or hate it . i hated it . i hated it for the reason that it represents all that is bad about mfa program writing in the last 30 years . the emphasis is entirely on style . forget story . forget that your reader needs some reason to be reading the narrative . just throw out and string together wonderful language and the reader will follow you anywhere . some of this thinking goes back to henry james , some of it goes back to virginia woolf who was so terrified of books with plots or dominating conceits ( like h.g . wells ' the time machine ) . the first 100 pages of this novel are about a real estate deal and the people to whom frank bascombe is trying to sell a property . it 's brilliantly written . in fact , it 's so brilliantly written that i had a lot of problems seeing a former sportswriter being so introspective and articulate about his life , his loves , and the region of the country he inhabits . this book has no driving plot . in fact , it 's an arbitrarily chosen conceit : what happens on july 4th in the life of one guy . it 's not james joyce 's ulysses nor is it trying to be , but every thought this man has is in this book . and none of it is related to a plot or story or any reason whatever why a person--any perso--should pick up the book . indeed , that seems to be the crux . i read this book because it was by richard ford , a man whom all of my colleagues in the mainstream fiction world revere . you must read this book , they said . so i did . and i consider it an extraordinary waste of my time . to be sure , this is a judgment call , but i 'm allowed to make it . every reader is allowed to make that call . but i know i 'm in the minority in this . this book is supposed to be one of the greatest american novels of the last 25 years . but will it be so in another 25 years ? are novels now only to be interior monologues ( which virginia woolf preferred and said so in her essay " modern fiction " ) ? perhaps our values are changing . perhaps the mfa programs in this country are correct in only cultivating style rather than story . but what it eventually evolves into is a form of narcissism , wherein the author writes at length , putting on the page all of his or her thoughts about whatever and we 're supposed to . . . what ? applaud it ? i believe that the authors we 'll remember will be the natural storytellers . i do n't think richard ford is one of them . but , man , he sure can write
this was the first hard case publication book that i have tried . it wo n't be the last , but i was hardly impressed with king 's story . i do n't so much mind having a story with no ending ( i got the point even without the author 's afterword that was obviously meant to propitiate his regular readers who he correctly feared would be disappointed by this latest work ) , but could n't king have given more of a mystery ? that is , after all , what is expected of a crime-mystery book . i ca n't believe that i was asking too much . instead , i was treated to 178 pages of " welcome to maine ! "
i 'm an avid reader of history , as well as processing a degree in the subject . so imagine my surprise when , after receiving this book from a friend of mine for christmas , i read the erroneous account of the children 's crusade of 1212 . i had done research on this topic , so i was horrified to read the completely inaccurate account of what occurred . had the author not read any historical analysis on the subject from the last 50 years ? if he had , he would have realized that there were actually two crusades - one consisting of mainly french people led by stephen of cloyes who , when told to turn back by king philip ii , did so . that ended that crusade . the other one , led by a shepherd from germany named nicholas , led a group across the alps into italy . some left for home while others continued on to rome . it 's interesting to note that in rome , many received dispensations from their crusading vows because these " children " were either too old or because they were pregnant . perhaps until relatively recently , people believed in the children 's crusade because it represented a morality play or because some historians gave too much credit to chronicles ( like chronica albrici monachi trium fontium ) which were written long after the crusade supposedly occurred , rather than relying on more contemporary sources . nor did they realize that the latin word " pueri " used in the chronicles can have several meanings ( such as unmarried men rather than children ) . in the final analysis , you just ca n't rely on books like these to really teach you history . the best you can do is read what they tell you and then try to verify it . if only the author had bothered to check the history channel 's own account of the children 's crusade on their website , or perhaps read the excellent paper done by peter raedts in the journal of medieval history , or even just checked out the brief but accurate entry online in wikipedia . the book gave two pages to this event , and sadly got it completely wrong . for this gross oversight , i am compelled to give it one star . readers of history , never just believe what you read - verify
the " bottom-line " on " brainless " is that one has to be " brainless " to take time to read coulter 's writings , and even more brainless to waste the time to read an analysis of them . yes , it is mildly interesting to learn of coulter contradictions ( eg . bashes the elite , then takes on harriet miers - partly because she did n't go to an elite law school , and " i believe everything i say , " vs. " most of what i say , i say to amuse myself and amuse my friends . " and then there are the infinite number of brainless " coulterisms " and unsupported assertions - eg . " public schools have more sex scandals per year than catholic priests - thirty times more , " " liberals lie about the science on stem-cell research because they warm to the idea of destroying human embryos , " " i 've never seen people enjoying their ( 9/11 ) husbands ' deaths so much . " on the other hand , maguire really does n't have that much to say that is interesting ! on the other hand , if you had n't figured out already that there is someting seriously wrong with ann coulter - this book wo n't help . save your money and your time
...are incorrect and that his fractal models are much better . of course if his models were worth more than the paper they 're written on mandelbrot would n't have to write books like this because he 'd be cleaning out everyone else 's wallets on the stock market . in particular , if it 's true that extreme events are more unlikely than most people think then he could easily exploit this with a suitable derivative . but the fact is , mandelbrot does n't know anything that countless other traders do n't already know . so instead mandelbrot is forced to resort to telling people how smart he is through his books rather than actually being smart enough to make a killing on wall street . but i am glad i read this book . having seen mandelbrot 'on tour ' a few years ago i developed a strong prejudice against him . but reading this book has convinced me that my prejudice is entirely justified . he can never just state a fact . instead he always has a to phrase it as " my work shows that... " or " i demonstrated that... " even if he makes the same claim again and again . if he can try to take credit for other people 's work he 'll do so . he even managed to find someone to write an introduction for the book who was prepared to refer to the levy distribution as the mandelbrot-levy distribution . the most egregious example of self-aggrandisement has to be the caption to a picture of the brooks-metelsky-mandelbrot set where he mentions that two mathematicians only scaled part way up his 'everest ' of this set and received fields medals for this work - the implication of course being that mandelbrot has actually seen the view from the summit . disgustingly he does n't even deign to mention the names of these mathematicians . one time i criticised mandelbrot publicly and someone responded by pointing out how many peer reviewed papers he had published so he ca n't be all bad . but in this book mandelbrot actually reveals to us how he used his social network to work around the peer review system . astonishing ! i think it 's also worth pointing out that there are some interesting ideas in this book and so it 's not completely valueless . but i found the discussion of multifractal time methods ( which make up a large part of the book ) to generate plausible looking but fake price charts to be a bit pointless . i work in computer graphics and use similar methods to generate random surface detail all the time , but it does n't mean i have a deep understanding of the statistics of random surfaces . it just means i know how to fool the eye
to cover all the problems with continuity , logic , theology , geography and plain common sense in _left behind_ would take a whole book . one hardly knows where to start . perhaps it is too early to assess the damage that will be done to christian religion by this trashy novel . as such , it is n't even a decent trashy novel ; instead of steamy sex scenes , we get sanctimonious sermonizing . worse than that , what the authors have done is to turn the powerful imagery of the bible into a cheap comic book , ignoring its spiritual messages in favor of promoting a self-centered preoccupation with getting a ticket to heaven before it 's too late . the comic book aspect can not be overemphasized . even if you suspend disbelief enough to accept the rapture scenario ( an idea with virtually no scriptural support ) , little in the characters ' actions , thought processes or dialog rings true . one gets the impression that the book was hastily thrown together by a junior high school student . god ends up looking like the ultimate villain , demanding that you hurry up and get yourself and your friends on his side or else . whatever happened to the inspiring christian writers of yesteryear ? who is the present-day equivalent of c. s. lewis , or catherine marshall , and why are n't they getting more attention ? these were writers who actually made you think . lahaye and jenkins seem to believe that thinking is the last thing god wants us to be doing ; they hardly miss a chance to put down anyone with any hint of intelligence or independent thought . they show no interest in answering the sort of hard questions that surviving non-believers in such a world might ask . one wonders if they have ever met a non-believer at all , or witnessed the aftermath of a disaster for that matter . these days , it seems as if all the media attention is on the likes of ann coulter or pat robertson , whose mission seems to be to turn christianity into a twisted , bigoted caricature of what it once was . perhaps all the great religious thinkers really have been raptured . if _left behind_ is an example of the sort of writing that we can expect from christian writers , then it is the church itself that is in danger of being left behind
while this book contains a ton of data , do n't get it if you want calorie counts on anything homemade . if you look up french toast , for example , it only gives information on name brand items . much of the information in the book is available on the packaging of the products . i suppose that if you wanted to check it before shopping , or use it before eating out , it would be helpful . but if you want to find out the caloric content of any homemade items , you are out of luck with this book
this book was selected by my book club . i had never read anna quindlen before . rise and shine was a disappointment to me . i kept hoping that meghan would somehow be redeemed , but that did not happen . she is really not very likeable . i thought there would have been more of a dialog between the sisters concerning leo 's tradgedy . meghan blamed her sister in one line and then it was never brought up again . the book left me with an empty feeling . it was not a satisfying read
in addition to the fact that i , too , felt that i was enduring a commercial for dfa , i was annoyed by the fact that this book is nothing more than a rehash of the only guide to a winning investment strategy you 'll ever need : index mutual funds and beyond - the way smart money invests today , swedroe 's may , 1998 book . he introduces a small number of new studies and illustrations , but if you 've read the first book , there 's no reason to look at this one
american pastoral was repetitious to the nth degree . i read the human stain a few years ago , and it was good . but , in pastoral , the reader is put through a zillion permutations of possible dialogs between the swede and a psychoanalyst , and between his daughter merry and a psychoanalyst , but absent the psychoanalyst : roth is our psychoanalyst . what he misses , however , is that we simply have to realize that interpersonal dynamics are sometimes beyond our control . the swede never failed as a father ; rather , he failed because he could n't let go of his sense of responsibility for her
i received a book that i did n't even order . the one i ordered is yellow and white ( 3th edition ) . this is n't the one i ordered ; therefore , i need a refund.i sent the book back and i know the seller received it on 8/19
it is sad that this is what passes for political commentary now . coulter 's work demonstrates exactly the potential danger for degrading society and disdain for thinking that people like ms. coulter piously/hypocritically rail against . she will happily take the same formula to the bank time and again . why must political discussion turn to childish name calling in order to convince self-selected audiences of something they already want to believe . pitiful rants here . if you are in it for fun or do n't care that you are getting a skewed , sensationalist opinion , maybe you should read a few paragraphs of this in the book store . but for something better , why not go for an intelligent book that takes an even handed , analytical approach , rather than buy into the opinions of a new breed of political analyst ( on both right and left ) that race to produce the most extreme charactures of any political philosophy they do not happen to agree with .
i had to read jared diamond 's pulitzer prize winning book because of the rave reviews and acclaim . the thoughts that he introduces in the book are certainly interesting and he presents us with a new way to interpret history which is certainly important . however , there is much overkill in making points about the development of each civilization - crops are the major topic with little discussion on guns , germs ( more than the other 2 ) , and steel . of course the arguement for this focus is that the domestication of crops is how civilizations develop guns , germs and steel . i enjoyed parts of the book considerably , but you would have to have a strong interest in horticulture and botany to truely appreciate the book . i guess i was spoiled by first reading his sequel to ggs , " collapse " - a terrific read that should be of interest to everyone -it relates our industrialization to every aspect of the environment and show historically how this has shaped history . it has major rammifications for our situation on this earth right now . -rk
when the truth about 911 is known he must not escape justice . he is a criminal and must be treated like one . christian peper
hal abelson is responsible for a famous epigram , " if i have n't seen as far as others , it is because giants were standing on my shoulders . "  this book is solidly enough written , but it 's a cut-down , shallow rehash of a few justly famous functional programming textbooks . the first is abelson and sussman 's " structure and interpretation of computer programs " ; the second , bird and wadler 's " introduction to functional programming " . if you want to really learn deep truths about programming , go buy those two books . if they leave you scratching your head about how to transmogrify what you learn into perl , buy schwartz 's " perls of wisdom "
author la guardia mentions how the lemba of africa have the jewish gene . fine ! but when he deals ( in several pages mind you ) with the falashas ( also of africa ) he never mentions that genetic studies have positively shown these jews not to be descended from the 12 tribes of israel despite the falashas 's longtime rep for possibly being a lost tribe of israel which , again , has now been 100 % disproven through genetic studies
just a reminder that this guy cheated on his wife around the same time clinton was being pounded for his indiscretions . sean hannity , early in his book " let freedom ring " reminded us of how bill clinton tainted the office of the presidency and then not two paragraphs later noted how morris was a good friend of his ( hannity 's ) and then led into negative opinions on morris of clinton . did n't bother to mention anything about morris doing the exact same thing- and this little worm woulda lied with his palm on the ark of the covenant so do n't give me ( ... ) about the lame @ ss lying under oath republican punk . ( ... ) hyprocrite !
i first read passages from this book in college . i can now see how liberal professors very much enjoy using this book to influence young minds . professor zinn is a far left author . he uses the usual lines : america generally bad , communism generally good . obviously mr. zinn has the right to write whatever he wants , and his writing style is very convincing . however , if the reader investigates the facts , many holes become visible in his theories . those who agree and disagree with his writings should explore opposite viewpoints . a good example is " intellectual morons : how ideology makes smart people fall for stupid ideas by daniel j. flynn " which gives the reader a good profile of mr. zinn .
poorly proof read and obfuscatingly written , this book had the potential to clarify for the many the importance of black 's contributions . it was a frustrating read due to lack of clarity and lack of simple explanations about the significance of black 's work
i agree with the reader ( s ) who said this book totally contradicts itself and seems thrown-together , as if no one proofread it . in one chapter she 'll recommend something ; then later on she 'll tell you it 's ineffective and/or dangerous ! she gives a long , long list of herbal supplements that are supposed to aid weight loss -- but she just repeats all the advertisers ' claims without any comments , recommendations or opinions of her own . personally i think most natural/ herbal supplements are a ripoff , but if she had given any testimonials by people who 've found them to work , i might consider trying them . on the whole , this book is a waste of money
what a complete and utter waste of time . its obvious how these guys got dubbed the nutroots
i 've been a fan of heinlein 's sf for just about as long as i 've been an sf fan at all ( somewhere around thirty-five years ) . but when i read this collection some twenty-odd years ago , it nearly turned me off to the old man altogether . the fiction is pretty good ( although even that is n't heinlein 's best ) . but to describe the nonfiction accurately , i 'd have to use words that amazon will remove from the review anyway . for the most part , the pieces collected here represent a side of heinlein i strongly dislike . though i respect _starship troopers_ , it 's never going to be my favorite heinlein novel no matter how many times we quibble over the precise definition of " fascism " -- and i 'm not going to have much respect for the nonfiction in this collection . and mind you , it 's not because i disagree with heinlein 's opinions ; it 's because he gave bad arguments for them and called other people nasty names when they differed . some of the stuff collected here is tendentious to the point of being propagandistic . ( at least in his fiction , he was able to create characters with points of view that differed from his and get into their heads well enough to present them sympathetically -- in short , to grok them . not here , boy . )  heinlein ( who bought into the korzybski/general semantics fad pretty early on ) spent a lot of years dismissing philosophers as tailchasers who derive their premises from their conclusions . but his own attempt at philosophy , as represented here in e.g . " the pragmatics of patriotism " , is very nearly the worst writing on ethical philosophy i 've ever seen . then , too , people who knew heinlein report that despite his overall gentlemanly demeanor , he could be pretty churlish toward people who disagreed with him . well , he 's certainly unpleasant here ; anybody who does n't agree with him on the need for massive nuclear buildup is dismissed as a poltroon or a custard-head . even in the unlikely event that i thought he were _right_ , i would n't find this a very helpful approach . perhaps more surprisingly , his popular writings on _science_ are n't very good . asimov 's reputation as the " great explainer " is in no danger here . this volume is second only to _grumbles from the grave_ in cementing heinlein 's posthumous reputation as a rather mean-spirited fellow whose fictional characters were generally much better company than he was . when i want heinleinian company , i 'll stick to d.b . davis , manuel garcia o'kelly davis , and ( maybe ) lazarus long . and when i want to read some humane nonfiction by an sf master , i 'll still turn to asimov . i credit heinlein with three magisterial novels , several imperfect-but-great ones , and a good number of brilliant short stories . but the stuff in this book should have stayed in his drawer
i have to say i truly hated this book . the premise sounded interesting so i decided to give it a try . i 've read all her other books in the series and found the characters to be quirky . this time i found her usual friends and co-workers to be boring and self involved caricatures . the groundwork was there for an interesting serial killer with complex motivation but it never developed that way . the constant head hopping was annoying and the ending came out of nowhere . cromwell has obviously gotten bored with her characters and it shows . this is my last cromwell
there is n't anything in this book that you wo n't find in warren buffett 's annual letters to the shareholders of berkshire hathaway ( available for free at the berkshire hathaway website ) . if you 've not read those letters then i suggest you get right to it - they clearly lay out mr buffett 's approach to investing and are written in a very easy to read , humorous and homely style . this book pulls many of the highlights from those letters together in one place and lays out some major tenets and themes that could be said to make an investment " buffett like " . if you 're not familiar with warren buffett and have not read his letters to the shareholders of berkshire hathaway - then you will likely find this to be a good introduction to buffett . anybody else should probably steer clear as there is n't anything new here .
" the last river - the tragic race for shangri-la " .......tragic . yes i 'd agree that this book is tragic . tragic that i bothered reading it.....tragic that i paid for it in order to read it.....tragic that todd wasted his time writing it......tragic that i disliked it so much that i can be bothered writing a review . the warning should have come upon examination of the back of the dust jacket . " advance praise for the last river " it reads . in retrospect this means no one is prepared to recommend the book after they have read it . it seems that todd had a vision of how big a book needs to be , and went to great lengths to flesh out the story to reach his goal . so much of the content has so little relevancy to the story , that you soon tire trawling through it . this was my third tsango experience . i do recommend the outside documentary on the lindgren expedition . " hell or high water " is not outstanding , but is worth a read , but on this book , my advise to todd is please make this the last river that you drag through the wringer
this books should be called " the random thoughts of a rich old man . " it appears to me someone followed mr. buffet around and wrote down what ever he said then thought " how do i present this is a book ? , oh how about a random collection of dis-jointed thoughts ! yea that 's it ! !
this book is great ! assuming you already have a ph . d. in political science . otherwise this book is best reserved for drop quoting , or light reference . the author shows bias towards the united states ' form of democracy , as is to be expected in such a book . the simplistic nature makes the reader annoyed more than informed . the childish approach is suited for school children , but not as appropriate as other books for real analysis
in his book , the four agreements , don miguel ruiz , embodies four principles for experiencing personal freedom in life . he says that we should be impeccable with our words , not to take anything personally , do n't make assumptions , and to always do our best . the basis for some of the agreements we make with ourselves stem from early childhood training through a series of rewards and punishments from our parents . he calls this process " domestication " ( p. 6 ) . ruiz says that 95 % of the beliefs we hold are nothing but lies and that most of our agreements are based upon the fear of rejection . the agreements that he gives are meant to free us from the emotional bonds that get in the way of our personal energy and to transform our lives . while there are various nuggets of truth throughout the book , some of it goes off into the abyss where he takes a thought and carries it to what i would consider to be to be an illogical conclusion . in some instances he uses biblical scripture to support his claims ; however , in looking further , he takes some of the passages from the bible out of context . some of his ideas are presented as if they were new ideas , but i would think most of us by a young age , should already an understanding of these principles . although his book has been highly rated , i hold the position that mr. ruiz lacks credibility and logic as a writer , therefore , losing good standing with me as a reader . according to ruiz , as children we are not given the opportunity to choose our own beliefs . when we go against the rules we are punished ( or rewarded for compliance ) . the fear of rejection leads us to agree with , or become something that we are not . in essence , we become a carbon copy of someone else , such as our parents . he says our normal tendencies are lost and we judge other people based upon these agreements . he boldly states , lacking statistical data to back it up , that 95 % of our beliefs are based upon a lie ( 13 ) . the implication is that we are merely nothing more than a society of mindless , " domesticated " individuals , hurting ourselves , judging and victimizing other people along the way . this kind of thinking negates the teachings associated with parenthood and the positive aspects they bring to our lives . by his interpretation , if 95 % of what we believe is a lie , then 95 % of what our parents taught us is also a lie . i would disagree . there are many people who exist today as viable , productive members of society who i 'm sure would point out they too became a copy of someone else 's beliefs and values . if these role models are only filling our heads with lies and teaching us how not to be ourselves , by his interpretation , we do n't need parents , teachers , or leaders . he undermines our personal paradigms and omits that as adults we do have the ability to choose a different path , which i believe is our right of passage . by his rational we lose the ability to choose our own destiny . instead , we become victims of it . one of the few things we agree upon is his first agreement , be impeccable with your word ; however , he misquotes the bible ( john 1 : 1 ) when he says " in the beginning was the word and the word was with god , and the word was god . " he uses it to epitomize the use of " word " as in what one speaks ( 26 ) . looking a little further down in that passage , it also says " the word was made flesh and dwelt among us " . this passage is not talking about a form of speech , or speaking , but rather " jesus christ " . christ became flesh and dwelt among us . in that same chapter he says that " sin begins with rejection of yourself " ( 31 ) . however , in christianity it says that sin is a transgression of the law ( 1 john 3 : 4 ) and that sin is neglecting to do god 's will ( james 4 : 7 ) . it 's not about self , but about disobeying god 's ordinances . while i agree that watching what we say is something we all need to strive for , this is not a new concept . most children have learned by the age of 6 that if you do n't have something nice to say , do n't say it at all . in his second agreement , do n't take anything personally ; he says that nothing people do is because of you . while this is true to some degree , he leads the reader down a path of illogical extremes when he says that even if someone took a gun and shot you in the head , it was nothing personal . so in essence , when mary jo buttafuoco was shot by amy fisher , her expression of displeasure regarding amy 's behavior was nothing more than a fundamental form of projection because according to ruiz " you are dealing with yourself , not me " ( 51 ) . no , realistically , mary jo buttafuoco was shot because amy fisher wanted her dead . this kind of logic encourages victims to remain in dysfunctional relationships and perpetrators to continue abusing victims . as an american , i 'm glad that someone took 9/11 personally . according to mr. ruiz he takes neither destructive nor constructive criticism . it seems arrogant to place myself so far above reproach , that i would turn a deaf ear to all forms of criticism . when my college writing professor , gave me his opinion regarding my work , if i were following the authors line of reasoning , i would believe that my professor was " trying to poison my mind and was feeding me his emotional garbage " as mr. ruiz suggests ( 49 ) . i would rather believe that my instructor has my best interests at heart and is seeking to teach me how to become a better writer . another agreement is about not making assumptions in life . he says when we make assumptions , in essence , we create unnecessary drama . unfortunately we live in a world where that is not entirely possible . assumption is a necessary part of a thought and reason ; even within the scientific community a hypothesis ( or assumption ) is formed in order to test a theory . in order come to school each day i must make assumptions that my instructor has a college degree , and that he or she must be reliable enough in life to make it to work everyday . in his forth agreement , always do your best , he claims it is based upon the actions of the other three agreements , stating they will only work if you do your best . again , these are fundamental principles that almost any child has learned . while ruiz does indeed present some viable ideas , his concepts begin to unravel when he does n't back up his statements with facts , but instead takes a basic concept and follows an illogical line of reasoning to reach his final conclusion . i ca n't completely discount everything that he says , but he lost credibility with me by some of his assumptions and weak rationalizations .
hart disputes o'reilly 's claim that the us " gives far and away more tax money for foreign coutries than anyone else..... " by countering that per capita the u.s. is near the bottom of the list . o'reilly was n't quoted as saying " more tax money per capita " . more goofy reasoning by someone who ought to know better .
after two weeks on this diet plan i could bearly lift my head up . i nearly fell asleep driving home from work nights...not to mention hardly staying awake while at work . i thought it would be a pleasant change from the restrictions of atkins , but i was never tired on atkins . i do n't know if it had something to do with insulin from the sudden onslaught of carbs...or what the problem was . all i know is i am happily following atkins and losing much more rapidly than i did on this cad plan . in two weeks i lost 6 lbs . on cad...14 on atkins . you figure it out
this book , above all others , reveals the breakdown of classical ( libertarian ) liberalism into the statist liberalism of today . although the first part of the work , being a refutation of edmund burke 's silly nonsense , is stellar , and is well worth reading . regardless , the second part , the chapter on &quot ; ways and means&quot ; in particular , is composed of the most despicable , anti-liberty doctrines that one can find . what paine basically proposed was a late 18th century form of the welfare state , replete with progressive taxation , subsidies for child birth , and other fine statist amenities . thus , as all of these things are , in his words , to be claimed as rights , the title of this book comes to mean nothing whatsoever . it is indeed sad that thomas paine has gained such an enduring legacy as a friend to liberty . in truth , he is actually one of its worst enemies , as he combines a just zeal for resistance to oppression , revolution , and reason , he sabotages his entire political philosophy
i enjoy reading books of trivia and fun facts , but i did n't even make it through the first chapter before i put this book down in disgust . almost every entry had to do with sex or male endowments . as i was flipping through the book , i found x-rated pictures and drawings that i would hate to have to explain to my children if they were to pick up this book . i never would have bought this book if i had seen it in a bookstore , and i regret throwing it in the trash before i could see if i could get my money back
anyone that knows anything about milken knows that the guy created millions of jobs , and contributed much more to society than people like james stewart , who often act like parasites at the expense of others . and what about milken 's life after this whole affair ? i wonder what stewart will write about in the sequel , since milken has taken on a life of philanthropy basically unrivaled , and certainly contributes more to this country than most . milken 's creation of a liquid market for junk bonds allowed credit risk to be redistributed throughout the capital markets , effectively creating more capital , more jobs , and more wealth creation . anyone up and coming in ib , or looking to inform themselves of the 80 's capital movement , please at least check out some other perspectives on the era . note : these comments do n't apply to boesky or the arbs who were doing nothing but breaking the law . i would argue a strong distinction between milken and most of the other characters in this book
i recently saw this book on the bargain bin . this book was pure garbage , by two arrogant 20-somethings in clown suits . basically they are saying valuations do n't matter . since they wrote the book , it has been prooven that their philosophy , approached over the long term , produces some great damaging losses . the book may be useful during the next bubble , which if history serves , will occur well after these clowns pass on to the big three-ring circus in the sky . to the dungeon with these two knaves
our book club read this last month and not a single member had anything good to say about this book . as the facilitator , i was surprise by the consensus since we usually have at least one or two members who love the monthly selection . the writing is disjointed to the point that ms. krauss loses her reader . then when she introduces the potential that many of the chapters might just be imaginary interactions between the characters , the reader is left extremely frustrated . i really can not imagine how ms. krauss ' novel has garnered so many stellar reviews
i am having a hard time understanding why people have raved about this book . i guess everyone is entitled to have loyal fans , but i just do n't see what was great , or even good , about this story . two teenagers enter a school and end up killing seven people . they are caught , they confess , and the grandmother of one of the killers hires spenser to prove the boy 's innocense . we are given the impression a great mystery , with possible red herrings , is about to entertain us . alas , it is not to be . the kids did it , plain and simple . why they did it is so stupid . the story reads as though a sixth grader has written it . the plot is lame , and even as lame as it is , it is n't executed well at all . the characters are boring and 2 dimensional . the banter which takes place between the main character and others , while it seems to be trying to be witty , is just dumb and unbelievable . i just ca n't say enough about how stupid this story is . there are too many wonderful mystery authors out there writing gripping , intense works of fiction to waste your time on this one . this is the first novel i have read by this author and will most definitely be my last
before purchasing made in detroit i read the reader reviews . the reviews were so mixed that i decided against buying the book and checked it out of the library instead . as it turns out i made the best decision . all i can say is ` thank you fellow reviewers ' ; this book was definitely not worth the purchase price . my statement has nothing to do with the author 's writing skills , he is a skilled writer . it has everything to do with his lack of insight . that paul clemens could live in a city and have such a skewed view of it is downright scary . i read the book , waiting for paul to have a revelation that would help him put the pieces of his life together and make peace with them . but after 241 pages he was no more enlightened than he was on page one . blacks are caricatures whose sole role in life is to make paul 's life hard . women are peripheral characters who are barely given a voice . he finds a way to put down and demean everyone who is not a white male in his book . if you are a white male who harbors secret racist feelings you will enjoy this book and it will validate your feelings . if you are anyone else your reaction will no doubt range from mild boredom to outrage . as i read this book i felt sadness , a profound sense of dismay and had some of my worse fears confirmed . ( there are white folks who actually still think like this . ) my hope is that the light comes on for paul , he is still young . if it does maybe he will share his insights with us .
the book jacket for " the ruins " offers a ca n't-miss premise : a group of post-grad american tourists at play in mexico jump at the chance for a little adventure among mayan ruins but find but then find themselves in unimaginable danger . it 's the stuff of great summer thrillers ready to be taken to the beach . but 319 pages later , the reader is left to wonder whether or not the publisher put the wrong book in the jacket . almost immediately , you 'll notice that smith 's writing is as dense as the jungles that make the setting . however , despite the endless stream of words , his descriptions are often threadbare . plus , there are no chapter breaks , which eventually pushes the pace until it feels like an assignment to continue . next , the characters themselves begin to fall flat . there are only really two couples to keep track of , and yet it 's difficult for the first third of the book to distinguish them . there is little to keep you interested in what they 're doing or why they might be doing it . smith 's attempts at developing these four as characters come in fits and spurts . this seems obviously haphazard and hurried - the author is jamming in backstory whenever needed to explain characters ' actions as if he were patching leaks in a dam . by the end of the book , the foursome seems to be as disinterested in each other as the reader is in them . and for the readers who are hoping to discover something of interest in the setting such as mayan mythology or archeological lore , forget it . aside from language barriers with the locals , there is no reason why this fantastical story could n't have been set in the wilds of the rocky mountains , the saharan desert , or anywhere else . the danger posed has nothing to do with mexico , archeology or mythology at all . ah yes , the danger posed . well , i ca n't say much at all because anyone could give away the entire book with one line of explanation - that 's how thin the plot is . the numerous other reviews that fault this as a short story masquerading as a novel are exactly right . suffice it to say that when you do realize what the danger is ( and you 'll realize it well before any of the well-educated characters do ) , it 's a real eye-roller , as if to say " i read this many pages for this ? " . by the time the story concludes , it 's more irritating than suspenseful . the characters take so long to blithely undertake any course of action at all that you 'll start rooting against them . eventually scenes of gore start piling up in an obvious and lazy attempt to interject some action , but even aside from being misdirected , it 's too little too late . this book could have been an adventure , a supernatural thriller , a survival tale , or a horror screenplay . it could have even taken the high road as an examination on people 's reactions to situations of extreme stress : some take the lead , even enjoying the challenge , while others whither into a shell of hopelessness . but none of the possibilities ever come to fruition in this disappointing effort .
the book the lost continent is an amazing captivating read . bryson is truly brilliant in his descriptions . this cd totally kills that . first of all the narrator reads at a mile a minute , sometimes to the point where you ca n't understand him . and second , they abridged the crap out of it , cutting some of the most interesting commentary and actually cutting the entire second half of the book ! while the book is amazing , this particular recording of it should be avoided at all costs
i found this book very boring . tyler does a good job on detailing the charictors but i kept waiting for something to happen . poor maryam never developed into a person she was so caught up in trying to be a proper american . i will read another of her books since she is so well thought of
what a waste of time . this was like sitting through a very boring business course . i was never interested in turning the page . i would have liked to see more of carly personal side and maybe some human aspect to this story.instead i felt like a robot was telling this story.very much of how great her business style was and very little about anything else . i forced myself to finish this . a huge diaappointment.do n't waste your money
i am a huge fan of kathy reichs ' novels and of the tv series , bones . however , this book was quite a disappointment to me . i did not care for the way the author wrote dialogue -- brennan 's dialog is not that simplimatic on the tv program , and she certainly would never say , " where at ! ? " the author way overused the joke where brennan did not " know what that means . "  all i could think of was how much better this novel would have been if written by reichs herself . i started to jot down the holes in the story but quit after a while
this is a badly written , repetitive and self-serving account , largely , of the foolishness of &quot ; portflio insurance.&quot ; that things which are &quot ; just like&quot ; something else may not be so in reality , and that magic fixes in the market ( which after all fly in the face of the rational-expectations/efficient-market hypotheses which often are built into the view of the market being relied on ) i guess needs to be pointed out regularly , since hope of quick , uninformed , and painless fixes seem to reoccur with each new wave of financial charlatans and the greed they feed on . jacobs does point out such problems for a particular , rather bizarre episode , and suggests , not too coherently , that such &quot ; scams&quot ; are still prevalent . however , he does this in a horribly repetitive and self-laudatory way that is not really very clearly argued
design of book is very poor--pictures totally unclear and print is crowded making it impossible to focus on the story . the translations are not bad but there is no effort to organize the material and put it in contex
ageless body is deepak 's attempt to neutralize the word " old " as in old age . the writer has a knack for making common words , like " body , " mind " and " self , " into profound concepts . his technique is to overlay his abstract ideas with suggestive experimental studies . but ambiguity in interpreting these studies abound . if you like poetry , deepak may be your read : " the billions of changes occurring in our cells are only the passing scenery of life ; ( p. 36 ) " or try to interpret this one : " the emptiness at the core of every atom is the womb of the universe ; in the flicker of thought when two neurons interact there is an opportunity for a new world to be born . ( p.40 ) "  at times he attributes to cells and dna a creative intelligence to direct their own construction and at other times his designer is invisible . he would make a great spokesman for the current hocus pocus over " intelligent design . " he ca n't accept the growth of any cell , even a plant cell , without an intelligence involved . he mentions and attacks evolution only one time on p. 115 , asserting that the growth of a cell could never be a random process . deepak ends up in the very same thought circle as every other writer who tries to explain life in scientific terms : intelligence is a self organizing entity and every cell evolved is only intelligence having a conversation with itself . whether your word game tosses in the word " quantum " or not does n't change much . what a solipsistic thought ; what a solipsistic world . i wonder if his readers who actually experienced the oneness deepak speaks of would n't , after awhile , go insane
this book is so full of misinformation that i shudder to think ( since it is in the &quot ; dummies&quot ; series ) , that this may be the only information that many people will read before they embark upon a very serious commitment with a dog . it is poorly researched , full of dogma and nonsense . if you have to read a &quot ; quick book&quot ; find one written by an expert - a veterinarian , or anyone with a track record in animals . instant info can be found on bulletin discussion boards , magazines etc
...you can waste your time and save your money by checking this out of your local library . if you want to get an " inside view " of the inner workings of wall street during the excessive gyrations of the '80s , then read den of theives - that book is well written and well worth the money ! what turned me off about this book was the structure and the writing style . the first half of the book was essentially the author relating fortuitous circumstances that were the product of serendipity . he was simply in the right place at the right time , had virutally no idea how he got there , felt out of place the whole time ( even when he was raking in the big bucks in ny and london ) , and so now he thought he 'd wwrite a book about it . i also got the sense that he was trying to assuage some guilt from his association at salomon brothers . he was there , he made a lot of money , good for him - get over it ! i was also pretty disappointed because the subject matter has a lot more potential . i might have actually enjoyed it - had i not read den of theives 7 years earlier , and already had some idea of how things took place . but , if you can get it for $ 5 or less ( including shipping ) , and you have little to no knowledge of what an investment banker 's life is like ( and you have n't also seen the movie wall street ( which covers the same highlights in this book ) ) , then it 's probably worth it . i did like the wrap up he did towards the end of the book , relating where he had heard everyone from the firm ended up...althought that seemed a little rushed. .
i 'll preface this by saying i 'm a cryer . i cry at movie previews when they simply look entertaining . i cried all the way through superman returns . i did not , however , shed one tear during message in a bottle . in english class , i always learned to " show , not tell " when writing . when that is your rule of thumb , you 'll write a moving piece of literature , even if you 're not completely skillful . sparks is the master of telling without showing . i 'm honestly baffled by all the good reviews it gets . the story is somewhat engaging , but with no payoff . but the work is filled with passages like ( and these are from memory ; if i picked up the book to look for verbatim examples i 'd have to type the entire thing ) , " he went to the refrigerator , opened the door , and took a beer . after opening it , he sat down on the back deck . " or , " though she was overweight , she moved quickly around the table . " " she got out of the shower , dried off , and put on khaki shorts and a white cotton shirt . " have you read enough yet ? i 'm new to the romance genre . my mother-in-law recommended sparks because -- i think she was trying to imply -- his sex scenes are n't too graphic . they were to me , but then , i 'm new to romance , and spoiled by the masterful , unequaled storytelling skill of stephen king . please hold your new york times bestsellers to a higher standard . let 's hold on to whatever quality control we can in music , movies , and literature
more hate books . how could anyone write anything so wrong
i started reading this book expecting to like it - it 's historical , related to little women , won the pulitzer , does n't feel like fluff , etc . however i had a really difficult time getting into the book . for one , the language sounded much more pretentious than historically accurate . i 've read other works from the time period she 's supposed to be writing in , and rather than feeling in keeping with that era , this book felt indicitive of someone who makes full use of her thesaurus . also , i have n't read her other book so i did n't enter this novel with a trust for the author . consequentally , i found that as she mentioned connections to little women , i became defensive . she had not proven to me that she had the right to use this work . in some of her character choices , such as one of the first encounters between march and marmee ( i 'm not going to go into details so as not to spoil the scene ) , i believe that she made a radical departure from anything that alcott would have written of her characters , and that brooks really did not stay true to the original . the first half of the book is also really dry . this could just be my personal taste , but the first half moved so slowly ! the book started to pick up about half way through . overall , the story being told and the civil war aspects were n't bad , and could be a decent story in their own right if she 'd just speed things along at the beginning . however , i think brooks did the book a major disservice by linking it to little women . i bristled every time she mentioned an individual from the book , because she was really changing their characters ( other than aunt march ) . the choices that brooks ' characters made were not in keeping with choices they may have made in alcott 's book . in the afterward , brooks discussed her research and how she actually based the march family and particularly mr. march more on the alcott family itself than on the characters from little women , even commenting how the march family in alcott 's book is n't very interesting , and how " nobody in real life is such a goody-goody as that marmee . " if she felt that way , then why use them as the basis for her book ? seen in that context , her earlier * huge * liberties with marmee 's character seem to just be a way to " stick it " to alcott : " ha ha , look how much more realistic marmee is now !
while i found the writing style good and the information interesting , the actual diet was unrealistic , too restrictive and lacking fun basics that make other diets tolerable . i found myself longing for spices ( how bad could pepper really be ? ) and questioning the validity of their restriction . i could n't stand the ground-up flax seeds in my cranberry cocktail - the texture reminded me of trying to drink mud with little bugs in it ( or what i imagine that to be ) . i 'm not writing this to disparage anyone from trying the diet - if you can handle the restrictions and you have the self-control required , you might find this diet doable and rewarding . i tried the fat flush with a group from work - inspired by one woman who is able to do the flush again and again every year ( she always gains the weight back ) . the rest of us , while successful for varying degrees of short periods , found the diet unrealistic for any long-term results - all of us gained the weight back and spurred by instant weight loss , some even picked up worse habits than they began with . the funny thing is i found much of the health information useful or interesting , but i got rid of the book b/c sitting on my shelf it reminded me of unrealistic goals and failure - not what i want out of a get-healthy plan . i 'm writing this review so that others do n't get sucked in by all of the positive reviews hoping for lasting results - 3 of us did n't have any
author la guardia mentions how the lemba of africa have the jewish gene . fine ! but when he deals ( in several pages mind you ) with the falashas ( also of africa ) he never mentions that genetic studies have positively shown these jews not to be descended from the 12 tribes of israel despite the falashas 's longtime rep for possibly being a lost tribe of israel which , again , has now been 100 % disproven through genetic studies
as many have stated before me the book starts off with great promise for people who like historical fiction , however midway it turns into a romance novel . i give it 3 stars for holding my attention . a good beach read that can get you thinking ( a little ) about a time past . the one star is a mistake and i can not seem to change it . 3 * * * stars
being a student of photojournalizm in moscow , russia , i looked for the most complete book on photographic composition that is available . i had studied one book on the subject by the russian author , but knowing that photography in the us is much more developed and professional i was striving to get a book by a professional photographer . i was disappointed by the book " photographic composition " by tom grill for a number of reasons :  1 . it does not cover all important compositional elements , and those that it covers are not explained in full detail . it does not explain : - how elements with the similar shapes , similar sizes or similar tone interact with each other , - the reverse perspective effect and its uses , - why right and left sides of the photograph differ and why , how it can be used on practice , - how to balance " weight " of different elements of the photograph , it touches it briefly and furthermore provides an incorrect example , - difference between compositional center and the center of interest , how to balance them if they are in different parts of the photo ( does not match each other ) - all signs of perspective , it does not say anywhere that overlapping of objects is a clear sign of perspective ( trivial as it may sound , it still should be marked in any complete work , especially when the author covers other three elements ) - and much much more . 2 . it does not use photographs of the best masters to illustrate the topic , neither does it show how composition works in art , which i believe is very important . 3 . most examples are in color , while most ideas on composition are best explained using b&w photographs . 4 . last but not least , composition is about meaning , making a message , not just how to balance different elements within a frame . the book makes this statement , but in my opinion fails to provide poverful examples , while you can fully appreciate the power of composition only by studying powerful photos with good explanation why precisely this photo is good . overall : i believe that if you want to study composition you want to know all important considerations , not just a few and briefly explained " how-to-quickly-improve-any-photo-you-take " . this books fails to provide complete approach to composition and at times can be misleading . i 'd be very grateful if you could recommend me ( and other folks that look at our reviews ) a more thorough book on composition , i 'm sure there must be a good book in english on that subject . thanks ! p.s . for those who can read in russian i advise a book by a. lapin " fotografiya kak.. " , which compared to the book by tom grill explains composition in full
although dead soul begins quite decently and surprisingly for doss , who has a tin ear for dialogue , dearly loves a cardboard character , and has no sense of plot , it rapidly and unsurprisingly disintegrates into a mangle of missed opportunities . since most plot reveals take place off scene , you have no idea what 's going on until the end where charlie tells all . is this supposed to create suspense ? does doss even realize how ridiculous this is ? does he have an editor ? can the editor read english ? now these are real questions for charlie to answer
the winner and absolute truth made me continue reading baldacci books.his last few books christmas train and split second were awful.now baldacci takes his left leaning anti american feelings and tries to shove it down our throats.that was the last money i ever spend on a baldacci book,i even threw out his good books . shut up baldacci and write fiction books . your ideas do not get through in this non fiction world
a friend going through the same problems as i am was strongly recommended this book by her therapist and she bought it for me , as well . i was enthusiastic to read it and at least understand these emotions . if i could actually use the information to help myself , all the better . i was warned that the beginning was a bit slow and hard to get through , so i struggled through it , expecting it to get easier to read . it did n't . it 's been sitting by my bed for months with the bookmark at page 104 and i 'm really sorry because i 'm sure that the contents are useful and interesting , but i just ca n't get past that page 104 . i normally refuse to leave a book half unread , but this just has to be an exception because every time i pick it up i fall asleep within 3 or 4 pages . i agree with some of the previous reviewers that there is way too much emphasis on the actual workings of the meetings . i feel like i 'm watching a video of it , as every minimal thing is described in incredible detail . but i wanted to read this book to understand the views and conclusions of the group , not to become an expert on the tea breaks they had . also , i felt lost as the scientific tests they had previously carried out were explained in such detail , i ended up having to skim over some sections . this may be a great resource for those who have great patience and/or a scientific background , but too much for a regular joe like me
this is the worst , most depressing piece of fiction i have ever read . there is no real protoganist and not one singular character worthy of admiration--and after a while , their actions just become inexplicable . the author 's soul must truly be an ugly one to have devoted so much time and energy to using his mind to generate so many casual acts of evil throughout the book . it starts out promising but by the time you get to about halfway through the book or so you get a nagging sense that your very own soul might be sucked out of you and permanently stolen by the heart of neil gaiman 's darkness or one of his minions . additionally , the characters ' motivations change like the shifting sands , nothing they do makes any real sense except some inexplicable movement towards doing greater and more evil en masse like some sort of coagulating bacteria or disease . what is so creepy about this book is the casualness of it all . unlike some of stephen king 's work ( ie : the stand ) , there is absolutely no redeeming thread here--no rallying or marshalling the troops to combat the emerging evil . it 's evil in evil vs. evil surrounded by evil . all i can say is that this book is ugly , ugly , ugly . at least writers like joyce carol oats and joseph conrad 's intentions when writing about such things is to effectively demonstrate the ill effects of such darkness , but to make heroes of characters one should avoid is unconscionable . the choices the supposed protoganist makes make no sense--and you do root for him in the very beginning but you find he is just like one of them after all . i suspended my doubt and disbelief as long as i could but finally became so incensed by the audacity of both the literary critics and the author to pass this off as excellence , i literally stopped mid-sentence and chose to never read this author 's work again . it 's a shame too because he has allied himself in other incarnations with a truly gifted artist , dave mckean , who maybe has n't completely gone over to the dark side like neil has . his association with dave mckean is the only reason i even opened-up the book--and maybe a little because the title intrigued me . but it 's unfortunate that the industry rewards " clever " works such as mr. gaiman 's with undue praise . i 've never so strongly disliked a book . have you ever found yourself getting angry because you felt robbed or duped by a book ? well , do n't believe the hype , this is the one to throw in the trash or disintegrate with x-men eyeball laserbeams before all your humanity is sucked out of you
if julia glass had not set the bar so high with three junes , i would have given the book 3 stars instead of 2 . there are sentences , paragraphs , even pages of brilliance in this book , but it is as if winning the national book award gave ms. glass unconditional confidence in her writing , and character development in particular . she seemed out of touch with the major demographics the narrative slings around . as another reviewer wrote , the writing process seemed transparant . reading the book , you get the feeling that the characters are what ms. glass ( a privileged white woman of a certain age ) imagines teenagers , or new mexicans , or black chauffeurs , or hispanic nannies , or even gay people to be like . she is like a tourist who voyeuristically delights in other cultures without really understanding them . the teenagers and the santa fe inhabitants are the most painful examples of caricatures . greenie might be the most believable , and although i understood why she was falling out of love with her gloomy alan , i was n't sucked along with her when she falls in love with " the other charlie " . he was only very mildly interesting and certainly not worth ( even temporarily ) losing your child over . with saga , she manages to develop her most sympathetic character , but saga 's life is left floating and unresolved at the end . even the brief appearance of fenno , who i loved in three junes , lacked intensity and seemed gimmicky . all and all , a very disappointing second novel . you have to wonder , since most reviewers are pointing out all of the same problems with character , what good is her editor ?
i heard all of these great things about this book etc..... . so i got a copy and let me tell you it was a huge let down . i can honestly say it had loads of disgusting passages that i did not find at all entertaining . the " bowel movement " chapter was totally repulsive . i found it self indulgent , he had a crappy upbringing , that does not make for a good book
when i read this , i was not expecting to become a commie , but at least i was hoping for something more compelling than the pure hatred of people who have more than others and the racist concsipracy theories ( especially re jews ) that the authors came up with . i understand that people accord this book some respect because it has influcenced many people . but that is what hate litterature does . this book is especially powerful in its attempt to find sharp class lines to allow the " masses " to hate
this seemed too long and too drawn out
simple arithmetic and you know it 's stupid to expect much from a 227 content book that attempts to tell the success stories and forumlas of 55 business leaders . definitely everyone of them deserves its own biography instead of an average 4.13 pages . so i had lowered my standard before i read it . still i had been quite disappointed . all passages were columns published previously on ibd written by different reporters that not only the writing style but the focus on individual leaders fluctuated much between hard data/history and success formula , primarly on the former . i am sorry that i could gain little knowledge/insight ( that i really wanted to learn " how " they succeeded ) during the reading . i felt even worse after reading from the previous reviewer that the content had been available on the net . in short , please give this book a pass !
" the most anticipated book in the history of poker ! " exclaims a blurb on the cover . well , if so , i can tell you that a lot of people have been , or are going to be , very disappointed . comparing the classic super/system from 1978 with this book is , to paraphrase mark twain , like comparing lightning to the lightning bug . this book is more of a tribute to doyle brunson than it is " a course in power poker . " johnny chan writes a fairly vacuous preface in which he lauds brunson , but does n't say anything about how to play . then we have brunson 's introduction in which he tells us mostly about the contributors to the first super/system . next there is an autobiographical sketch by brunson entitled , " my story . " ( if you want a book that gives the real flavor of brunson 's " story , " get a copy of according to doyle ( 1984 ) . it contains 47 chapters in which brunson recalls his early days and life on the road . )  following " my story " is a short history of texas hold'em by crandell addington which is n't much , and then there is the first chapter that could actually be considered part of a course in power poker . this would be 43 tips from mike caro cribbed from his lectures and books . however the tips are hardly " exclusive " for supersystem2 as claimed . beginning with caro 's cute but now very familiar , " in the beginning , everything was even money , " most or all of the tips have been recycled . for example , tip # 18 , page 146 , " when a frequent bettor checks to you...do n't bluff " is just about the same as tip # 10 " seldom bluff if frequent bluffers have checked into you " found on page 137 in caro 's fundamental secrets of winning poker ( 1996 ) . in fact caro even recycles his " exclusive " tips in this very book . tip # 31 says that players staring away...are almost always more dangerous than players staring at you , " while tip # 40 says in part that " opponents are more likely to bet or raise if they are : ... ( 3 ) staring away . "  jennifer harman 's chapter on limit hold'em is so ordinary that it 's remedial . there 's not even a hint of anything new . there are a number of books on the market that cover the same ground much more thoroughly . i especially recommend small stakes hold'em : winning big with expert play ( 2004 ) by ed miller , david sklansky and mason malmuth or anything by sklansky . also her insistence on referring to hands backwards , " 6-7 " ( e.g. , on p. 252 ) instead of " 76 " is annoying and contrary to a well-established convention . and the caricatures by russ braun ! they are so bland and flattering that each may have passed prior inspection by the subject 's mother . comparing these to the witty and sharp work by stan hunt in the original is like comparing a cliche to something alive and vital . brunson does n't even look like himself . here he 's just a generic , smiling , dough boy kind of guy--except in the small , clever , lifelike drawing gracing page 7 which was drawn by stan hunt , copied from the first book . good are the chapters on omaha and stud eight-or-better . however , although brunson has bobby baldwin billed as his author of the omaha eight-or-better chapter , actually it was written ( as acknowledged ) by mark gregorich . he does a good job of introducing the game and giving some of the strategies , and i 'm sure he is a fine player , but what about bobby baldwin ? well , as ceo of mirage corporation and president of the bellagio hotel and casino , bobby is far , far too busy to write the chapter himself . so he just lent his name and his supervision . can you spell r-i-p-o-f-f ? perhaps the most embarrassing part of the book is doyle 's chapter on no limit hold'em . it is little more than a reprise of the same chapter in the first book published 28 years ago . also recycled is the section on " colorful names of various hold'em hands " on pages 628 and 629 . the dated references to raquel welch ( " 38 " ) and broderick crawford ( " 10-4 " ) seem more than a little out of touch . indeed , this book is nostalgic tribute to brunson and the great success he and the original book achieved . and that is a shame , because this book is billed as an exciting event in the history of the publication of books on poker when in fact it is something hastily put together to flatter brunson and , hopefully , the pocketbook of those involved . one final thing : there is a glossary , suitable for beginners , which is okay as it defines such things a " deuce , " " flush , " " four of a kind , " etc. , but seems a little basic for " a course in power poker . " worse though is this definition of a " cold deck " : " a term often used to describe the deck by players who feel they 're not getting enough playable or winning hands . " players may indeed remark that " the deck is cold , " but the origin of the term comes from the fact that a stacked deck used by cheaters that is switched into the game tends to be " cold " to the touch since it has not been handled since it was stacked . bottom line : pass
i 'm in a good mood today , and feeling generous -- hence the two stars . secrest learned that rodgers could be a rotten person , that he drank and was a womanizer . she then proceeds to beat us over the head with it at great length . i did n't count the words , but it seemed like she spent more time on that then she did on rodgers and hammerstein -- not to mention the post-hammerstein years . we learn nothing about how these shows came about and what happened to them beyond the most cursory ; it 's if her research there was limited to the notes on the cast albums . i 've kept most of my theater books , except for this one . it went to the used book store
someone reported all my 3 negative reviews of daniel silva books and got them removed ! hmm , i wonder who that could be . i am rather annoyed at this because i spent quite a lot of time detailing why i did n't like one of the books , reasonably , i thought . apparently , someone had decided that they did not follow the review guidelines . i used no profanities . ok , there were some spoilers , but not more than i usually read in other reviews . not single worded , no phone numbers , no solicitations , etc . maybe whoever it was just did n't like my negative review . well , the last time i checked , the 1st amendment still applies in this country . ok , so let me try to post another review of why i did n't like this book without violating any review guidelines , and i 'm not going to spend 30 mins on it like last time . i thought the book was very poorly written and very boring . i struggled through 1/3 of the book but the author could not capture my attention and i decided not to continue to the end . i 've read a couple of other daniel silva books , but neither one of them could change my mind that he is an author that i do n't like . i will not be buying any more of his books
i 've always been a huge fan of nicholas sparks , and i could n't wait to read dear john . well , there was no reason to rush . it starts out okay , but then just gets more and more depressing . the main girl character is annoying and you hope that john will find someone who deserves him , instead of just pouting over her for most the book . i can not wait for another nicholas sparks book , but only because i want to know that he has n't lost his touch , and that this novel was just a fluck
i 'd heard the buzz ( both pro and con ) and thought i 'd take an independent read . i was dismayed with this book . james frey has insulted anyone who has gone through a real experience with substance addiction by trivializing the truth of whatever experience he really had . one of the hardest things an addict has to grasp is the truth so that he can take ownership of his actions and take the 12 steps or whatever is necessary to save his life and often the lives of loved ones tangled up in the mess with him . lies are what enable " slips " and " enabling " and " denial " and those other catch words that describe continued misery and failure . recovery is nearly impossible without honesty . so , can we look at this man 's " memoir " and expect it to offer anything of value ? it 's poorly constructed , repetitive , and narcisitic . even if oprah had n't exposed him , the writing takes the tone of " whoppers " like frey 's account of the drug house visit in which he " rescues " lilly . other reviewers and smoking gun have written about the fantastic episodes one by one , and i ca n't improve on that . suffice to say this mockery of misery and hope is no more real than a daytime soap opera . story lines in a soap may look like real life to one who is isolated from real life , the same way a million little pieces might look to someone who has not been touched by real addiction . a real addict with typical delusion could be misdirected from a true course of treatment with tragic result . i was left with the impression he thinks institutions and people who help others with substance recovery are pitifully misdirected or inept . like a joke of some kind . i 'm not laughing .
every book by jodi picoult grabs you by the heart and does n't let go . mercy stands out from all the rest . you will not forget this book or the people in it for a long time
of the 7 or so grisham novels ive read this one is my least favorite . it 's not a bad story at all but it 's just way too long , about 150 pages longer than it needed to be . it also just lacked credibility in many spots . grisham is normally quite good at presenting characters and situations that are at least plausible , if not really interesting . most of his books give the layman some insight into the workings of the law that ive always thought were fascinating . this book , however , plods along and doesnt bring anything new to his body of work . the other thing that really got me was the dialogue he wrote for mark sway , the 11year old protagonist . he sounds more like a street-wise 30year old , using words like " wonderful " and phrases that have been out of use since the 70 's . i think grisham forgot he was writing the words for a young boy and not one of his more typically older characters . this isnt a bad book if you just want to escape for a few hours a day but most of his other ones are far more enjoyable
if you want to be scared and paranoid through your first pregnancy , then this is the book for you . this book has no insight on anything . it is vague . it doesnt explain anything in detail . it talks about every possible thing that could go wrong but probably wont . each chapter lists all the symptoms you might be expeiriencing , but that is as far as that goes . its not a very good book to turn to you if you have concerns because it will just make you have more ! you might as well ask your doctor because this book constantly refers you to your doctor . it has no insight or answer for anything unless you have a high-risk pregnancy
i find some parts of didion 's book very relatable , at least when she 's exploring her feelings of shock , the superstitious feelings , and the obsessive re-living of her husband 's last few days and death . but these sections become less and less frequent as the book continues , and it all seems to devolve . but pertaining to the audiobook : what is with the music they insist on playing in the " background " at the end of sections ? the first time it came on , i took out my earphones to see if someone in my office was inexplicably blaring piano solos . it 's weird and invasive and distracts from the reading
beware of the everyman 's library edition of this book ( green hardcover , ribbon marker , isbn # 0-679-40564-x ) . book v dealing with the revenue of the sovereign has been completely ommitted . according to the introduction , this was to limit the book to one volume and keep the price low . i wish i had known this before i ordered the book since now i have to buy a different edition in order to read book v. what a ripoff
this guy 's box is missing a few tools.most of the stuff he quotes as fact is not supported in real life . he 's full of crap . everybody knows walking is good for you , but kevin t. starts his chapter on walking by saying that 'when you take your dog for a walk , he ( or she ) poops............well la-de-f_____ing-da....is n't that why you take your dog for a walk....because you do n't want him ( or her ) to poop in the house . then there 's his statement that if you put your teflon pan on high heat and have a parakeet on your shoulder , the bird will keel over dead because of the poisonous gasses.......and another thing , who ever heard of an acidic body ? ? ? i think i know what planet trudeau came from....uranu
dawn written by elie wiesel is a story about two men who are meant to be killed at the same time , at dawn . david ben moshe is jewish and will be killed by the english at the same time as elisha ; a jewish man will kill an english man john dawson.elisha and his friends wait all night for dawn , the book takes place with them in one room , thinking about what they have to do , they have little conversation between each other . i did not find the book dawn very interesting,i found it to move very slow , because elisha and his friends stayed in one room during the whole story , and while one man was thinking about what he should do or how he felt , the reader did not know how the other people where feeling at that time . the part i found the most interesting was when there would be conversation between elisha and his friends , especially when they talked about their pasts , which was one of my favorite parts of the book , it was interesting because there was more action happening when they when explaining their past . although i found this book boring for the most part it was very descriptive and therefore i would recommend it to anyone who likes very descriptive books .
i really liked suzanne summers . i 've read all her other books and have her tai chi exercise video . when i saw her on the today show advertising this book i could n't wait to get it . she promotes the schwarzbein principle which states that being a vegetarian is unhealthy . suzanne has an entire chapter dedicated to someone named wendy who after 10 years of being a vegetarian was convinced to start eating meat again ! just because wendy 's particular diet was unhealthy , that does n't mean that all vegetarians are unhealthy . there are meat eaters that have unhealthy diets . look at all the hindus in india , they 're lifetime vegetarians and are healthy . i know that soy has been a controversial subject recently , but it 's the pill form of soy that is questionable , soy it it 's natural form is healthy for you . how can you say that soy is bad for you when millions of east asians eat soy as part of their daily diet ? i 've read countless books and research that supports the benefits of soy . i eat a balanced vegetarian diet and get all the nutrients my body needs . just because one doctor does n't believe that a vegetarian diet is healthy , does n't make it a fact . suzanne you 've really gone too far to tell everyone to stop being a vegetarian . with that misinformation in your book , i have a hard time believing that anything else is true and fact .
i had to read jared diamond 's pulitzer prize winning book because of the rave reviews and acclaim . the thoughts that he introduces in the book are certainly interesting and he presents us with a new way to interpret history which is certainly important . however , there is much overkill in making points about the development of each civilization - crops are the major topic with little discussion on guns , germs ( more than the other 2 ) , and steel . of course the arguement for this focus is that the domestication of crops is how civilizations develop guns , germs and steel . i enjoyed parts of the book considerably , but you would have to have a strong interest in horticulture and botany to truely appreciate the book . i guess i was spoiled by first reading his sequel to ggs , " collapse " - a terrific read that should be of interest to everyone -it relates our industrialization to every aspect of the environment and show historically how this has shaped history . it has major rammifications for our situation on this earth right now . -rk
when our book club selected this novel , i was enthusiastic ~ the premise appeared to leave so much room for the development of great characters and a great story . however , after the first chapter or so , i kept waiting for the big " wow " factor...and it never came . i found most of the characters unsympathetic and not very well-developed . like other readers , i finished it out of obligation , but never gleaned any enjoyment from reading it .
while i enjoy adventure stories for the casual reading they are and have read all of cussler 's , i was disturbed by a lot of the assumptions in this and other of his recent books . this is transparently hawkish ; an ultra-conservative defense of the questionable actions of the very furthest right of the political spectrum . ( one could even suspect it was commissioned or at least underwritten by these elements . ) it reflects the current culture that decrees all means justify the end - as long it benefits the right people . cussler 's recent books portray that it 's okay for americans to go into other countries - with which we are not at war - and kill its citizens for some secret government agenda . that it 's okay for our us government to hire out " black ops " in secret because it 's against our laws to do so openly . through the years , i 've tolerated cussler 's blatant sexism , juvenile writing style , improbable exploits of cartoonish heroes . however , he has veered into political territory that offends me but even more , terrifies me that it may be the truest part of his stories
using this book and cd-rom depends upon being able to download the customized settings , so that the reader 's photoshop , for example , behaves the same way as the author 's photoshop . however , my system repeatedly hung up on that section of the download from the cd-rom . furthermore , this author does n't start at a " dummies " level by defining the terms that he uses throughout the lessons , so i had trouble following along . overall , this was n't much help for me in my quest to learn photoshop from a baseline of complete ignorance
horribly disappointing . these manufactured dialogues are evidently stephen law 's way of dealing with his personal problems with religion . for example , in one chapter law manipulates his " teaching " by having god contradict the bible ( the assumption being god 's the author ) in a dialogue with a conservative religious person . law even sarcastically concludes the chapter by saying this dialogue is only a dream , the real god would probably respond differently . good idea for a book , ruined by the authors distorted logic . there are numerous ad hominen and circular reasoning errors . the title and premise fooled me into reading it . mr. law , how will you pay back the readers for wasting the time they invested in your philosphical rant against religion
huge disappointment . trace was n't that good either . having read all scarpetta 's previous storiesbut i was hoping trace would be only bad one . however , the downhill trend seems to continue . these two books are not the usual intelligent plots cornwell is capable of writing . save your money , do n't buy it . i completely agree with all the reviews posted so far , so i wo n't go into the plot -or rather lack of a real plot -details
the book is manipulative and unrealistic . i felt the author was blatantly trying to persuade the reader to believe that infieldey , betrayal and lack of morals is acceptable if you have a self absorbed best friend . definitely one of the shallowest books i have ever read . i bought the book as it was rated as a " best seller " , and i was stuck in an airport for hours on end . the entire plot is hideous as the " burned best friend " makes up reasons why it 's accept able to betray her best friend . if i was not completely bored , i would have given up on the book after the first 20 pages .
my mother in-law was actually responsible for billy milligan while he was in the athens state hospital in ohio . i 've had a chance to read this book , and although very good , what my mother-in-law tells me is much , much different . she cared for him during his entire stay there . she said that he had more psychology and parapsychology books in his room than she could have ever imagined . she also said that his iq was off the charts . she believes ( and she has a doctorate in psychology ) he only has four distinct personalities . raven being one of them . billy had the abilitiy and knowledge to manipulate his condition , making it appear much more severe . of course , she ca n't write anything about this , because billy 's publicist made everyone caring for him sign a waiver saying they would n't . yes... billy milligan has a publicist . he also was a millionaire ( because he exploited his disease ) and drove a corvette on the weekends they let him go home.... yep... they let billy milligan have weekends . this book is a very good interpretaion on what could possibly been going on in billy 's head . however , after talking with someone who was actually there , and knew him well.... makes me second guess the validity of it
a very disappointing book , and again , makes me very wary of any item on a " new york times best seller list " or any other list , and really any big name reviewer recommendation . this book has one 50 page chapter which is excellent - the recap of the thompson " shot heard around the world " homerun . if you are a baseball fan as i am , that ( barely ) made the book worthwhile . the other 700 pages are disjoint , incomprehensible , and really trivial . you come away thinking " i really do n't care bout this stuff " - i do n't care about the dynamics of trash , about j edgar hoover 's bathroom habits , klara sax 's artistic depression and annoying infatuations about roof tops , about characters that just do n't have much depth to really care about . at the end , even potentially interesting characters like albert ( the one on the baseball quest ) become hard to bear . the whole book in fact had the feel of going to a senior citizen home . i read this book , as perhaps others did , expecting a book about the mafia or about other figures in the underworld . what i got was a book with a good first chapter , some interesting tidbits here and there about how life used to be in the 50 's ( fear of nuclear weapons , duck and cover classroom exercies ) , and a lot of knowledge about the trash business . the " masterful " epilogue , as other reviewers call it , really does no justice to a reader who has spent so much time toiling over delillo 's ragtag story telling . i am ok with stream of consciousness writing , or nonchronological chapters , or even random chapters , but the methods used in thsi book served no purpose other than to further make the reading difficult . was this book about how mundane our lives are versus the bigger things that occur around us ? or how each of us is on an individual quest ? or that the 50 's-60 's-70 's-80 's were just years of fear , and the 90 's are years of greed ? i am still unsure , i still do n't think any of these themes came across well . please - not pretending to be a sophisticate , intellectual , or professional critic - but this book is really not worth the time or effort . you can be staisfied by a number of other books , including the " the corrections " by franzen or " the cold six thousand " by ellroy which cover a similar period or similar themes and do not make you so frustrated or disappointed at the end . read the first chapter , then put the book down or you will be sorely disappointed and have wasted an awful lot of time .
dr. northrup provides women with practical information about their bodies , stages of life and medical procedures . however , i was appalled by her bias against western cultural heritage and christianity . her views on those topics were extremely unbalanced , with no acknowledgement of their positive contributions to culture and women . as a catholic whose best teachers were strong-minded , compassionate religious sisters , i felt offended by her slur against nuns . i am aware that not everyone feels the same way about their religious upbringing , but i would expect an academic to strive for some balance in their research .
the whole concept of this book as well as the honesty of the undertaking : i 'm not buying it . the author 's effort is half-a * * ed at best . besides the musings and excessive self-praise , it is downright preachy . their effort might pass as non-consumerism for new yorkers , but would never pass in the rest of america . do n't buy it
this book is the reason i 've read only one john updike novel . i was so disgusted by the people , the plot , and the very boring and unrelated technical passages that i never read another updike . i thought the characters were completely unrealistic
i usually read stephen king for his interesting ideas and imagery and expect his books to read fast and well . i 've read three previous king books that have had the occasional long passages with overstated depictions of horror , doom , and grotesquery in order to immerse his readers into the tone of his story . this one takes the cake because what is meant to read as terror and horror is really ridiculous and unimaginative . and this is exactly what " insomnia " is . this is n't a spoiler , just the author 's note : at the end of the book we read sep. 10 , 1990- nov 10 , 1993- three years in which king took to write this book . three years which were evidently wasted . the other king books i 've read were engrossing for their characterizations and character identification . " insomnia 's " ralph roberts is certainly a character the reader could identify with . he is strong , kind , has traditional gentlemanly views on aiding women in distress and regards them as beautiful and respectable . his counterpart lois chasse does n't come across as identifiable . instead she serves as a secondary character who has no real flair or identity other than being in love with ralph . king does n't usually do that with his secondary characters . other characters with much smaller roles in this book come across as real and identifiable , like ed and helen deepenau , the three bald doctors , and ralph 's numerous confidantes . then there 's the whole abortion mess . this central political issue crumbles midway thru and seems to serve no purpose at all in the story . though king does provide an interesting and seemingly objective commentary on the issue via detective leydecker ( albeit with a tranparently pro-choice slant ) , it serves no relevance to the theme of the story but just hangs there on display used for no more than a story device . i gave the book two stars because i am an inspiring writer and reading this provided me with some of the devices that are important to utilize as part of a writer 's arsenal . the devices were obvious and all thru the reading i asked myself , 'how is king going to get through this ? ' his weapon of choice was most often ralph robert 's narration ( via third person ) that analyzed the events of the story and interpreted its meaning and significance . it seemed whenever king was in trouble in the story , he would use ralph as his solution and let him think it out and guide it for him . this is a useful tool for a beginning writer , but king used it as a crutch to tell a story that had no pulse from the beginning . one last thing , the villians just do n't work . they are not frightening , they are not demonic , they are not vicious or malign . three little bald doctors with scalpels and scissors ? their defining characteristics are being small and bald- does that really frighten anyone ? the real villian among them dances around and jump ropes to reveal his evil madness . then there 's the crimson king , the evil supernatural mastermind we read about from page 100 who finally enters the story on page 550 as a catfish in one of the most terrible , anti-climactic scenes ever rendered . i rest my case .
i bought the book on the basis of the reviews and on a quick read of a copy a friend owned . it looks really good on the surface and does have a lot of useful information . one problem i found is that many of the example photos seem to be inserted only to increase the photo count . also , because of printing limitations , i find it very difficult to see the differences between before and after examples . i have edited this review to fix an error . however , i can not figure out how to change my rating from 2 stars to 4 stars . consider this a 4 star review .
this novel is set in the 40 's , when elizabeth short ( the black dahlia ) was found murdered , her body cut in two . the characters revolve around the investigation of this incident , altnough her name is changed . the chapters go back and forth between the views of two brothers : one , an amoral cop , the other , a catholic priest , monsignor , businessman , whatever you want to call him . neither one is likable , the 40 's cop jargon is incomprehensible , and the catholic politics/building programs are boring . however , the murder is solved and the end is neatly tied up with a bow . if old cop stories appeal to you , you might like this , but i 'm sure you could find better . double indemnity , for instance , is superior
i have loved each and every one of jane hamilton 's other novels and highly recommend them : the book of ruth , a map of the world , short history of a prince and disobedience . this book , sadly , does not rank among them . it feels forced and uninteresting , with outlandish and unrecognizable characters and scenarios . i 've already paid for it , so i 'll probably try to finish it , but do n't waste your time or money . read another hamilton instead
this is a great book if you have the right teacher . the book is very informative yet if you have no back ground in abnormal psych you might want to make sure the teacher for your course is capable of explaining it to you . i also recomend that you make sure your copy has a cd rom . the study guide and website are great tools too . they help a lot
this book was very disappointing . i loved her 1st two books . so when this book came out i was very excited . after reading it , i found it was rather dull and not very funny . there were very few parts that actually made me laugh , unlike her 1st two books
i read exactly half the book and stopped . based on all the criticisms of the unlikely ending , that was a good decision . as it is there went hours of my life i wo n't get back ! the book is silly and laughable . the premise sounded great - but the book is bad . really bad
robert kiyosaki 's books are all the same thing re-packaged over and over again . this book could have been condensed into a couple of paragraphs and saved it 's readers a lot of time . he writes in an arrogant , condescending manner that is hard to stomach . i would hate to have been his real dad . it 's obvious that he despises him and worships at the alter of " rich dad . " it 's offensive and disturbing . read the first review of this book and you 'll have the essence of the whole thing . do n't give this guy any more money for putting out this drivel
the author lives in a dream world and is not in touch with the business work environment of today . her advice is old-fashioned and out-of-date . many better textbooks on ethics available
i had this one figured out by the second chapter . too predictable and shallow . hopefully , the next stone book will actually be worth reading
a disappointing book about a fabulous story . the book reads as if it was pasted together from press cuttings and , if you look at the chapter notes , this appears to be how it was researched . there are little irritants , such as referring to steve jobs as " steve " as if he 's a close friend , but the big problem is that it recounts a number of interesting incidents in steve jobs ' career while missing the main story . and what a fantastic story that is . i hope that someone has written a decent account of steve jobs ' life because i would like to read it . one thing is certain : " icon " sure ai n't it .
even with the questionable veracity , i enjoyed frey 's first book , a million little pieces , since it stayed true to an addict 's experience . leonard , on the other hand , came off as pure fantasy , with very little substance . even the description of frey 's struggle was too contrived to be believable . it was not even interesting as fiction .
at the height of socialist popularism in england , cir . 1944 , george orwell , a leading proponent of socialism , believing in its promises as did many,if not most of eurpose 's leading intellectuals and politicians , wrote a review of hayek 's famous book , " the road to serfdom . " orwell wrote the review in the " observer , " london april 9,1944 . hayek , mentions this fact as a footnote in chapter 17 of his classic book , " the constitution of liberty " published in 1960 , as evidence of the disillusionment of socialist intellectuals , when they were confronted with the observation that individualism and socialism were mutually exclusive . those same intellectuals had not accepted the proposition when advanced by karl mannheim in his book , " man and society in an age of reconstrucion " ( 1940 ) . mannheim had been a long opponent of socialism , but orwell had only been converted after being exposed to " the road to serfdom . " by 1960 , when orwell had become a world renowned author and staunch opponent of big brother doublespeak , hayek recognized that the political proponents of socialsm which was dying as a political ideal , were now introducing the concept of the welfare state . while virtually everyone alive today have been effected by orwell 's works and his prescient warnings about big brother , how many of us are aware of hayek 's infulence on him ? " the constitution of liberty " provides its readers with an enormous wealth of knowledge , of which this one footnote is only a small example . each reader is bound to be effected in one way or another by the knowledge imparted to them , and this is one of the main lessons to be learned about " liberty " which requires the " rule of law " to exist in today 's society , but that rule of law must be understood . the failure of today 's inteligencia is to fail to fully comprehend the meaning of liberty and its necessity in a world full of confusion from the confrontation of competing civilizations . unfortunately , hayek is no longer alive to help guide us through the new millenium . fortunately , he has left us a large volume of work , perhaps more relevant today than it was when written years ago . while " the constitution of liberty " is voluminous in itself , it should be kept as a reference book . hayek 's other works , " the road to serfdom " and his last published volume , " fatal conceit-the evils of socialism " published in 1980 is a magnificent continuation of hayek 's life long discertation on the evolution of mankind 's growth from a tribal , familial society which did not require man to understand or protect liberty , to a group of city-states that prospered because of the liberties protected in athens , but only moderately understood , so that such a great and wise philosopher as aristotle would believe that freedom could only exist as far as a man could yell . hayek 's understanding that western civilization has prospered from individualism , that it has grown and prospered from the freedom to travel , to trade , to exchnge property , material , real and intellectual . he explains why man must be humble , that humans progress from trial and error , not from conceited belief that one way or another way is correct . that to be free and liberated is to be free to make mistakes and government should exist to protect individuals'rights to make mistakes while they attempt to profit in their own ideals and beliefs .
this has to be one of the most ridiculous books i have ever read . at one point the authors ask : if money equals security , would n't you feel safe walking through a major american city at midnight with a suitcase full of cash handcuffed to your wrist ? if money really did equal security , you would ! i stopped reading after that . i will say , however , that this book cured me of all of my bad financial habits . i never want to be so bad off as to look to a book like this for advice again .
if you have fond memories of ms steele , or no memory at all because you 're new to her , please... do n't read this book . liam looks like a child with his long blond hair ; he acts up because no one can control him since that 's what his parents tried to do to him ; he sees any " no " as a slap in the face because once again , that 's what his parents did to him . sasha looks like a cold woman with her pale skin and dark hair always pulled back ; she is totally concerned about her reputation : " but what will they think of me ? " and ca n't stand up for her needs ; she refuses to lower her standards , but when liam leaves , she falls into a " morbid depression " and goes back to him . repeat for 300 pages.. .  " careless , " " self-indulgent , " " filler " are three words i 'd use to describe it
i heard about this book growing up but did n't read it until just recently ( a middle-aged adult ) and i have to agree with so many other reviewers who feel its popularity largely stems from the time period in which it was written , i.e. , it was so shocking and disgusting ! such filth ! i mean , that 's why i heard about the book when i was growing up . but as so many others have already pointed out , it is tame by today 's standards . i also have to agree with another reviewer who wrote that the " female protagonist is completely a male fantasy . the book 's message is simply that men like women who are able to climax at the same time as their partners without any need for foreplay or other effort on the man 's part... " now , you see , what struck me about sir clifford 's situation , and lady chatterley 's , for that matter , is if they really loved each other , his paralysis from the waist down would n't have had to put a stop to his supplying her with orgasms ; there are other things that can be done , yes ? in fact , quite possibly connie would have had an orgasm for the first time ! ( ahem , women readers will know what i mean . ) but clifford treated connie poorly . with or without the lack of sex issue , i think she would have been emotionally open to an affair anyway . which to me , just goes to show that a man wrote the book...a man totally out of touch with what really makes a woman tick .
i bought this book on a friend 's recommendation . if i had been in a book store and could have read a page or two i would have known immediately it was not the type of book i would read . i 'm sure it 's wonderful for those who like it . i passed it on to a friend
this story was about a young brother trying to make it in life . i have to admit that i was excited to read this book , and it let me down . i did n't like how bobby let pearl walk all over him . i do n't think bobby dallas was portrayed as a " do right man " at all , but rather a wimp . during the first half of the book , i waited for him to get a back bone , which he never did . from there on the whole story was slow . i was bored about continually reading about him and his radio job . this was a slow read for me , i skipped a few chapters just so i could find out what finally happened in the end
this book is filthy . i had to take a shower after i read it . why does n't he get a job ? why does he have to live in france ? why does n't he save his money instead of investing it in alcohol and hookers ? so many questions . people just think this book deserves a place on the same shelf as say james michenier because it was banned . it was banned because it 's a bad book
i enjoyed the first 3 books of the women 's murder club . did n't like too much the 4th ( of july ) , but the 5th is just bad ! what 's the plot ? there is no plot ! 2 serial-killer stories try to share the pages of this not-such-a-page-turner , the 1st mystery ( car girls ) get solved mid-way throught the book and i bet plenty of readers wo n't remember it by the end of this painfull read... by trying to develop 2 stories , patterson gets our interest for none . the most sad thing of all is that i used to like to women 's murder club members , but now they all seem so unreal , remote from anything actually likeable . and it 's been the case since one of them died and another one joined the club , in the most stupid , artificial way really . not much to save this book , it 's even badly written . do n't know if patterson thinks about writting a 6th , but do n't count on me next time
i bought this off of the new york public library website . what an utter waste of $ 40 . the book that comes with the software is somewhat helpful , but honestly there is no new information to anyone who has been collecting books for a while . the worst part is the " software " that you are supposed to use to catalog your books . first of all , it is difficult to install--this is always a sign of a inferior product : no product that was properly qa 'd would be released in such condition . second of all , the product is just a fancy version of a spreadsheet . i could literally use excel or ms access to catalog my books just as well as this software . you actually have to input every piece of data associated with a book . there is no excuse for anyone with an internet connection to have to manually input book data . i state again : it is very surprising that the new york public library would include this product in their stores . it is a major , major rip off and there are far superior cataloging products out there . the product i finaly ended up using is one called readerware ( http : //www.readerware.com/ ) . readerware , for the same amount of money ( $ 40 ) , allows you to scan in the barcodes of your books--the software comes with its own cuecat scanner . then the software looks up the barcodes you entered , ( using the internet ) , and updates each barcode with all the available info on the book . i scanned 800 + books in about 4-5 hours . btw , you can also use readerware to scan in all of your dvds and cds , ( you have to pay more to get the full version of readware that supports books , dvds , and cds ) . of course , you do n't have to take my recommendation to buy " readerware " , but please do n't waste your money on " your home library .
i like the idea that michael lewis wrote this book/article to defend a man whose coaching techniques are clearly out of style in todays world of my child this and my child that . having said that i did not like this book :  1 ) the writing was chopping and hard to follow at times . i had to re-read many sentences to understand lewis ' point . 2 ) the story lacked the depth of lewis ' other wonderful books - where 's the who/why/what that lewis used to moneyball ( and others ) educational - i wanted the story behind the story . 3 ) who were all the pictures of ? i found them distracting.. .  i 'll continue to read lewis ' books bu thope the next one is bette
i bought this book with big aspirations of another " joy of cooking " with a little upscale to it . while i must say the design of the book is fabulous ( i am a graphic designer and truly love the cookbook 's design ) , the recipes leave much to pine for . i do n't like that most of the ingredients are nothing i normally keep in the house and i am not likely to use often enough to warrant purchasing them . i have yet to actually cook a meal from it for this reason and i have owned the book for over a year . i will stick to " joy of cooking " for it is much more of a tool in the kitchen .
maybe it is me but this novel was about as exciting as watching the grass grow . it is the first mystery novel that i have read by a female author and i hope that it is not representative of the gender . but , by the reviews here , all by women , i can see that jance writes to that crowd . her readers seem to like being taken down the aimless boring pass of relationship drible . if you want to spend 10 pages with the main character sitting and talking about nothing in her mothers house or on her friends porch talking about their health than this book is for you . it is amazing that jance can start great with the murder scene and then 200 pages later start uncovering her first clue , the insulin bottle . jance gives no indication that oak vista or the stranded stranger are even remotely related to the story . do not start this book it is absolutely a total waste of time . if you want a good mystery read coben , crais , patterson or michael connely
al gore is making a good road to tell us the facts on global warming , but he is missing the fact that in 3-4 years we will have the new ice age coming and billion of people on earth will die and he is missing 40-60 % of the cause of the global warming . the book is good and bad . we can stop this global warming in one month . but we cant ' do it untill we will expose the real cause of it . think about : in one month we can stop it . each month ( in the next 2 years ) we will postpone the truth is just bad . the movie is good and bad . is bad in 90 % and good in 10 % . he put enormous work in it , so many government agencies he is using for this ( mostly ) but he is missing the main point . he will need to change that in the next movie and this is the main point . as a government employee he will never be able to tell the truth . is going to be all the time wixh wash... . we will need to get this work from this stage and do it under an independent ( no government involvement ) study . adria
this book has a bad habit of being weak and juvenille . very weak and ordinary . g
i have read some memoirs of the 2nd ww from a german standpoint and this was not one of the better . although very fascinating at times it was also oddly detached and some of the stories about his sniping seemed " made up " . it sometimes read as a fiction novel where he was alittle too much superman to be belivable . i also found it very strange that he very seldomly refered to other members in the squad , i do recognise that sniping surely is lonesome work but still , it was like nobody left an impression or if he held back with intent . another thing that is getting tiresome is that is always the russians that are the bad guys doing grizzly things , but he didnt stand for a minute to think what his own country had got himself involved in . still a good read but these factors didnt allowed me to be gripped by the story as other memoirs have .
the kite runner gets off to such a good start , with its blend of history , observations about daily life in kaboul , and a compelling story of two boys growing up together . the second half goes badly astray , as the novel becomes more and more manipulative and sentimental . by the end of the book , the author is willing to put his characters through all sorts of hell just so he can follow up with a teary reconciliation . i wish an editor had convinced him to tighten it up , stay focused , and resist the urge to tug at the heartstrings with such a heavy hand
i have read all of the artimis fowl books and loved them until now  i was disapointed with this one , and not found artmis unusaly irritating , but felt the whole book was the lacking the charm and wit that had made the other three so good . truth be told i was younger when i read the first three , but still i can reread them and enjoy them ( as i did after reading the fourth and being very disillusioned with the whole seris ) so if you want my advice then i suggst you do n't buy this book and let the magic of the first three live in peace
i purchased this book to gain a better insight about aspergers . instead , it left me with many unanswered questions . the book is the equivalent to a boring , monotonous ` dear diary ' that gets stuck in one era : his college years and his interest in music . ( this is understandable as the author is terrified of life outside of college , & music is all he knows . ) yet i craved more details , i wanted to know more about mr. shores ' childhood , his parents , the stims , and the chaos...details ! it felt as if the author was trying to prove how intelligent he is , boasting of his accomplishments and how he 's almost neurotypical . his failures were blamed on other people out to get him for unknown reasons . lets say it for what it is : a man who looks kind of disheveled and a bit ` odd ' ( unabomber ) gets a job in a financial institution , he rides his bike in , hangs out in the shadows getting dressed , does n't socialize - and no one wants him around . it 's because he 's weird ! yet the author blames his co-workers . i 'm sorry but the reality is , the author probably ca n't see and understand that he is different because he has aspergers ! i mean , most typical people can spot someone that is odd/weird/different a mile away . they avoid them not because they 're being hurtful , they just ca n't relate to that person . i wished he had focused in much greater detail about his feelings , emotions and behaviors when he was younger-to gain a better understanding of what shaped him into the person he is now . the book was written as if he fast-forwarded through his entire youth and got stuck on ` pause ' when he got to college . while this is obsessively interesting to him , it was tiring reading page after page of redundant accounts of his college days . there is no depth to the book , it was shallowly written and there is not enough elaboration to make me understand , ( or want to for that part ) what makes stephen shore the person he is . while this may be due in part to his disorder , it left so much to be desired . i 'm sorry to anyone who takes offense to this review , as this is not my intention . i applaud mr. shores accomplishments and the hurtles he 's overcome . he must be much more dimensional than the book conveys . i wanted to know more about him and not what he 's done in his life . i 'd suggest a better read would be one of temple grandin 's books . i got a true feeling of who she is and an understanding of how she got there and how autism fits in . she goes into details about what she was thinking as a girl , teenager and adult . her pranks , her temper , the metaphors and their importance..everything . i bought this book based on reviews , and i felt it necessary to give mine .
the story opens well and hooks the reader . however , the ending is a disappointment and comes across as cliche and predictable . i gave it two stars because there was not a category for a 1 and a half
the audio is delivered in a monotone that almost puts you to sleep . not a good thing while drivin
if you want to spend 4 times as much money , 8 times as much time , and 12 times as much frustration trying to serve something that your guests will ultimately " politely refuse " --then buy this book ! the author clearly has no clue that " less is often more .
i originally bought this title when it came out as a four-part mini series in 1997 and it is still one of the favorites in my collection . kingdome come is an elseworlds ( what if ) story set approximately ten years after the retirement of superman and subsequently nearly every other super hero . as the story unfolds , the reason superman quit is revealed . a rival hero named magog killed the joker and was put on trial for murder . when the public cried out for his aquittal and it was granted , superman quit in disgust . the results of the public choosing a hero that would kill are very apparent in the future . the children of the super heroes we know are everywhere . they hold society in a state of terror as they enforce justice and fight each other in the way they see fit , destroying property and causing chaos . wonder woman approaches superman in his self-imposed exile in the nuclear wastleland that is kansas and asks him to return and lead the former heroes in returning order . when superman returns to the public eye in issue # 2 , it sets into motion an apocalypse as described in the bible , but with superheroes being the catalyst . the new justice league rounds up every violent super human and puts them into a prison designed by mister miracle ( the world 's greatest escape artist ) called the gulag . all this is shown from the viewpoint of norman mccray , a disillusioned pastor and friend of the golden age sandman . he is led on his journey by the spectre ( dc 's angel of death ) i absolutely love this story by mark waid , the way he wraps comic characters and events into a biblical epic is brilliant . the painted art by alex ross is jaw-dropping in it 's realism . the re-imagined characters are god-like in their depiction , especially the flash- a red blur wrapped in lightning wearing a winged greek helmet . issue # 3 ends in a cliff-hanger with all the villains rioting and breaking out of the gulag . as superman races to the scene , he is thrown to the ground by the only person that could , captain marvel . i still remember waiting for issue # 4 to come out . the fight scene between captain marvel and superman was voted # 1 all-time by wizard magazine and is worth the price of this trade alone . even without this fight scene , i would rate this as one of the ten greatest mini-series ever , but with it kingdom come is # 1 . the only possible negative to this series is that you have to already know something about comics to fully appreciate all the subtleties waid and ross weave into this story . nearly every dc character is pictured at least once . ( a geek 's paradise i guess ) after reading this i actually liked captain marvel , who i had always seen as an even cheesier version of superman . the fear the other heroes have of him and his power level make him hard to laugh at , despite jerry ordway 's power of shazam monthly series to the contrary . i hope my description of the story has led any undecided mind to pick this up . fabulous art and incredible writing . ( this should be 5 stars , but i ca n't seem to edit my rating
i did not like the book . it did have some interesting points to consider , but it did not seem like discipline to me . i am more of a love and logic fan . i think kids can not always see the natural consequences of their own behavior ( or do n't care ) until far into the future and must sometimes have consequences imposed upon them , which this book says not to do . i just do n't agree with it
myth # 1 : american women live under patriarchy  myth # 2 : america 's the world 's leading threat to the environment  myth # 3 : america is a racist nation  myth # 4 : the untied states is an imperial power . myth # 5 : the rich get richer , the poor get poorer  all facts . plus , the higher the iq the more liberal someone is . ben franklin , einstein , our founding forefathers like thomas jefferson...all liberals . the lower the iq the more conservative because it is easier to not think for yourself . i love america , but changes need to be made . rome fell too eventually from bad politics
i just finished listening to as much of the book on cd as i could stomach . the minutia and lack of knowledge of police terminology and tactics was nauseating . the words forhead , perp , peruse , crim , and finger were repeated over and over and over . what might have been a good story in half the words was ruined by descriptions of everyone 's clothing , spouses , children , and thinking
this book is so outdated . all the techniques listed in this book are from the 1980 's and earlier , which means that most of the things you can learn from this book are already learned by you from the past . there are much more recent interesting researches and discoveries of human nature you can find in other books
its a good book to draw examples of idustries in different stages of technology evolution . however it is lacking in theoretical content ,
and i suspect this is what has happened to james lee burke . the dave robicheaux series has been floundering sadly for several books now - and that is tragic , considering the promise of the early books , which peaked in the hauntingly beautiful in the electric mist with confederate dead . i grew up in southern louisiana , and burke captures a culture that many people have no experience of . but the series is becoming repetitive and stale , culminating in this book , which is just awful . burke 's characters , with the exception of the always funny and touching cletus purcell , are wearing thin and becoming less and less sympathetic . dave robicheaux becomes more priceless and preachy in each novel . his anti-alcohol tirades would make any prohibition era preacher proud . burke has fallen into a trap of using the same imagery and phrasing again and again , and it makes the reader wonder if he is n't cutting and pasting entire paragraphs repeatedly . if i read one more time in a burke book that leadbelly strung his twelve stringed guitar in octaves , i will be sick ( hey , mr. burke ? twelve stringed guitars have always been strung that way , leadbelly did n't invent that tuning , okay ? ) if i read the word " phallus " in a sex scene in one of burke 's books one more time , i think i will just give up . the phrases are getting old - really old . the preaching about political corruption and alcohol got old many books ago . one thing to be thankful about in this abysmal wreckage of what was once a great series - bootsie , dave robicheaux 's wife , is dead , though that does n't keep her out of the story . but at least the reader is spared another element that has been repeated to death - the moment in every book with bootsie in it where she gets up in the night , angry with dave , and goes to sleep on the couch . i 've had bets with other readers as to what page bootsie will do this inevitable stunt ( which then opens up the opportunity for another sex scene with the " phallus " when they kiss and make up ) in each burke novel where she is a character . thankfully , also , alafair , dave 's adopted daughter , is far away at college , and we are spared her teenaged brattiness which became tedious in the earlier books and yet another repetition of the story of how dave came to adopt her , which is included in every book since the introduction of the alafair character . it 's time for mr. burke to let the series go . it 's a travesty of its former self . reading this book is like visiting a relative who has lost their mind to dementia - you see a hollow , nearly unrecognizable shell of a formerly vital and beloved person . it 's painful
i am newly preg too . i went out and got this book without reading any reviews . i sum it up this way : a pompous composition of contradiction and condescension . i ca n't stand the tone and the constant jabs seemingly mocking you and having a great old time enjoying those pains you will be feeling ! ie ..and all those trips to the bathroom to hug the toilet . ha ha ha.. .  last night , i 'm reading her stupid book and i get some good advice on what to do with your friends who are smokers . i would just not be near them while they smoke . period . she says to threaten them with the law that protects non-smokers . good idea...if that does n't work , ask them all to quit because you are pregnant . and if that does n't work try being nice . i do n't know many smokers but i do n't know even one who would smoke in a house or one who would smoke outside and blow the smoke in my face . another comment that really got me..take a good look at your slim waistline because wo n't see it for a long time ! ( implied : or ever ! ) i take pride in keeping myself fit . i am a little freaked about the weight issue . i find that comment insensitive to a point of being twisted . what about the first-timers who are also former eating disorders --like me . even the woman on the cover of this book looks like a stepford wife .
dr. rieux , the main character of the novel , moves throughout the book in a detached surreal hopeless manner . he goes thru the motions of " doing his job " while death surrounds him from a wide spread and accelerating plague . i find jose saramago 's " blindess " to be a far superior book to the plague . similar theme and concept but more descriptive and moving . the plague was clinical in its approach - almost bloodless . i found this highly acclaimed book to be very difficult to re-read , often having to re-read many pages over and over . i would pass on this book
not very scary , too long , and poor character development . there are a lot of good reviews about the book . maybe i missed something
f this self-help industry crap . quasi-astrological poppycock at its worst . i can tell this book clamps on to the mind and squeezes it to death merely by reading the cliched title . humans are far more complex than the hack man-warrior/female-maiden title what 's-his-name gives them . and remember , this " doctor , " is quietly making mucho mucho bucks off your poor purchase . your goddamned ancestors never needed a book to run their lives , so why do you ? let 's push all the life coaches off cliffs and put the self-help industry to the torch . that 's a great start to a sane life
this book shows how robert has been lying all along . he talks about how he bought his dream car while being homeless . ok then , how did robert make the monthly payment ? why would he be stupid enough to sleep in a porsch as a bum ? this guy is such a liar and is trying to con the masses . he is a conman and a good one . thats why hes a motivational speaker . it takes a good speaker to con you out of your hard earned money . do n't fall for this conman ! this book contradicts what robert has been preaching in previous books . robert says pay off your debt while he says he bought his dream car while being homeless . that would be odd but it is n't odd because robert is a professional liar
this was the first book by danielle steele that i have read and it will be the last i read by her . i was truly disappointed and believe she is a highly over-rated author . the story was very drawn out and i caught myself dozing off a few times because the book was so boring . if you want to fall asleep quick then this is the book for yo
i have very mixed feelings about this book and ca n't say i enjoyed it all that much . i love the story of sappho , what little is known of it , and so i picked up this book expecting to see a historical fiction novel cut with realism , research , and certainly the unavoidable necessary lewdness of the celebrity of lesbos . but monsters ? centaurs ? i mean , the story of sappho 's life is not the story of the odyssey and for the life of me i do n't understand why author erica jong decided to give her readers a combination of greek heroine and clash of the titans . once i was able to get past the fantasy elements , i realized that i was not being pulled into the story on its own merits . there was n't enough emotional dimension -- for all her travels , we 're shown pretty landscapes and scary oceans but we do n't see enough of a real character . i read sappho 's poems in college and the talented mind behind those words is not present in this book . i 'm not saying the book is without its good points . jong has certainly done a lot of research and her enthusiasm is many times contagious . but i found the whole bit a little odd... like picking up a book about cleopatra and seeing her encounter dragons , unicorns , and the goddess isis . if jong had written about ariadne , this all might have worked . the blend of fantasy just did n't add up to a palatable meal for me
i usually enjoy ms. maron 's deborah knott books very much . the characters are well drawn and give deep insight into southern life . this one , however , is very flat and the characters are poorly drawn and one dimensional . the first murder does n't seem to contribut anything to the storyline and is just " there " . the second one involving dwight 's son ( who is a very poorly developed child character ) and his ex wife is not very interesting . i devoutly hope this was the nadir of the series and it will improve after this . probably not , though-i foresee several storylines involving husband/stepmother/stepchild conflicts . glad i checked it out from the library and did n't purchase it outright..do the same and do n't waste your money
i 've read a lot of the books in the series , and hillerman is one of my favorite mystery writers , but i have to say this one fell way short of his other mysteries . my main complaint is the presence of several plot gaps and inconsistencies not characteristic of the author--his well-crafted mysteries almost always hold water , but not this one . i whole-heartedly recommend most of hillerman 's other jim chee/joe leaphorn novels , but if you want a good entrance into his captivating style and skill , this is not the book to pick up .
the story was slow , predictable and boring . i am still amazed i hung in there and finished reading it . it 's a dud in my opinion
the sub-header to this book could very well be : " all work & no play makes jack a dull boy " . basically , tom stanley 's scholarly treatise on american wealth comes down to this mind-ripping , continent-blasting conclusion :  millionaires , you see :  1 ) save more than they spend ;  2 ) do n't spend anything . that 's it . page after page , chart after chart , graph after graph , anecdote piling up on anecdote , all of it boiling down to the same conclusion : do n't spend more than you save . clip coupons . hang on to your wife ` til death you do part . buy a rambler for 80 grand , and cling to it like a rat clutching a big mac in a hurricane . to wit : if you 're a good little bob cratchit , and burrow down in your suburban dacha , drive the civic , eat top ramen , and take your vacations at the state museum of knitting & the fine arts , you 'll die loaded ! sound like fun ? did n't think so . look : you 've got one life , and after death all bets are off . sure , you could be hauled up by the angels to paradise , or it could just be one plate of linguini too many , a nasty flatline and one vast inky void of non-consciousness . either way , you 're looking at one single trip on this not-so-flat earth , so you might as well live large . it 's true , now : you can haul in major bank in whatever profession you choose : eremetic horror-writer , wall street tycoon , railroad baron , small-town librarian , legal eagle defender of the criminally insane , whatever . and you can always outspend it . that is the source of endless tragedy and dickensian woe throughout the ages , without a doubt . but there pitfalls at the other extreme . listen : i live next door to one of these mcmillionaires . the guy is this enfeebled little wizened gnome of a critter , used to be a bank vice president and got bought out because he was a dingus . total skinflint . miser . goes on his own hunting trips and brings back venison , deer meat , which he forces his family of---jesus , i think 12---to eat for months . lives in a shacky little rambler , buys used crown vics from the local police department and bargain basement prices . the guy , no doubt , is high net worth . but he 's also a loser . this is a guy who did n't want to cough up a few hundred bucks to help build a joint fence between our properties---so there 's a fence , even a fence that abuts his property---but beyond my house and demesne , he elected not to build a fence . instead , he got a plastic jersey barricade ( orange and white ) and went with that . is that any way to live ? is that really what it means to be a ` millionaire ' ? i think not . half the glory of the age of great american consumption is buying stuff you do n't need , but want . desire . demand . what else is work for ? find a way to creative bliss , work at something you 're good at , that you have a real passion for , and the money will follow . but for the love of god , it 's only money : spend it ! what is money for , if not to indulge yourself ? sure , get a pace---plan to the end---set a budget . but how many of you want to be that newspaper column on page a3 , the 95 year old dowager pauper who begged for alms on the streetcorner , ate catfood out of a tin , and scrounged for quarters by the bus stop , then was found rigid and cold in the urine-stiff sheets of her dirty bed , sprawled atop a fortune estimated at 20 million bucks ? sound like a plan ? i think not . money may not buy happiness , but it sure as hell can get you a rolls-royce phantom . " millionaire next door " might have it right in its sociology---and for what it is , stanley 's thesis is meticulously researched , mustered like a well-trained army , and capable of marshalling its teeming forest of facts like a well-drilled martinet---but it 's off the map when it comes down to the point of the whole thing : if you 've got it , flaunt it . " millionaire next door " is n't a bad book : it 's scholarly , and plods along its own hand-me-down lodestar towards its prophesied conclusion ( be cheap ! die loaded ! ) , and perhaps some folks will be astounded to discover there are some real richies down the block who in another day would have been called skinflints . but as a map to your stars , this one is a little cramped , cribbed , dank , and stinks of mothballs . i think i 'll take first class---scratch that , how much did you say that learjet was going for , again ? js
one ca n't be sure that this book is n't deliberately exploiting a cynical belief that most business books are so bad , that if this were n't crappy , it would n't sell . even for someone who believes in csik 's theory of flow , this book is a no-win blow-out . instead of making clear statements backed by evidence , the book 's tone and presentation are mere editorializing assertions . there is no reason to read this , when his original popularization , flow , more carefully and clearly summarizes csikszentmihalyi 's interesting research .
i was expecting a substitute for the classic " photoshop channel chops " by monroy and friends . it trivializes the subject with " how to unlock the hidden power of channels ... blah blah . if you want a better understanding of channels be prepared to wade through a lot of fluff with this one . infomercial .
i do n't get the impression from reading the book that the authors have even tried to analyzed the financial holdings that was set up . it is the thinnest book on enron that i read , for very good reason .
the storyline is way over-the-top , the plot is very poor , the red-neck-america-knows-best attitude of the writer is funny and sometimes annoying . still , i 've red worse books . but not many .
having read clive cussler adventures for over 10 years , i was totally disgusted with the redneck and narrow minded attitudes expressed in the book . the father , who does not stay with his son , decides to revenge his son fighting a war trying to kill people in someone else 's country . that is perfectly justified ! the book mentions hindu mercenaries who have not been seen anywhere in the world in any century much less this one . this is a direct insult to all hindus as being one i am astonished at the insensitivity of the author . how come " hickman " is not a " christian " mercenary or for that matter the corporation as they seem to be in this for the money . the justifications are ridiculous . india and hindus of india have been terrorized , jailed , colonized and robbed by christian and muslims alike over the last 1000 plus years . you do n't find us calling people by religion and we have all major religions in our secular country . we have grown spiritually to accept everyone , and i would like the authors to read more than a 2 page synopsis on religions before writing books . the book smacks of jingoism and is a pathetic display of the authors minimal knowledge of religions and global affairs
i 'll put my opinion first , so there wo n't be any doubt in your mind . i do n't believe that you can write useful books about national character . is there really such a thing as &quot ; national character&quot ; ? people are just too different , too unpredictable . how well can you predict the behavior of the people closest to you ? how well can you predict what people in your own country will do ? would every italian , if they could write well , have written the same book as mr. barzini ? i seriously doubt it . so what we have in the italians is one man 's views on the conglomerate nature of 50 million italians . after reading it , i felt even more strongly that such books , though possibly entertaining , are a waste of time . an informative book about unicorns--but do they exist ? anthropologists have been concerned , for many years , in getting the &quot ; inside view&quot ; --the view of a culture as seen by the person within it . while barzini is indisputable italian , he tries to visualize italians as seen by foreign visitors , then explain to those of us not lucky enough to travel there , why they are as visitors see them , or why they are not as foreigners may think . this is not a successful gambit . cultures are based on many general factors--like history , socio-economic patterns , religion , family , etc.---but the specific results are just that , specific . barzini covers many topics--the importance of spectacle and giving an illusion of something rather than actually having that quality ; the family vs. the state ; italian modes of achieving success ; the north-south split ; sicily and the mafia ; and last , the tragedy of italy 's long domination by foreigners . but nothing really connects . there are only superficial , scattered impressions , nothing very concrete to grasp . the reader is left with a handful of stereotypes . barzini is at his best when describing the lives and modus operandi of particular characters in italian history . these sections were well-written and interesting . but his portrayal of italian &quot ; character&quot ; is fuzzy , contradictory , and ultimately , unconvincing . finally , if you are a lover of lists , you will thrill to this book , because there is a list on nearly every single page . myself , i got pretty tired of those lists . if you want to know something useful about italy , read another book . if you just want entertainment , which might support any stereotypes you have about italians , then this book could be for you
i agree with one the comments posted below . the main problem with this book is mitch is a totally one-dimensional character and it 's impossible to find any depth in him . over the course of the book he does n't change , he 's unsympathetic , and by the time we 've reached page 500 , we do n't know anything more about him than we did on page 10 . i found myself dying to get to the end of this book , just so i could start another book with some substance and some well-drawn characters . another major problem is that most of the characters in this book use the same wise-cracking speaking style so there is no sense of the characters being different from each other in any way . overall , i thought this was mediocre and a bit of a waste of time
you 'd be better off using the internet to figure the game out . the guide feels super cluttered , it 's almost hard to read and it does n't tell you everything at the right time . i think it feels cluttered because there 's too many pictures in it . every page has at least 7 or 8 images on it . the best thing about the guide is the production value but i did n't buy for that
book is out of date with modern economic thought . essentially restates classical economics and provides little in the way of acceptance of the need for balance between government and the markets .
really not sure why this book received such good reviews , because it had nothing new . expected from the cover some reviews of outfits worn by different individuals pictured . very disappointed ... and any ( and all ) of the " what not to wear " books are so much better . oh , sam , did mention it 's better to hand wash cashmere , oh yeah , i already know that .
if you have n't read anything on e-commerce at all , or if you 're a total newbie , the latter half of this book may offer some useful advice on how to start an online business . for someone who is already in the business or has already done some research , this book merely repeats a lot of well-known tips . even then , some of the tips , like in section on affiliate programs , are just theoretical assumptions and projections with very little practical information on how to actually attract sales and traffic . as for the first part of the book where allen demonstrates how he could earn $ 24k in one day , i find it totally unrealistic and it certainly wo n't happen to anyone reading the book unless he has robert allen 's background to begin with . even then , this sort of strategy wo n't cut it with today 's wise and cynical netizens anymore .
this book is built around the idea " i wish it were true = it is true " . while this book has innate appeal to those looking for meaning in their lives , if you 're looking for a firm foundation for understanding coincidences in your life ( i.e . intellectual integrity ) , you 'd be better off buying an introduction to probability
compared to his other superb books , this is one is tedious and boring . the overall thesis is a stretch - trying to find equivalences between pre-industrial ( and pre-printing press ) 13th century price paterns and those of the industrialized and post-industrial 20th century requires ignoring far to many factors . at a minimum comparing a world in which 90 % of the population are attached to agricultural production and illiterate to world where almost precicly the reverse holds is just too big a leap to swallow . sadly , one suspects more than a little political axe-grinding is involved . enjoy fischer 's other books where he excells , but you wo n't miss much if you neglect to read the great wave . besides , the subject has been better treated elsewhere by authors not so obviously out of their depth
bill is very boring typically talks about business tips you already know . the show was much better , you should buy that . kwame is much smater and deserved the job . i can tell that this book is another promotional tool . do n't waste even a cent on this book
my introduction to borges was through the collection labyrinths . i immediately fell in love with the stories , the prose , the poetry , and so went on to buy this complete volume . while it is nice to have all borges 's stories in one place , and at a reasonable price , the language does n't really hold up for me . the translation is... well , not sloppy , but too simple , like those childrens ' versions of classic novels they pressed on you in 5th grade . i have nothing against andrew hurley , but his translation of borges leaves me cold . i 'd give borges 5 stars out of 5 , but hurley ? no more than 2 .
found recipes dated , layout makes it difficult to use and although some of the how-to is useful , its generally from another era . bought gourmet cook book instead
when i bought this book , i did n't realize it was mostly just a consolidated writing of friedman 's collumns in the times . i think friedman is a great author with lots of great insights , but he is n't able to go into his ideas in depth as much as i would have liked in a bunch of detached 750-1000 word segments . since the sections are arranged chronologically , there also is n't the opportunity to tie the themes together . if you really like friedman , then it 's worth a read , but if you are in it for just one , i 'd read the lexus and the olive tree first . it is by far his best
the very title for the book - " i con " - despite its cleverness , should reveal the lack of any objectivity , or class for that matter , from the authors , jeffrey s. young & william l. simon . i could best describe this book as a shoddy pastiche of ambiguous-sounding facts , poor research , colored by a palpable disdain for [ arguably the most interesting legend of our time ] steve jobs . what is really distasteful is that this antipathy of the authors towards steve jobs , seems 'personal ' ; which , in a democratic sense , may be alright i guess , [ but only ] until facts begin to wear thin , and the research seems doctored , leaving the rants sounding hollow , unsavory and shrill . and the facts are n't well-strung together either ! from the very opening description in the book , which overdramatizes and harps on about the return of a " reformed " steve jobs , to apple in 1997 ( as though the most unfathomably impossible phenomenon in the history of humankind had occurred ) , to the careful selection of maliciously undertoned quotations , and quite often blatant slanders about jobs , the book appears to be a collation of 'hate diaries ' maintained by two wannabe authors , whose sole purpose in writing this book seems to be to fuel an anti-steve sentiment among its readers ! if you happen to be one of those people , who finds some twisted pleasure in those idle conversations that involve scandalmongering [ especially steve jobs ] , then this book should provide ample fuel for your negative energy
like most great diplomatic moments , successes and failures alike , decades will pass before anything approaching a full history of the camp david debacle can appear . even then , disagreements on the apportionment of blame will likely continue on for decades after . given the wide interest in the israeli-arab conflict and the complex nature of the negotiations , new works exploring the crucial climax at camp david remain welcome . some dismiss mr. swisher 's work because he was not in fact part of the negotiating team , but instead was responsible at camp david only for negotiations . that seems to me unfair . clayton swisher clearly did considerable " leg work " to prepare this text ; sadly both his rather obvious bias and almost juvenile desire to settle scores renders what could have been an important work at best suspect . mr. swisher 's book follows on the heels of dennis ross 's interesting " the missing peace " and , given mr. ross 's direct involvement in the negotiations ; no one could be blamed for looking at other works as well . however , mr. swisher spends much of his time looking to lay the blame at mr. ross 's feet , even when he makes claims that others at camp david , many more central then mr. swisher directly contradict his statements . much for example is made in this work of mr. ross 's change of " municipal jerusalem " to " greater jerusalem " in a draft as if this caused the breakdown of the agreement . unfortunately , ross 's change in fact was a return to an earlier draft after being changed by robert malley , a member of the us team and now often a talking head representing the palestinian point of view , who made the alteration without consulting any of the parties . malley has never denied this . moreover , days would pass before the negotiations actually broke down . swisher 's target , perhaps seeking to sell books by putting forward a contradictory point of view , shifts the blame wherever he can to israel and the us negotiating team . while such an effort might well be reasonable , mr. swisher often twists facts , making excuses for palestinian gaffs while blowing minor facts out of all proportion . for example , mr. swisher brushes aside the days lost when mr. arafat and the palestinian team insisted that jews had no historic link to jerusalem or the temple mound -- a position farcical on its face -- as mere posturing . however , he never mentions that such ideas , undermining the jewish people very claim to the land , serve only to inflame the parties and make agreement almost impossible . nor does swisher ever consider the palestinians failure to negotiate in good faith , treating every israeli offer simply as a new base line , rather than offering any proposals of their own . again , even robert malley concedes that this disingenuous strategy by the palestinians likely doomed camp david from the start . swisher 's dismissal of all israeli concerns reaches a crescendo when he simply casts aside as silly israel 's interest and the palestinian 's refusal of any compromise for the so-called " right of return , " or the claim that all palestinian who left the area of modern israel and all their descendants must have a right immigrate to israel , a right held by no other people . as to the simple fact that this would lead to the destruction of the jewish state and that the palestinians are thus expecting israel to commit national suicide , on this problem mr. swisher remains silent . lastly , one can not help but marvel at mr. swisher 's odd coverage of the events after camp david . that yasser arafat led a bloody war against israel rather than offering an alternative proposal for peace is dismissed . mr. swisher combs through events searching for , magnifying , and twisting any event that will make israel look bad , while at the same time minimizing or even ignoring the waves of suicide terrorists who have murdered hundreds of israeli civilians in cold blood . mr. swisher even parrots points of palestinian propaganda so thoroughly disproved that even palestinian leaders no longer mention them , such as the claim of massacres during israeli operations in jenin , which exhaustive study long ago proved to be nothing more than a fabrication . curiosity will cause readers to ask why mr. swisher takes this extremely biased view . fortunately , he lays out his rather simplistic point of view at the very beginning of the book by writing the following , " the primary reason for arab and muslim anger against america has been and remains unbridled support for israel 's oppression of the palestinians . " again , one can only muse as to why mr. swisher does not take osama bin laden at his word when he spoke shortly after 9/11 that his hatred manifests from the presence of american christian soldiers in the heart of islamic holy lands like saudi arabia and later iraq . surely neither the bombings in madrid or more recently in london had anything to do with israel , but it seems for mr. swisher 's simplistic world view , it is at the door step of the jewish state where all blame is to be laid .
the religion of peace is at it again ! in response to the popes words , muslims all over the world respond with violence , destruction , rage , hatred , burning down buildings , burning papal effigies , issuing fatwas against the pope , and even shooting a 70 year old nun in the back . wow , such peace from a religion of " peace " . if islam is a religion of peace , then all the guns in the world are pink flowers , and every nuclear bomb , a soft feathery pillow . violence for words . destruction for speech . please ! this is a religion of war , and bereft mindless 70 year old bags like noam have begun to lose a lot of mental function with age . this old bag of a man gives muslims free passes and blames america . question : when will the world start holding to account the actions of muslims , and stop blaming others , such as bush , america , the pope , or god knows who else ? how many more innocent people will die at the hand of muslims before the western world finally , and for the first time , holds the muslims accountable for their own actions , rather than someone else ? well im sick of the left defending this vile cesspool of islamofacism . im tired of the leftist media beating up on israel and coming to the side of middle-eastern tyrants who shoot 70 year old nuns in the back in response to spoken words . and then these radical leftists have the audacity blame the pope ! can you believe it ? ! ! yes , idiots all over the western world actually blame the pope for the mindless violence and destruction that followed from a spoken word . its unreal ! a grown man got a gun , deliberately aimed it at a 70 year old woman 's backside , and deliberately pulled the trigger , purposefully killing her in cold blood....and yet according to socialist america-hating leftists , he could n't help it . its not his fault...its the pope 's fault guys ! respond to words with violence , and then blame the speaker , absolving the person who actually commits the violence of responsibility . as absurd as that sounds , i 'm sad to say there are actually people all over the world who think that . and they are idiots ( like noam )
very little plot , which is boring . the reader should be paid by the page , if not by the word , to read this book !
i bought this book this weekend as we 're doing the pre-five in a row w/our preschooler and i do n't much like it . i 've got a mother w/borderline personality disorder and who does n't observe personal boundaries of other 's what-so-ever ( if i need a break away , she hunts down my poor husband , all my relatives and friends- ugh ) and so this book just kind of made my stomach turn as i could see her reading this to me and justifying her 'stalker mom ' mentality . in the end , i think if a person is from a semi-normal household w/proper respect for a child 's boundaries and need for space away from their parents , then this book is okay . i just find some moms are too smoothering- even ones w/o personality disorders- and this book does n't send a message about love as much as 'i own you' . i like 'mama do you love me ? ' better for explaining to a child a parent 's unconditional love . 'good-night moon ' by margaret wise brown , however , is by far my children 's all time favorite book . i was reading that one to them ineutero and still every night before they go to bed . they love it and so do we as parents . but this one even creeped my hubby out and he 's from a fairly 'normal ' family . take it w/a grain of salt
aside from the 1958 championship game and the 1968 super bowl , the actual football games got very short shrift . the 1964 championship game did n't even get a mention ! whole years are virtually ignored . very , very little discussion of unitas ' career and his impact on the game : mostly just anecdotes about family , friends , and teammates , and way too much space devoted to post-mortem comments from same . i think i learned way more about johnny sample and gino marchetti and jim parker from this book than i learned about unitas . and that 's not saying much . there 's a lot of padding in this book but precious little information . and a lot of the anecdotes will be familiar if you 're a football fan . wait for the paperback if you 're a unitas devotee ; otherwise do n't bother .
this is the first book by shaara i have read . and , if his other works are like this , it is also the last . on the cover , j. persico is quoted as saying shaara makes " literature read like history and history read like literature . " he goes on to claim that shaara brings the war to " pulsating life . " i have even read a review that claimed this book was better than remarque 's all quiet on the western front . i must have been reading a different book . the first chapter , the replacement , is a great short story . after reading it , i had hight expectations for the book . unfortunately , it falls apart after that great beginning and it is a dull affair that completely lacks any sense of a coherent narrative from a literary point of view . and , the history reads like an 8th grade textbook . his narrative style is unable to give life to people that actually lived . they are flatly presented and there is no sense of really caring about what happens to them . after the dislocated short story of the first chapter , the book delves into a long-winded story of the flying aces , interspersed with summaries of historic events that do little more than ruin the flow of the story . it frequently feels like the book is written for people who are unwilling to read a real history book . shaara does n't even begin dealing with the trench warfare of the war until the 1918 's , when the americans arrive , focusing , as i noted before , primarily on the air war that occurred in the first years of the war . i should point out that the air war would be interesting reading in a book of its own . here , however , it seems more to reflect that the author did not deem the ground warfare fought by non-americans worthy of a story . or was too lazy to research the events enough to write about the ground war from the british or french perspective . and , i have no particularly problem with him focusing on the american perspective on the war , but then why bother with writing anything prior to our entry ? i suppose a smaller book does n't sell as well . for those interested in historical fiction , i would recommend bernard cornwall 's work . and , perhaps , shaara can learn a bit from him
this book is an nice collection of differing points of views about latinos/hispanics . however it 's primarily philisophical . it 's more confusing than inspiring . it 's great for those studying for a phd , but will not inspire average latinos to action . this book tilts slightly more towards the assimilationist point of view , although a few writers do express some pan-latino thoughts .
j.k. rowling successfully put me off this book series within the first two chapters of this book . the characters personalities were wavering in book 5 , in this they completely vanished or mutated . i 'll only be getting the 7th one because it 's the last one and i 've read this far so i might as well go the whole way . in books one through four the trio of harry , ron , and hermione were loveable characters tenaciously and cleverly seeking out the answers to the mysteries that came up each year and saving the day . book 5 had them doing more angsting and screaming than mystery solving , and more whining than day saving . book 6 made them stand in paper doll doing a bad job miming the motions the real characters would have done . this book harry seemed to care more about romance . a very poorly done romance littered with cheezy phrases and romantic moments on par with the worst of bad fanfiction ; which had no background or build up from previous books . a female character from the background , whom harry barely even notices all through the past five books , is suddenly the most perfect and beautiful girl in the school in mary-sue fashion . several other characters in both the foreground and background were also unfortunately treated to rowlings amature attempts at romance , none of which bore any revelance to plot or story . harry also had a significant decline in morality and intelligence . the clever boy who put clues together with his friends now cheats in one of his classes and makes one stupid mistake after another . the image of harry that stuck with me and seemed to glare off the pages every time he spoke or did anything was of him lying , frozen in a curled position on the floor of the train with blood coming out of his broken nose , under his invisibility cloak and rolling around with the trains motion after a particularly stupid episode with malfoy . as to the general plot of the book . poorly done . continually backstaged by sickeningly done romance and angst it barely made an impression on me . most of the 'revealations ' in the book revealed nothing not already known or obvious from old information , and the culmination of what harry was not-quite-solving did n't amount to anything . my final opinion : do n't bother to read past book 4 if you 're just starting the series and care anything at all about characterization . a very disappointing book
the premise of this story started off smartly . i was drawn in as a reader as case set up an unusaul plot where the protagonist is in russia to cover a minor story only to be pushed aside while his sources of information are taken away . but from this point onwards the story becomes painfully predictable as time after time case takes the predictable rout . finally the story completely falls apart and it was like when you watch one of those really bad action flicks where the hero saves the day time after time and its so stupid that you get a bad headache . i have read one other case book i think , his " kingdome come " that was written under a psudo name , or maybe case is the psudo name , i 'm not sure . but what i am trying to say here is that 'kingdome come ' was much better than 'first horseman . ' its still a little corny , but it reads like a more contemporary ludlum
keynes was no doubt an influential economist . his theories and 'expertise ' on economics influenced the post-new deal economic policies of the united states and the internationalist wealth redistribution schemes like imf . however , his ideas on economics failed miserably and it was application of keynesian ideas that wrecked so much havoc on the u.s. particularly in the 1970s with the stagflation ( an inflationary recession with unemployment which was theoretically impossible accordingly to keynesism . ) we have keynes to thank for budget deficits and the nebulous idea that we can spend ourselves into prosperity through the largesse of the federal government . read planning for freedom or socialism by ludwig von mises instead
i was really disappointed with this book . a lot of the recipes are identical to one another , with just one ingredient - eg a different type of vegetable - substituted . with no pictures and not much more content , i really regret buying it .
i read this short novel because i greatly admired shaara 's pulitzer prize winning " killer angels , " and because i 'm a baseball fan . the novel feels more like an outline or first draft than a completed work about an aging pitcher . it 's a bit shallow and predictable in its plot . the characters are what one expects in all too many sports novels and short stories . the feel or atmosphere just is n't quite there . any baseball fan will see flaws in the book right away , flaws that distract and damage the work . shaara sets most of the novel in yankee stadium with the hawks playing the yankees . why the author chose to have one real team against a fictional team is unclear . the hawks apparently are from atlanta , but an atlanta team , braves or hawks , whichever , would not be playing the yankees interleague on the next to last day of the season . finally , when a visiting pitcher goes out to warm up before the game , he does so in the semi-hidden bull pen down the left field line in yankee stadium--not on the mound on the field . this book was published posthumously and mr. shaara perhaps never had a chance to polish his prose--prose that was excellent in " killer angels . " it 's unfortunate . there are glimmers of interest in the book , but not enough to recommend it to baseball fans or fans of the author 's other book
lies , half truths , spin and glitz . of course there is some truth sprinkled in . self promoting tv stars are more interested in being self promoting tv stars than truth . theres just not enough time for both . at best it 's entertainment , at worst it misleads the children . and finally they are all biblically illiterate . so be careful...especially with tbn .
because you wait and wait , and then three do n't turn up at once
this book is not as good as i thought it would be . i hope i have better readings with bryan tracy 's advance selling
wright presents no new information about al-qaeda , leaves out plenty of information about al-qaeda and neglects the usa side of " the road to 9/11 . " understanding qutb 's radicalization of islam is important to understanding why ayman al-zawahiri and usama exist and also why they failed at creating theocracies and were lame ducks until the usa found a use for them as an enemy . what can not be neglected is the myths spread about the united states by the neoconservatives and followers of leo strauss . the united states is not a unique and beautiful snowflake . the liberal idea of individual freedom was decried by strauss as destructive of the society of the usa and he told his followers to keep the public in line with grand myths about us exceptionalism . after the the soviet union was kicked out of afghanistan , both qutb and strauss ' followers believed they were the cause of it . since the cold war the us has been working off of the " friend and enemy " model of policy formulated by carl schmitt and 9/11 presented the us with what schmitt called a " state of exemption . " if you think jihad was the cause of 9/11 , ask yourself why richard clarke found bush and his advisors saying find a way to tie this to iraq hours after 9/11 . see the bbc documentary , " the power of nightmares " or " from secularism to jihad : sayyid qutb and the foundations of radical islamism " by adnan a. musallam or the political ideas of leo strauss by shadia drury for a better analysis of qutb and strauss than wright has in his book . if you prefer to stick with fiction about " the road to 9/11 , " check out patrick s. johnston 's novel " mission accomplished .
if you 've read one gary null book , you 've read them all . he is no doubt highly knowledgeable and dedicated to his subject , but when i buy two books with different titles by gary null and find they are the same , i 'm pretty annoyed . his early books were taken directly from herbert sheldon 's natural hygience material , which i assume must not have been copyrighted , and i felt ripped off then , in the 70 's as i did recently when amazon was good enough to give me a refund for one of the books .
unfortunately , instead of an thorough analysis of the genesis , justifications , and problems with overarching property rights , delong acts as a mouthpiece for other property rights activists . delong covers some of the same ground as congressman richard pombo in his 1996 this land is our land , simply emphasizing anomalous examples instead of practicable solutions . delong 's denial of the externalities resulting from uninhibited development leave his analysis unbalanced and ill-founded . delong 's politics overcome his analysis . this book is similar to his condemnation of industry for their recognition to the denial of carbon dioxide emissions . ( ... ) his political agenda overwhelm his rational
this was certainly not one of cornwell 's best works . it was almost like a couple of possible novels rolled into one . it read like a draft for a novel rather tahn a complete novel
this book really irritated me . i loved mayes 's previous books and was really looking forward to reading this one . the concept , a year of traveling to different locations , seemed like it would be really interesting combined with mayes ' fresh perspectives , enthusiasm for discovery , feisty opinions and poetic descriptions . but somehow it did n't work . i get the sense that her heart was n't really in this book . maybe because the trips were taken over a span of five years , and cobbled together ? or because there 's so much ` padding ' - endless quotes from her own or other people 's writing . when she liked the place , her descriptions feel artificially enthusiastic , almost as if the book was paid for by the chamber of commerce . i got tired of reading that she could live there , or could imagine taking her grandson there , or wishes she was born there , or that it 's so much better than san francisco . where she does n't live anymore , and has n't for years . there are also too many stories about refreshing local characters who think frances mayes is the nicest , most tasteful , most interesting person they 've ever met . especially since these people tend to be waiters , cab drivers , rug salesmen or others whose business depends on charming the tourists . most of the book consists of sneering at her fellow americans , or talking about people 's personal appearance . this is boring and clich    d - and if you like that kind of thing , bill bryson does it better . there 's also way too much name dropping ( she 's always mentioning " my friend so-and-so , the famous ____ " ) . what happened to the ordinary , financially stretched , middle-aged college professor ? she seems to be taking on the persona of a celebrity . she does n't want to be crowded in with a group , does n't want to associate with ordinary tourist types - now she deserves the vip treatment . this is definitely a change from her previous books . i think when it comes right down to it , there 's too much frances mayes in this book . i thought i liked her , but what i really like is her writing style . it can still be magical - when she gets her ego out of the way . but when she puts herself front and center , she becomes more tedious and pretentious than interesting . now i 'm sorry i read this book , because i 'm afraid it will spoil my enjoyment of the earlier ones .
the work of a 12 year-old without talent . phrases are tediously cobbled with clumsy , inappropriate similies . story line is absurd . if this were koontz 's first novel , no publisher would touch it
hateful liberals once again undermine their so-called ideology by promoting the hatred of over half the us population . they claim to be tolerant and open-minded toward all lifestyles,religions , races etc... but that open-mindedness obviously should n't apply to people who disagree with them . throughout the " book , " moore also demonstrates his racism towards caucasians and thin people . if you like this book , i also recommend mein kampf by adolf hitler . both " books " are jam-packed full of hate .
who published these weak translations ? yup , they are on newsprint and get smudged immediately . how about using real paper ? b&n needs to stop thinking opportunistically and start thinking about quality
i bought this book because of the 4 star rating by readers . let me be candid....what the hell were they reading ? this book is simply insipid , implausible and a waste of time . get this for a premise....rich , geeky guy buys a major league baseball team called the " connecticut nutmegs " ! nutmegs for a major league team ? ? ! ! yeah , right . it gets better....he has an incredibly sexy girl friend who stars in the c-list movies he produces....ok hold on to your seats , here comes the good part....she is going to be his star player on this major league baseball team ! ! why , because in college she was an excellent athlete . so some buxom starlet who ran track in college is going to play major league baseball ! ! am i the only one who thinks this is plain stupid . oh , yeah there 's a murder along the way . parker ( author ) must have pictures of the publisher having sex with a goat otherwise i ca n't think of a reason why it got published .
having read " the millionaire next door , " as well as most if not all of the classics in this category , i expected life-altering experiences with this book . there were too many statistics , and statistics that contradicted one another , not to mention generalizations about various subgroups that , try as i did , i had to put my copy down and use it at first for a door stop , then because the cover art is great , i decided leaving it on the coffee table makes a great conversation piece .
most books that set out to explain why organisms behave as they do describe observations of behaviour on almost every page . the books of richard dawkins , whom rose selects as his special target , illustrate this well : readers can reject all of his interpretations while remaining fascinated by the purely factual information that they contain . how one can hope to convince anyone of the truth of a theory without supporting it with abundant facts ? yet hard biological information is extremely sparse in rose 's book . there is a great deal about what he thinks of other biologists ' opinions , but almost no observations from behavioural biology . nonetheless , in his preface he aligns himself with the practising biologists " who spend a significant part of every working day thinking about and designing experiments " , dismissing dawkins and daniel dennett as " people who either no longer do science or never did it . " what a pity , therefore , that he chose to include so little of the experimental basis of his ideas in his book . there are a few vague remarks about how chicks behave , and that 's about it .
the first twenty pages of the book quickly sparks your interest but soon after that , the story drags until it picks back up again toward the last third of the book . i think the story would have been more credible if barr would have thoroughly explored the inner workings of her fictional religious sect and offered more details about it . without those details , the book seemed " unfinished " . it was like watching a movie and only viewing the actions of the good guy without being exposed to villain . boring in my opinion .
i 'll put my opinion first , so there wo n't be any doubt in your mind . i do n't believe that you can write useful books about national character . is there really such a thing as &quot ; national character&quot ; ? people are just too different , too unpredictable . how well can you predict the behavior of the people closest to you ? how well can you predict what people in your own country will do ? would every italian , if they could write well , have written the same book as mr. barzini ? i seriously doubt it . so what we have in the italians is one man 's views on the conglomerate nature of 50 million italians . after reading it , i felt even more strongly that such books , though possibly entertaining , are a waste of time . an informative book about unicorns--but do they exist ? anthropologists have been concerned , for many years , in getting the &quot ; inside view&quot ; --the view of a culture as seen by the person within it . while barzini is indisputable italian , he tries to visualize italians as seen by foreign visitors , then explain to those of us not lucky enough to travel there , why they are as visitors see them , or why they are not as foreigners may think . this is not a successful gambit . cultures are based on many general factors--like history , socio-economic patterns , religion , family , etc.---but the specific results are just that , specific . barzini covers many topics--the importance of spectacle and giving an illusion of something rather than actually having that quality ; the family vs. the state ; italian modes of achieving success ; the north-south split ; sicily and the mafia ; and last , the tragedy of italy 's long domination by foreigners . but nothing really connects . there are only superficial , scattered impressions , nothing very concrete to grasp . the reader is left with a handful of stereotypes . barzini is at his best when describing the lives and modus operandi of particular characters in italian history . these sections were well-written and interesting . but his portrayal of italian &quot ; character&quot ; is fuzzy , contradictory , and ultimately , unconvincing . finally , if you are a lover of lists , you will thrill to this book , because there is a list on nearly every single page . myself , i got pretty tired of those lists . if you want to know something useful about italy , read another book . if you just want entertainment , which might support any stereotypes you have about italians , then this book could be for you
it has the potential to be a great book if the author had taken some time to actually look into each breed . the " canadian eskimo dog " is now referred to as the canadian inuit dog out of respect for the inuit people . he has the dog 's height wrong , and the weight range is much too high . this leads me to conclude that if there were that many errors on one dog breed , who 's to say that it 's not wrong on other breeds too ? i was quite disgusted and mad to see the " designer dogs " put as purebred dogs . labradoodles , bichon/yorkies , cockerpoos , and bull boxers are not purebred dogs . they are mixes given a fancy name and sold for staggering amounts of money . the first few chapters on the history of the dog is quite fascinating though , and the pictures are nice . if you need an all-in-one book and do n't mind many errors , this is a great book for you . if you 're like me , go down the road of buying a better dog encyclopedia and different books on different subjects rather than this faulty all-in-one
two main comments . firstly , the book is mistitled or i misread the meaning of the title and i would be delighted to return it . this is a book devoted primarily on how to make your dog perform " tricks " with much on showmanship . i have no interest in that but i do have an acute interest in dog obedience relative to the master 's care of their puppy and mature dog . problems handlers encounter in " greeting " of your dog with other dogs and people . secondly , the book , as written , talks down to the reader and unless you have had some professional experience with dogs , you feel very unqualified to read on . i felt intimidated by it .
i 've read only a few of hillerman 's previous leaphorn/chee novels . i 've enjoyed what i 've rtead , though they are an acquired taste , and i do n't indulge in them very often . i tend to enjoy the earlier , more active years of joe leaphorn more interesting than his ' semi-retired unofficial advisor to jim chee ' phase . from what i gather , 'skeleton man ' continues a recent trend of disappointment with hillerman 's last few novels . even without having read the books immediately prior to this one , i can understand that sentiment . 'skeleton man ' starts off with a rather risky premise , tying the story in with the real life collision over the grand canyon in 1956 . while an author can occasionally pull off a good story with a strong connection to 'real life ' ( see nelson de mille 's 'night fall ' ) , hillerman fails here . the story is bogged down with bland and unlikable supporting characters , flimsy motivation , and very little that could really be called 'action' . chee ends up joining leaphorn in the background for much of the story . the spiritual and ritualistic aspects of hillerman 's earlier books are , for the most part , glossed over here . even what should have been a major plot development ( chee 's wedding ) is overshadowed by chee have to rescue manuelito , in the manner of far too many contrived 'superman rescues lois ' situations . better to stick with hillerman 's earlier novels . the 'aging athlete past his prime ' analogy suits hillerman , i 'm afraid
this book is 'oragnized ' into sections - getting started , organizing room by room , organizing finances , organizing time , organizing home life , and organizing transitions . who needs an entire section telling you the benefits of being organized - is n't that why i bought the book ? the author takes 'plain and simple ' to new heights...for example - " to organize your refrigerator , start by uncluttering it . "  i was hoping for something with more substance . there was nothing in this book that i did n't already know . if you 're looking for something very basic as far as what to do in your home...you will like this book
i like looking at old pictures and old letters , but i thought when i bought the book that i would actually be looking in the history of someone 's life with pictures to go with it but that was not the case . it is just a random bunch of pictures and a random bunch of letters put together in a book . the pictures are n't necessarily the pictures of the people who wrote the letters , so you know nothing of the authors , no explanation of the times they lived in or the place they lived in or anything . in other words , no story behind it whatsoever . just a disappointing collection
in my usual perusal of the thrift shops for 25 cent novels , i came across this interesting find summer of 2005 .  from the very first page , the book had me hooked . merricat blackwood is a girl i could relate to on first degree . in her family , she 's a bit of a misfit , and as a consequence , finds herself and her older sister constance locked away in their large old house as the town freaks after the * mysterious * death of their entire family at dinner on night . everyone hates them and wants them gone . merricat braves walking to town to buy groceries for her sister with cash from the vast amount of wealth they keep hidden in the house . the towns people sneer at merricat and ask her to leave and she , head lifted , tries bravely to remain unafraid . it is an all together marvelous book for anyone who enjoys the cryptic events that go on behind the scenes of creepy old houses .
i will be brief : penroses writing is mediocre , his drawings obfuscate more than clarify . the vast majority of the book is devoted to completely and utterly extraneous topics , and seems to largely be a platform for penroses new quantum theories . his arguments are unclear , weak and largely dependent on philosphers like lucas and searle , while his idea of quantum effects is improbable and surely in the end irrelevant ( can not computers tap into quantum effects ? ) and his knowledge of computer science deeply , deeply suspect . for example , i quote here from the final sections which actually have something to do with his ostensible reason for writing the book : " neverthless , one still might imagine some kind of natural selection process being effective for producing approximately valid algorithms . personally , i find this very hard to believe , however . " the entire flourishing , commercially succesful field of evolutionary computing begs to differ here , mr. penrose . such bonehead errors compells me to point out that this mathematician has no clothes
perhaps this book appeared to be a futuristic medical thriller when it first came out , but now it seems like a bad 1950s horror movie . the story involves brain surgery gone bad , with a mix of artificial intelligence and mind control . the end of the story was very predictable and played out exactly as i suspected from the very beginning of the book .
many reviewers on this site read tlgpe in the 70 's , when we were young and impressionable . ( i happened to be 13 when i read it . ) if one could be sued for intellectual forgery , lindsey would certainly be found at fault . most of us , thankfully , have gotten past our fears that plagued our teenage years . after all , when we read tlgpe , we were young . we were searching and seeking . we did n't have all of the facts . there were wolves who knew this , and they preyed upon us . many people who were older , yet still intellectually undeveloped , read this book and were moved to 'believing' . for most of us , our minds matured . we began to see the vast chinks in lindsey 's pompous christian armor . we began to realize that fear is a weapon brandished by madmen , by people who use a subtle , gentle cloth of manipulation to control others . this is beyond dangerous . it is beyond extreme , as most of us have now found out . i love a good horror novel . i love a good 'true crime ' thriller . but the fact that people read lindsey 's books and take them at face value is , perhaps , one of the scariest notions i have ever imagined . that , dear reader , is beyond horrific . . . and far more terrifying than anything you 'll find in the bible or any of lindeys 'books' . the only thing scarier is that mr. lindsey is still receiving royalties from an outdated , silly , contradictory and completely barbaric book penned over thirty years ago . please do n't be the next sucker . please do n't add this one to your cart .
this was a less than stellar sequal to the women of the silk but it did finish the story of pei to some extent . i found the historical aspect of the novel the most interesting and the story of the women the least believabl
the story was slow , predictable and boring . i am still amazed i hung in there and finished reading it . it 's a dud in my opinion
the title grabbed me because i have been noticing for , oh about 14 years now , the decline of the truth in this country . unfortunately , this book is written precisely by the kind of person who has lost touch with reality and what truth is ( definition of irony i believe ) . the reason it is # 1 on the bestseller list is because there is a ready audience out there , of similarly detached people , who want anything ( and i mean anything - a website with a good conspiracy story and a glass of warm milk before bed everynight is their ideal ) that backs up their point of view . it is precisely why the truth is so out of fashion . new media streams like the internet , blogs , etc . offer up " news " without accountability . they allow this segment of society to avoid confronting the truth and instead construct their own alternative realities . it makes people like frank rich , rich , with very little effort . why bother checking facts , his core readership does n't care whether it is true or not , just tell them bush is evil
who better to write a book about morons than flynn ? an abyssmally miserable book with so little substance i was surprised it did n't float out of my hands . it 's a great resource for those looking for a plethora of examples of pitifully poor logic ; two wrongs do n't make a right , non-sequiturs galore , red herrings - they 're all there . it seems apparent the goal was to scoop up the easy money from the thin thinkers in our world . it certainly was n't to write a scholarly treatise where the reader came away enlightened in the slightest way . i guess i have fallen into the category of " moron " by spending money on it and worse yet , reading it to completion . i 'm embarrassed . flynn should be too
i wanted to like this book . it 's a great size for carrying around to dip into . however , i 'd say about a third , or maybe more , i have n't counted , are anonymous . here 's an example : " life is filled with possibilities " p31 . now i do n't know about you , but i 'd hardly class that as great stuff from great minds . then i read " decide what is worthwhile and follow through with it " and i 'm beginning to yawn . when i came to " above all , life should be fun " and " always keep a window open in your mind for new ideas " and i 'm just about ready to throw the book into the garbage . also , the format of the book is terrible . someone decided to put every quote into a little frame , so you get four quotes on a page . still , for the price , it 's not that bad . no , on second thoughts it 's pretty dire . there 's just too many pathetic jingles in here for me , which only motivate me to demand a refund ! if i were you , i 'd save my money and put it towards something else - " the book of positive quotations " has 7000 quotes and i would n't be without my copy
the kite runner gets off to such a good start , with its blend of history , observations about daily life in kaboul , and a compelling story of two boys growing up together . the second half goes badly astray , as the novel becomes more and more manipulative and sentimental . by the end of the book , the author is willing to put his characters through all sorts of hell just so he can follow up with a teary reconciliation . i wish an editor had convinced him to tighten it up , stay focused , and resist the urge to tug at the heartstrings with such a heavy hand
i remember reading " the chamber " distinctly . somehow , this book doesnt even near that standard . the story line is vague with unnecessary twists and turns . the characters have been strongly depicted but none of them turns out to be standing out
...uldrich makes big bucks on the public speaking circuit discussing nanotechnology...i suspect this book was published for no other reason than to provide some " credentials " to support the speaking engagements...his most recent books published since this one have been one about george marshall and another about lewis and clark -- real cutting edge technology there ! ...nope , do n't buy it
the ghost writer was probably afraid to put his own name on the book . it was totally predictable without any of the depth found in real ludlum books
i have been a devoted hiaasen fan from the beginning and awaited all his novels which are few and far between with much excited anticipation . although his writing remains flawless and some of his lines are hysterical , the story is just so silly i found it hard to keep my attention focused . i compare reading this book with watching a sponge bob cartoon which i do with my children on occasion . sorry , i just could n't finish it
i wavered awhile between three stars and two stars , because a company and entrepreneur as brilliant as sony and akio morita seem to deserve at least three . however , in the end , the book 's errors just piled too high . it opens well , with the story of sony 's founding and rise from leaking offices in a half-wrecked department store just after world war ii , to becoming one of the world 's great companies . this is a fascinating and inspiring story , and morita tells it with flair . then , unfortunately , the downward spiral begins . morita consistently takes his experience at sony and assumes that every other japanese company operates the same way , which is a fantastically wrong assertion ( as the last thirteen years of japan 's seemingly endless recession have shown ) . he also frequently takes good basic management techniques , like trusting employees and giving them creative leeway , and tries to brand them as somehow uniquely " japanese " . then there are all the claims which are simply out-and-out false , such as japan supposedly having the world 's best construction technology . ( it actually has perhaps the worst in the industrial world , as the kobe earthquake unfortunately demonstrated . ) or how japan is supposedly a nation fanatically devoted to not wasting anything . ( yet it only recently discovered the concept of " second-hand goods " , instead of throwing nearly-new furniture and clothing away . plus , japanese garbage trucks groan under the weight of the world 's worst overpackaging . )  reading between the lines , a person can see the roots of so many of the problems that japan faces today . for example , morita spends a good deal of words attacking the excess of lawyers in the united states . while this can , of course , sometimes be a serious problem , it also gives u.s. consumers a way to protect themselves . japan 's consumers , on the other hand , without an accessible court system , are almost completely at the mercy of bureaucrats and executives . complaints about dangerous products or chemicals in drinking water are simply ignored , because they lack any threat of legal action . in another example , morita praises the " trust " and agreements without contracts that exist among japanese corporations . in reality , this " trust " is a death pact , as bankrupt inefficient companies are propped up by their buddies , instead of letting them fall and create openings for fresh and innovative entrepreneurs . other than the glimpses into sony 's history and corporate culture , this book is only interesting as a museum piece - yet another in the flood of " japan is going to take over " books that came out in the eighties . although , of course , considering all the " internet companies are going to take over " books that came out in the nineties , not even this is a uniquely " japanese " phenomenon . ps : anyone wanting a healthy reality check about the current state of japan should read " dogs and demons " by alex kerr .
[ joshua 6 : 23,21 ] joshua said to the people of israel , " the lord has given you the city of the all silver , and gold , and vessels of brass and iron , are consecrated unto the lord : they shall come into the treasury of the lord . the people utterly destroyed all that was in the city , both man and woman,young and old , and ox and sheep , and ass , with the edge of the sword . deuteronomy 17 : 3-5 " and he should go and worship other gods and bow down to them or to the sun or the moon or all the army of the heavens , .....and you must stone such one with stones and such one must die . "  romans 1 : 20-32 ....32 . " although they know god 's righteous decree that those who do such things deserve death , they not only continue to do these very things but also approve of those who practice them . "  numbers 31 : and the lord said unto moses , " avenge the children of the mid'-an'ites. . they warred against the mid'-i-an'ites , as the lord commanded moses , and they slay all the males . and they took all women as captives , and their little ones , and took the spoil of all their cattle , and all their flocks , and all their goods . and they burnt all their cities wherein they dwelt , and all their goodly castles , with fire . moses said , " have you saved all the women alive ? now kill every male among the little ones , and kill every woman that has known a man by lying with him , but all the young girls who have not known a man by lying with him keep alive for yourselves . "  [ quran-60 : 8-9 ] god does not enjoin you from befriending those who do not fight you because of religion , and do not evict you from your homes . you may befriend them and be equitable towards them . god loves the equitable . god enjoins you only from befriending those who fight you because of religion , evict you from your homes , and band together with others to banish you . you shall not befriend them . those who befriend them are the transgressors .
i was more upset with this book than anyother . i 've loved every book in the series , but this one was more dissapointing . i pictured everything the sasme as in the movie though... thatrs just telling you how welll it 's written and described . but , it was more about the triwizard tournament the whole entire time . still , i am addicted to the series . either way you should read the story just to understand whats going on . i just wish it would have been more exciting and less predictable
galbraith 's insight on society unfortunately gets lost in a maze of double negatives and confusing sentence structure . his ideas are sound , though he has a very off-putting pompous delivery . in fact , his verbosity and poor structure is so bad , that it turns what should be a slim read into a fairly mind-numbing experience . the book really needs to go back to an editor
mr. galbraith is smart , accomplished , and learned man who knows what is best for all us . his view of a good society differs from past visions of societal utopia . rather than a completely coercive state directing the actions of its citizens to some hirer calling , mr. galbraith aims to be ` practical ' and just further defines the third way . nonetheless , his proposal of what makes a good society is not the classical liberal view and it is more attuned to the european model of society . many of his proposals are so silly you wo n't take them seriously . but sadly , he is quite serious . for example , mr. galbraith states that in a good society everyone should have a rewarding life . of course , he never defines the standard by which society should judge whether or not a life is rewarding . neither does he address what one should do if their life is un-rewarding and what the obligation is of society to fulfill that vision of a rewarding life . and , of course , who is the ` rewarding life judge ' and does this judge have the authority of the state to take something from someone ( who has a life that is deemed too rewarding ) for someone who has life that is too un-rewarding . mr. galbraith fails to convince the reader of the practicality of his proposals and ends up straddling a line between socialism and capitalism , and saying nothing new
even the avid " trekie " reader of the star trek science fiction novels , movies and television series must suspend disbelief , when he finds captain kirk saying " beam me up , scotty . " but the biblical literalist reading this book need make no such effort , when he reads in this book that jesus will effectively beam millions of true christians up to heaven in the world-wide " rapture . " though the characters and their roles are fictitious , the book specifically references the relevant biblical passages for the believer . the story line opens with the chaotic moment of discovery after the historic mass rapture event , and the remainder is a moral melodrama concluding with emotional born-again conversions . in the september/october 2006 issue of foreign affairs walt mead writes that fundamentalists are not hospitable to the idea of gradual progress toward a secular utopia driven by technological advances and the cooperation of intelligent people of all religious traditions . instead fundamentalists separate themselves from the world and have a premillennial pessimism about prospects for social reform . billy graham 's biography by strober notes that they criticized graham 's " new evangelism " for its inclusiveness and for its involvement in addressing social problems . yet their separatism does not preclude proselytizing as portrayed in these novels by the " tribulation force " or as exemplified by jerry falwell 's moral majority . they are also committed to an apocalyptic vision of the end of the world and are hostile to international institutions such as the united nations . mead notes that it is no coincidence that the left behind novels show the antichrist rising to power as the secretary-general of the united nations . the u.s. statistical abstract reports that the per capita numbers of fundamentalists are growing exponentially , while evangelicals and liberals - e.g . southern baptists , lutherans , presbyterians , methodists - and catholics are continuing their per capita declines . such data and the reported popularity of these left behind novels indicate fundamentalism 's growing appeal in reaction to contemporary american society . i see the readers who seriously respond to this book as the " left behind " in the backwash of the tidal flows of cultural change in modern american society , and as conservative christians who believe it is better to stay behind . and in not just a few respects , they may be wise to do so . thomas j. hickey
my problem was that these books were missing chunks of pages ! we did n't notice it until book 4 of 6 , but 80 + pages were gone ! now , amazon was great about replacing the set adn paying for me to return the messed-up set . this is just a warning to check your boxed set when it gets in for missing chunks of pages ! of course , the harry potter series is great , adn we love having them in paperback
while the author rehashes some basic business writing theory , she consistently fails to follow her own rules : - the text is full of fluff - the style is flippant instead of useful - the lecture style puts you to sleep  there are much better books on the subject . a textbook approach is necessary for this subject . not this dopey-run-on-crap .
if you walk into b&n and flip through ( not even buy ! ) the other " well known/recommended " pregnancy books you 'll get much more information than what douglas offers . if you 're lazy/want a quick read , this book is for you . if you 're looking for a comprehensive tell-all ( which the title and reviews lead you to believe ) , this is * not * the book for you . this was a total waste of money ! if i had know it was this bad i would have just used my money to buy diapers instead .
hmm , quite a disappointment , especially after splurging on the hardcover edition . set as a kind of " rockies rear window , " this is one slow story . endless pages of crazy-making when i 'd already guessed the outcome about halfway through . finally skipped ahead to finish the book . i had really looked forward to angels fall , too : ( if you are a roberts fan , do n't spend the money on the hardcover , wait for the paperback , go to the library , or borrow from a friend . not worth the price .
there were several good scenes , but they did n't make up for the rest of the book . not worth reading .
this book was easy enough to read , it just was n't what i expected from quindlen . i usually find her writing style and her way of thinking about things so captivating , in this book i really did not find either of those traits to stand out . the back-and-forth from current day to the past was somewhat confusing , and sometimes i was in the middle of a paragraph before i realized this paragraph was a jump to the past , whereas the previous paragraph was present time . although i got used to that writing style , i always found it annoying . the storyline itself never sold me either : a typical , young " sew-your-wild-oats " boy finds a baby and decides to keep it and is the " perfect " father . i just did not find such an occurrence likely . and , as a mother myself , all the times he either left the newborn alone or took it with him while he labored on the land just made me squirm . anyway the whole story seemed far-fetched and disjointed to me , and a disappointment especially since i have been a quindlen fan for many , many years
just awful  save your money , this book is not worth it . the pictures are dull and lifeless , boring composition . mann has n't captured anything here but a bunch of worthless photos . any 10th rate amateur photographer could have done better .
i was recommended borges ' works by one of his innumerable over-educated sycophants and i will never forget the tremendous time i wasted attempting to grasp the supposed value of his life 's work ( when i should have been writing my dissertation ) . each time i read one of his pedantic , mediocre peices of short fiction , i was convinced by these elite book review troglodytes that i would like other examples of his work if i continued reading since &quot ; all of his stories are so unique.&quot ; i found the exact opposite to be true . one story after another about mazes , mirrors , mystical mathematical formulas and books , books , books . the ideas were transperant , the language boring in the extreme . his poetry is trite . who needs this ? borges reads like a petulant graduate student at university of chicago who failed repeatedly to get his/her short fiction published in _the atlantic monthly_ . particularly among academics , literary elites and like people , many seem to cite borges and worship his genius more than read him--and certaintly _no one_ reads him critically . i read most of his work , and i can tell you , outside of a few interesting turns of phrase , you 'd be better off reading a yale dissertation on the semiotics of self-superiority . people incessantly talk about how imaginative borges is . the vast majority of popular sf and fantasy writers are more imaginative . even many of the despicable magical realist &quot ; geniuses&quot ; make borges look rather plain . borges merely litters his works with elite literary references and a kind of faculty cocktail party wit to make it more palatable to the kind of people who never step foot out of manhattan or cambridge . if you 're this kind of pompous fellow , you 'll want to sleep every night with a portrait of luis by your side and a series of mirrors , as it were , slowly attempting to seek some kind of trans-substantiation with this benighted old librarian . if you 're the kind of person who prefers reading about interesting characters , enjoying nuanced use of language , and grasping subtle , daring ideas that transcend purile academic banter , run far , far away from jorge luis borges . even top authors from all over the world and every historical period get bad reviews . the adulation of borges merely underlines the fact that this is more about a cult of personality among ( those who think themselves ) intellectual elites than a serious attempt to evaluate his fiction . i think his fiction is better considered a kind of academic experiment , relegated to quirky local fiction publications and coffee house poetry slams , and not an example of literary genius . in that sense , 30min spent on one of his short stories gets you the drift of his entire body of work , and that 's about as much attention as he deserves
i read exactly half the book and stopped . based on all the criticisms of the unlikely ending , that was a good decision . as it is there went hours of my life i wo n't get back ! the book is silly and laughable . the premise sounded great - but the book is bad . really bad
i have read a bunch of poker books and play regularly . there are a lot of good books out there , dan harrington 's the very best , but this isnt one of them . too much ego here and not enough helpful information
i use " the notebook " and " a walk to remember " as optional films in my upper division sociology courses . after hearing many positive student responses , i was curious about sparks as an author--one of the few males writing commercially successful romance novels . after a slow start with " true believer , " i was more satisfied with " the rescue . " taylor 's friendship with mitch and his emotional growth add dimension to an otherwise standard tale of boy meets girl , etc. , etc. ,
ann coulter is unbelievable in her unrelenting hatred of anyone not in aggreement with her warped sense of reality . to her there is no middle ground . i am an educated , well travelled adult who while born in the united states , spent a good portion of my childhood living overseas and consider myself to be fairly open minded . to be called a communist , a traitor , and an enemy of america just because i do n't buy into the ultra conservative mind think is an insult to the freedom that this country was founded on . i have never in my life considered buring or destroying a book because of it 's evil , until i read this one . be afraid , be very afraid of these people
the is by far the weakest grisham novel i 've ever read . the first two hundred pages creep along at a glacial pace as the protagonist ( joel backman ; more about him later ) wanders italy for nearly 200 pages , learning to speak the language and spending way too much time sipping espresso in quaint trattorias with italian carictatures that would make chico marx cringe . when grisham finally rachets up the action and suspense , it 's all for naught , as the story eventually limps and staggers to a completely listless and anticlimactic ending . as for joel backman , i ca n't think of a more unlikeable and unsympathetic protagonist in recent memory . a disgraced lawyer , lobbyist and traitor that plowed through life in a meaningless quest for wealth and power , all the while causing numerous deaths , and alienating numerous wives and children is supposed to be someone we care about ? does this character redeem himself in any meaningful fashion ? you read the book and decide. .
not a bad beach read but nothing in this story is unexpected . i did n't really connect with the main characters . i was interested by the description in the supernatural aspects ( the lights ) it seemed like a mystery/love story that may have been unique but instead was a way too predictable love story .
if the kranks really did what they set out to do and skip christmas , that would have been a good story . the end . instead , they end up having to scramble to try & make christmas " happen " for their daughter unexpectedly coming home . in other words - a typical stressful material holiday , instead of a celebration of friends , family , or even , gasp ! christ 's birth . i agree - if you do n't want to celebrate christ 's birth , if you do n't want presents and holiday decorations and family time - skip it . why torture yourself ? it would have been a good story if they did this . instead , the plot deteriorated into a very stupid , ridiculous and unrealistic dash to the finish line of " making christmas happen . "  a completely unsatisfying and unfunny read . threw it away so others would n't have the displeasure of reading it
...you can waste your time and save your money by checking this out of your local library . if you want to get an " inside view " of the inner workings of wall street during the excessive gyrations of the '80s , then read den of theives - that book is well written and well worth the money ! what turned me off about this book was the structure and the writing style . the first half of the book was essentially the author relating fortuitous circumstances that were the product of serendipity . he was simply in the right place at the right time , had virutally no idea how he got there , felt out of place the whole time ( even when he was raking in the big bucks in ny and london ) , and so now he thought he 'd wwrite a book about it . i also got the sense that he was trying to assuage some guilt from his association at salomon brothers . he was there , he made a lot of money , good for him - get over it ! i was also pretty disappointed because the subject matter has a lot more potential . i might have actually enjoyed it - had i not read den of theives 7 years earlier , and already had some idea of how things took place . but , if you can get it for $ 5 or less ( including shipping ) , and you have little to no knowledge of what an investment banker 's life is like ( and you have n't also seen the movie wall street ( which covers the same highlights in this book ) ) , then it 's probably worth it . i did like the wrap up he did towards the end of the book , relating where he had heard everyone from the firm ended up...althought that seemed a little rushed. .
it is juust a copy of the frist book . if you read the frist the world is flat , then do n't waste your time . jo
what a disappointment ! based on reviews , i could n't wait to get this book . do n't let the 48 pages fool you...half of the pages are pictures , and the half with writing on them are double-spaced with wide margins . took me all of 20 minutes to read ( and only that long because of all the page turning ) . nothing wrong with being concise....except that the philosophy here is overly simplified . quindlen goes to great lengths to equate " pefection " with " conformity " and condemning it as inauthentic . i do believe that women tend to set unrealistic expectations for themselves ( i.e. , wanting to be the perfect mother , perfect daughter , perfect wife , perfect businesswoman ) ; therefore , it creates warm , fuzzy feelings to hear someone criticize perfection as being " boring " . unfortunately , to claim that " [ well-behaved women ] do n't make good lawyers....or businesswomen " just does n't follow . this is not deep reading . 20 minutes ? do n't waste your time .
my understanding is that this book is an accessible summary of the ideas catsells presents in his three volume magnum opus , the information age ( which starts with the network society ) . if this is so , i am definitely not missing much by not having read the trilogy . this is a really bad piece of sociology , characterized by a technologically deterministic analysis . why did i give it two stars instead of one then ? well , it does have some ok parts . catsell 's analysis of the origins of the internet is an interesting bit of the sociology of technology and what saves the book from pure technological determinism . he also presents some convincing data ( gathered by other people ) that use of the internet for socializing does not suck people into an on-line world , alienating them from the world of face-to-face interaction ; this happens in the case of a few troubled people , but most people use the internet to enhance their already existing off-line relationships . the rest of the book basically argues that the network format of the internet is reshaping the rest of society in its image , with everything from big business to governments to social movements adopting a network form in response to the rise of this new technology . this is , frankly , ludicrous reductionism . it does n't even stand up to a simple test of chronology--a lot of the developments that castells argues are driven by the internet predate the explosion of ist usage in the mid-1990s . as castells himself admits , businesses were already taking on more of a network form before the internet appeared big time on the scene , and social movement scholars have shown the same is true of transnational social movements . on top of this , castells shows an effusive enthusiasm for all things networked , whether they be transnational corporations or the transnational social movements that oppose these same corporations . i 'm really at a loss to understand how one can enthuse about both of these opposed phenomena . castells does see some of the problems with the new network society--loss of job security and the digital divide , for instance--but he tends to downplay these . and his solution to these problems tends to come down to more of the same--more internet access , more network social organization . talk about a narrow vision
this " novel " would be better suited for the stage . it reads like a play , often . it 's not realistic as the author goes overboard in depicting " high drama " within a family . they suffer a tragedy that would certainly affect a family but to the extent the author has them changing is not realistic at all . there are far too many scenes of shouting , histrionics . the father goes from being ward cleaver to a verbally abusive monster . if i had to see the mother one more time with her calling " robin ! " i was going to scream . the author needs to understand that high drama and a climax will be inferred by the reader after seeing the conflict . this author forces the climax onto us in every scene . he 's desperate for this end result of angst , high drama and shock . it 's overkill . i do n't believe that a 14 year old would become this promiscuous . sure it happens but this was the leave it to beaver family at first . it just does n't make sense that because of one incident , all members of the family devolve into sordid disasters . in short , the author needs to be focused more on telling a story , allowing the reader to infer . instead , he thrusts high drama and climax onto us at every turn . it 's ironic , actually , as he 's trying to make us feel drama but he did it so much that i just felt tedium . very , very contrived and forced novel . not believable . i do not recommend
please take the time to consider what kind of reader you are . i hated this book . it took me at least 6 months to read this because i could not force myself to read it . but that being said i also hate stream of consciousness and now wished that i had looked at some reviews and realized that was what i was getting myself into . i read 'as i lay dying ' in high school and hated it too . there is no plot , and no point . i hated it .
it still amazes me that anyone takes gould seriously . he is an admitted marxist , and he allows his social beliefs to influence science . that is not science . science is a dispasionate search for the truth . i get the feeling reading this book that gould does n't like what the truth is , so he wants to shape the way we see the truth . they used to do that in the middle ages when it started to look like the earth revolved around the sun . gould tries to claim that samuel george morton fudged his data on measuring skull sizes . this is not true . morton conducted his tests with integrity , and only one error was found which actually benefited the measurements of a non-caucasian group ( kevin mcdonald , " culture of critique " , 36 ) . general intelligence is not a " statistical artifact " as gould wants to promote . gould or any other scientist who wants to take darwin out of biological sciences should be viewed with extreme skepticism
j.k. rowling successfully put me off this book series within the first two chapters of this book . the characters personalities were wavering in book 5 , in this they completely vanished or mutated . i 'll only be getting the 7th one because it 's the last one and i 've read this far so i might as well go the whole way . in books one through four the trio of harry , ron , and hermione were loveable characters tenaciously and cleverly seeking out the answers to the mysteries that came up each year and saving the day . book 5 had them doing more angsting and screaming than mystery solving , and more whining than day saving . book 6 made them stand in paper doll doing a bad job miming the motions the real characters would have done . this book harry seemed to care more about romance . a very poorly done romance littered with cheezy phrases and romantic moments on par with the worst of bad fanfiction ; which had no background or build up from previous books . a female character from the background , whom harry barely even notices all through the past five books , is suddenly the most perfect and beautiful girl in the school in mary-sue fashion . several other characters in both the foreground and background were also unfortunately treated to rowlings amature attempts at romance , none of which bore any revelance to plot or story . harry also had a significant decline in morality and intelligence . the clever boy who put clues together with his friends now cheats in one of his classes and makes one stupid mistake after another . the image of harry that stuck with me and seemed to glare off the pages every time he spoke or did anything was of him lying , frozen in a curled position on the floor of the train with blood coming out of his broken nose , under his invisibility cloak and rolling around with the trains motion after a particularly stupid episode with malfoy . as to the general plot of the book . poorly done . continually backstaged by sickeningly done romance and angst it barely made an impression on me . most of the 'revealations ' in the book revealed nothing not already known or obvious from old information , and the culmination of what harry was not-quite-solving did n't amount to anything . my final opinion : do n't bother to read past book 4 if you 're just starting the series and care anything at all about characterization . a very disappointing book
this was the first book by daniel steel that i laid my hands on....really could not make out how she strikes the chord with the readers . there are so many open ends in the story...chartacters are not distinctly outlined...tremendous scope of improvement on the story is there
woolf 's style of writing ( changing between several characters ' thoughts ) causes difficulty for one to follow this novel on audio . the paperback proved to be easier for me .
this book is not what i thought i bought . i was expecting information useful to left handers . instead i found out why society belives left-handers are evil and research on how left handers are formed . i enjoyed reading the encylopedia more than this book . by the way , it was written by a right-handed person
when i picked up true believer , i was anticipating a good mystery as well as the chance to empathize with sensitively drawn characters . neither panned out . this book is boring . the characters are one-dimensional and there is no mystery . too much detail and not enough substance . not sure what the point of the story was as i did n't get it
this book proves once again , that you do n't necessarily have to be a good writer to make lots of cash and sell huge quantities of books to the mass market . " true believer " is an all-star team of cheap , shallow cliches . there is no plot . no one really believes anything , and everything is a contrived , superficial mish-mash . the dialoge has no depth , and when you 've had too much dialoge , there 's paragraph after paragraph of the main characters , " thinking " to themselves . wow , is this bad . " message in a bottle " was a great plot idea , but its been a slow , steady descent since then . you might have a good laugh at it like i did , but otherwise i was very disappointed .
i have 50 pages to go and i ca n't wait to finish this boring waste of time . very predictable , sappy , sweet and quite meaningless . i give it a minus 1
" the number " poses an interesting question but provides no helpful answers . a four percent draw on invested assets is as much an old wives ' tale as a piece of scientific wisdom , even if it is a number . eisenberg 's number is the inverse of that draw down , or twenty-five times.... well , there 's the rub , twenty-five times what ? income ? expenses ? income less savings ? projected discretionary spending ? post-mortgage payoff and college tuition expenses ? the proverbial bottom line is clouded by conversations with an eclectic collection of consultants , experts , philosophers , and casual acquaintances . eisenberg , a former esquire editor and short-timer with lands end , ruminates about a simple question : how much money do you need to feel secure ? the problem is that security comes in multiple forms : happiness , comfort , excess consumption , ego . and the accuracy and stability of those measures and outcomes is compounded by key assumptions about how long you will live and how healthy those years will be . constructing a one-year budget is hard enough . constructing a thirty-year budget is nearly impossible . eisenberg does n't help his case by the offbeat and idiosyncratic examples and profiles he chooses . doctors , divorcees , ` downshifters ' , and very little real data shed little light on the real issues . maybe i knew too much going in . maybe i expected too much from a few positive references from other sources . in the middle i was confused . by the end i was simply disappointed . and i have my own number , and it changes every day
this is , without question , the worst book ever written on one 's financial life . to begin with , it 's useless : zero information , zero new analysis of old information , zero advice , zero interesting anecdotes . additionally , it 's rambling--meandering from summaries of old data , to poorly written schmaltzy 'new age ' feel-good blathering . what exactly is this guy 's point ? no way to tell . seriously , this book is so bad that all the people who allowed their names to be associated with blurbs on the cover have , in my opinion , lost all remaining credibility . what a waste of my $ 16 and 4 hours . i want my money and time back .
this book has a lot of names . i 'll give it that . but , there are some relatively common names that are missing . and so many invented names . my favorite of the invented names are schmoopie and poogie . as if these names will show up on a birth certificate ! ! the definitions/origins of the names are poorly researched and confusing . for the name " cowboy " the book tells you it means " country " for the name " country " it tells you it means " western " . not that either of those is a standard name , but , for " words as names " are n't you going to pick it because it has meaning to you ? also , the lists are totally false , something the author ( if you can call her that ) made up while sitting around drinking with her buddies . and some of the names on these lists are n't even found later in the book . ( ex . lynus on the " party animals " list ) i wish i had held out for a trip to the bookstore instead of just picking up the first book i saw at walmart . i figured with so many names i would find one i liked , but i am just so distracted by all the junk that i will never find a good name here .
i thought the title was interesting so i bought this book . wow , what a disappointment . this is sappy and poorly written . how does mitch albom keep getting on the best sellers list
the trouble starts early . there is an apologetic preamble which states that the author ( s ) would not dedicate precious space to titles that are well known and well documented beyond the gaming community . this is an enormous assumption about the general public 's knowledge - both of video games and more-so it 's history of design . many people that have heard of these games or seen their children watch the tv-spinoffs , most likely would not be able to identify what the games actually look ( ed ) like or anything about their play dynamics in a gaming environment . even though mario , zelda , pokemon , donkey kong , defender , asteroids , missile command , frogger , etc . are mentioned briefly there are no images of reference for these classic games for us to ( a ) review and recognize , and ( b ) learn from . if this is supposed to be a sort of retrospective of the graphic art of game design ( this is not about studies of techniques for rendering ) then why not show some of these all-time classics as well as the 'new-time ' classics ? the latter are better represented throughout the book but some of the choices are omissions are questionable . the brief smattering of 'classics ' that are shown tend to be more human-looking figurative than 'iconic ' which seems lacking to me in breadth and style of representation . beyond this much of the work - but not all - feels and looks rather 'same-y ' to me . lots of brooding dark scene-scapes and characters clearly inspired by countless horror/goth/fantasy masters such as boris vallejo or much of the work seen in heavy metal . when there is mention of games that are actually considered modern art on display at world-famous museums , such as " rez , " -- we are not shown any images of it because space was taken up by two nearly identical renderings of lara croft ( ! ) in the same spread . one has to ask oneself : what was the author/picture editor thinking ? the fact of the matter is that for all the long-winded talk in the intro there is little to graphically show us where the industry came from verses where we are now . and from what i can tell , there is absolutely no mention of the explosion of games and utterly unique designs being done in flash . arguably one of the largest and least expensive/complicated environments for making a unique game . furthermore , all the games covered and talked about ( that i can tell ) are from very large corporations and as such tend to be slanted and biased in a number of regards . my biggest problem with this book was the editing - particularly with regard to choices of art . far too many examples if things that look the same versus examples of unique design concepts and forms as well as proper representations for an historical analysis . very nice printing , some nice layouts , and some interesting topics are raised with relation to character conception versus form , versus environment - but i would not recommend this for critical graphic design analysis or critical anything
if you are a man , you will not like this collection of feminist essays . this book is worse than bad . it is an abomination
this is the book dan brown 's bestseller " the da vinci code " is based on . indeed , michael baigent et.al . have even sued brown in court , charging him with plagiarizing their book . the ideas behind " the da vinci code " have been exposed as completely bogus by many real historians . obviously , this exposure affects " holy blood , holy grail " as well . this book is methodologically flawed . it claims that jesus survived the crucifixion and sired children with mary magdalene . but if this happened , there should be ancient documents telling us about it . there are essentialy only three ancient views of jesus : the christian , the judeo-christian and the gnostic . none of them includes the notion that jesus married and had children with mary magdalene . it simply is n't serious to reject the ancient documents in favor of modern texts of questionable value , as michael baigent does . of course , a conspiracy theorist might claim that the ancient documentation is lacking due to a massive cover-up . but such an argument , compelling as it may sound , is worthless to the historian , who must work with the real evidence , meager as it may be . a claim that can neither be proven or disproven is of little help . besides , how many sects or cults have managed to keep their esoteric secrets ? very few indeed . there is always a defector or infiltrator somewhere . the idea that the biggest secret of all times was revealed by a confused french right-wing extremist only 40 years ago is very hard to take seriously . indeed , the fact that not even heretical groups like the gnostiscs claimed that jesus had sired children , is good evidence against the claim . the gnostics , after all , made all kinds of peculiar statements . but not this one . why ? why are books like " holy blood , holy grail " and " the da vinci code " so popular ? perhaps they say what many people want to hear . that in itself is somewhat damning , i think . for how many people want to hear the truth ?
eve dallas is a cop in the future , chasing drug dealers , killer and being a badge heavy bitch in general . her foster mother shows up and tries to get money out of eve 's rich husband and ends up dead.i hated this book , the characters are all unlikeable and the story drags
much repetition and too little of artists neither western nor white...or male for that matter . though the sections are a lovely idea the same art is used in each . a not terribly risky venture , this
buy a girls got ta do what a girls got ta do instead . snortland 's book is more of a feminist 's political treastise on how males and females are raised and nurtured versus a pragmatic approach on skills to identify potential threats and strategies to deal with them . she does hype impact training which sounds like a beneficial program . i bought it for my daughter , but read it first . actually , i tried to read it ; halfway through the book i decided to toss it .
although i really do like ripley 's writing and her stories , this one was shameful what she did to the memory of gwtw . i have to blame this on the editors . scarlett was not the colorful character as in gwtw in this so called sequel . publishers and editors should know there is no sequel worthy of the original great classic
this is a revolutionary book . it introduces the stage metaphor into sociology ; all of social interaction is a performance on a stage . it 's questionable how novel this metaphor is , but this is certianly its first explicit statement . the language used to present the ideas of the author is , like most sociological writing , unecessarily complicated . there are some problems with clarity and structure ; the book just doesnt have a holistic feel for me . no sociological background is presupposed , there is extensive quoting from other sociological sources , many footnotes , and various other ways to enter sociological literature throught the book . so if you are interested in reading sociology , this is probably a good place to start ( again , the language is unecessicarily thick and this may be it 's bane as an introduction ) . however , the book is misguided . the idea of viewing social interaction as a performance on a stage is unecessary . the authors motives for saying this will make my position clearer . ( the following is a charicature of the author 's argument ) . there is certianly a large amount of social behavior which is directed towards other people ( the audience ) in order for the audience to build an impression of the actor . well , if it can happen here we can draw a parallel with other situations , infact all situations and therfore all of social interaction is like a performance on a stage , " all the world is not , of course , a stage , but the crucial ways in which it isnt are hard to specify " ( p 72 ) . the performances can either be with individuals , or groups of people , and they can be performing conciously or unconciously . ( end of charicature )  there are other arguments , obviously , and the statement " we can draw a parallel with other situations " is most of the content of the book , which i dont like to gloss over with a sentence . but the real question here is , is the view worthwhile ? my answer : no . social interaction is a complex phenomena that cant possibly be summed up with a signle metaphor . yes , some social interaction is like a performance , where indivudals are intentionally making impressions on one another . yes , some social behavior can arise from unconcious beliefs . however , most social interaction is exactly the way we see it , conciously controlled , meaningful , purposeful interaction with individuals ; it is not some kind of performance with the purpose of creating a " reality " . i hope my view of the book is clear so that the biases on the final part of my review can be sorted out : the book is a waste of time . where the author is right , the statement is little more than common sense . where the author goes outside of common sense , he 's wrong , sometimes plainly so . this book is part of the tradition in sociology of thinking that society pulls the wool over each individuals eyes , that reality is a social construct with no purpose other than social control ( here the wool is the performance , and the control has to do with impressions ... but this quickly degenerates into an obscure mess of assertions ) . there is no real empirical support given for most of the claims . where " evidence " is given , the evididence is so heavily intepreted that it fails to correspond to facts in the world but rather to facts about the views of the reporter . where there is no correspondence to the world there is no truth . various sources of sociology are cited , but this is more like intellectual bullying . saying that some author , which also didnt have any empirical support for his claims , agrees with you is just to bully your reader into acepting your claims . the claims in the book have no practical application in the world , but only serve to intepret situations differently , and in personal opinion , less correctly . nothing said here will lead to better predictions about social behavior or a better understanding of psychology . in short , this isnt a scientific study at all . my final qualm with the book deserves its own paragraph , the use of language . the best example is the definitions given at the end of the introduction " a performance may be defined as all of the activity of a given participant on a given occasion which serves to influence in any way any of the other participants " ( 15 ) . this is a curios definition . me breathing while i work is a performance , it changes the percentages of o2 and co2 in the atmosphere near my co-workers . me staring into space is a performance , other people see me stare into space and are therefore influenced . infact , me simply existing is a performance , since my existance causes a gravitational effect on the other participants , as well as influencing them to create beliefs about me existing . its as if goffman created a definition for performance which included all possible actions taken by any person , and then wrote a book about how all possible actions taken by any person fall under the category of performance . he didnt . he used a word that we associate with controlled behavior ( performance ) and defined it in a way no one is used to . then he used alot of word play to show that behavior has no substance , its all for the purpose of maintaining social reality . i hope this very limited example shows the terrible use of language that is endemic to goffman and sociology more generally . so an ode to sociology is in order ... actually no it isnt . why wont this subject go away ? this book is an integral part of sociology , and it espouses the methods and style of sociological researchers and writers by being an archetypical work within the tradition . the methods are questionable ; the style is obscure . like it or hate it , sociology is a part of modern thought . read the book to be an educated person and keep in mind its intellectual failings
i 'm surprised that someone so seemingly intelligent does not know that stories and specific examples are what make a book interesting . this book was totally devoid of them , but instead used vague generalizations from beginning to end . i read the whole book and was waiting for it to get good . it never did . do n't waste your time or your money . any positive review must have been written by the author 's friends . i would rather eat cardboard that read this book again .
i do not think the man who " translated " the koran here is a true muslim . one can not shuffle and reorder the suras to suit one 's own taste . this man does not have the right to mess up our holy book in this way . plue the style of writing is not nearly as engaging as the ali version . i have not been in a mosque yet that had this version of the koran on its shelves . you can go into any mosque in this country and pick up a copy of the ali tranlation for free . why waste your money on this infidel sham version ?
i would love to read a neutral book on barry bonds , i hate cheerleader type books about players but i also hate one-sided ones as well . the only good things he really has to say about bonds are about his baseball brain and his relationship with the famous marge ( whom he then sarcastically remarks that bonds was only her second favorite player ) . the book covers a wide variety of topics , some are puzzeling . while most of the book bashes barry bonds is also bashes his ex-wife for being an exotic dancer . i was pretty upset to read that , i was a fan of pearlman but i thought he had more class then that . this book came out right after ( or because of ) game of shadows . this book here actually praises game of shadows while bashing bonds for illegal activities when 3 weeks after the book came out the writers of book of shadows are being subpeoned for illegally optaining information , guess that backfired pearlman . in fact game of shadows may be taken off the shelves soon as well . the book uses many annoymous sources ( there is a reference sheet in the back , most of those articles all include quotes from many unidentified sources ) , so its really hard to take alot of the harsh quotes that bonds says seriously because it is heresay . the book pretty much discredits itself at the end when pearlman proclaims that sports writers do not actually try or want to dig up dirt on people , they like to find good stories . that quote alone will have any bonds hater rolling thier eyes at the sheer stupidity of it . sports writing has became essectially a tabliod now . even skip bayless publically admitted that most writers do that . so once again , the biggest problem is that it fails to stay on neutral ground . this would be like writing a book about babe ruth and only mentioning that he beat up umpires , ran into the stands to attack people , slept with hookers , drank all the time , was mean to lou gherig , etc . while that may be true it would also only tell one part of the story and would be a waste , just like this
i was disappointed with this purchase . if you read the book jacket , you have gotten about all of the information out of it that 's coming .
wow , i was expecting a fun , light read , and in the first chapter already had to skim over a couple of paragraphs relating to " mishaps " that happen to animals in zippy 's life . well , i thought , next chapter will be better . not . the next chapter included a graphic scene of chickens being slaughtered by shovels ! every chapter so far has had something very disturbing about animals in it ! if you are sensitive to these things , i would not recommend the book . i 'm not sure i 'm going to finish it at this rate . granted , i am super-sensitive to any animal suffering , but this is really overload . i 'm halfway through and so far this is the list : the aforementioned chicken slaughter , a neighbor stealing her cat and starving it in the basement , another neighbor looking to poison her cat , dog-sitting for friends and losing the dog and not worrying about it that much and finding him dead days later , her father going out with a shotgun to kill the dogs who massacred zippy 's pet chicken , joking about a neighbor enjoying " puppy stew " , keeping her two dogs penned up , torturing a raccoon by holding in front of 30 braying hounds... . i mean , does that seem like a lot to you ? ? ? for a light-hearted " tender " memoir ? ? ? ? jeez louise ! i ca n't sleep at night from this book
i picked this book up after reading both books in the bartimeus trilogy and was excited to see what else jonathan stroud could conjure up . this book was a let down . i just could n't get into the plot . i even found the story somewhat disturbing and eerie , especially for young children to read . there are very evil characters in this book who would be much better suited for an adult sci-fi novel , rather than a book marketed for children and young teens . the characters were unlikeable , and the plot just never seemed to grab my attention . i was very dissapointed that this is from the same author who wrote the amazing bartimeus trilogy books ! well , i figured i would add my two cents in and let people know i just did n't like this book
i have to preface this by saying that i absolutely love eating at the candle . so delicious . before we moved from nyc , i thought we have to get this book . we 've tried several of the recipies , following them to the letter , and have been really dissapointed everytime - with the exception of the hummus . i think that they must be leaving out some key ingredients in a lot of these recipies , because all of the ones we have attempted have been either completely flavorless , or tasted like salt . do n't even bother with the soups unless you are a gourmet cook and can figure out how to punch them up somehow after following these directions , because they all end up runny and bland . so sad
do n't be excited about this book 's small size and light weight , the text needs more examples to support you while doing homework . breif chapter explantions caused me to nearly fail my class . was not a gret book , in fact many students complained to the dean regarding this book . good luck
my husband has a theory that danielle steel has a dart board and each circle surrounding the center is labeled either , falls in love , loses family member , has death of loved-one,fights for life of herself or loved one , loses partner,business or spouse . he feels when she is at a loss she justs throws off a dart and whatever she hits becomes the outline for her next book . i have been a loyal fan for many many years and take his kidding with a smile and secretly pray he 's not right . this book proved me wrong and he was right all these years . it was so obvious from the first few pages what was happening that i was certain i had read this story before somewhere . after having waited long time to get this book from my local library i was so disappointed that it was so poorly written and so badly not thought through i could n't even read it completely , but skipped sections to finish it , knowing what was going to happen before i got to it .
all over the place . confusing . poorly organized . i was unable to read this book and would love to return it . bad very bad .
you have to ask yourself , " why did william grimes think there was the need for another culinary dictionary ? " . as you read the book , the answer comes quickly , before you 're even very far into the " a 's " ... apparently he did n't . i was repeatedly disappointed by the cursory , often puerile definitions which accompany most of the 2000 culinary terms grimes presents . the simplistic line or two of text each are accompanied by are often incomplete and sometimes down right misleading . the introduction builds up the book as a necessary tool to help we little folk through the growing complexities of modern food buying and eating . in a world no longer dominated by a few french terms we are led to believe that this book will bridge the gap between old-school cooking books ( say , from before 1990 ) and the current state of culinaria . why then are so many of the terms defined in an out-dated , even archaic mind-set ? take the term " brown sugar " . this book says it is " unrefined or partially refined sugar " , a definition all well and good perhaps 200 years ago . today brown sugar is almost always made from refined sugar with a special molasses syrup and colorings added back to it - a very different thing indeed , and grimes should know the difference . the are innumerable other examples available in the same vein . additionally , grimes give us " food lists " scattered periodically throughout the book but provides only sporadic support for the words used in them . for example , there is a list of varieties of apples . 48 varieties are listed but when one wants more information on them it is often lacking . sure " red delicious " apples have an insipid definition in the " r " section but what about the more interesting varieties like " sundowner " , or " lodi " apples ? no further mention of them can be found in the book . there is also a huge list of " fish and seafood " but if you are intrigued by what the " geoduck " or " sprat " listed might be , you 're out of luck ( without running to a real culinary dictionary ) . the bright ( if limited ) spots in the book are the articles on food etymology and history . there are 7 of them ( reprints from other publications and various authors ) that are each informative and interesting . grimes would have done much better to have put together a collection of these little insightful gems and left the definitions to those more inspired by the subject . my guess is that the brevity of the definitions ( leading to rampant deficiencies ) was , perhaps , an attempt at simplicity but the effective " dumbing-down " of the book is insulting to anything but the most elementary reader . i know that grimes , a former restaurant reviewer for the new york times , must know a lot more about food than this book makes him sound . grimes is listed as the " editor " of this work ( along with a number of others ) and it defies logic why he would allow his name used as the primary . unfortunately , my copy of this book is destined for " re-gifting " or a permanent place on a dusty shelf somewhere while my venerable , dog-eared larousse gastronomic retains it 's place of honor near my desk . bon appetite , ex libris , and caveat emptor . dh
i had expected an insightful analysis of the motivations behind modern terrorism . instead i got a diatribe against western liberalism . lee harris is the poster child for the modern john birchers , people who believe our way is not only the best way , its the only way . in an increasingly global economic and political system , his view of the world can be said to be outmoded , at best quaint , at worst pathological for if we are truely to address the problems facing humanity over the next 100 years , we will need tolerance and inclusivness .
i enjoy this work , lots of fresh observations and connections.... but having read it in the light of recent trends in the e-biz world , it sounds thin and delusional...a lot like tom peters after way too much espresso . there are consequences from continually embracing change...and , in my experience all of them are bad . i wonder on what real-world experience mr. kelly bases his thinking . my advice , embrace chaos and change , but do it very carefully...because it will definitely have consequences . truth &amp ; beauty ! -bv
the only explanation is that james paterson churned this dog out to make a buck . i 've read a number of james patterson books and while i 'm not a hard core fan , i 've enjoyed most of them . i know this will outrage some patterson readers but i 'm not much of a fan of alex cross who frankly i find boring as hell . as mediocre as patterson often is as an author , readers should beware , london bridges is especially bad . the novel reads like an abridgement , moving at a frantic pace without ever generating any suspense . the premise is ridiculous - super criminals with silly names join forces to blackmail world leaders ( sounds like the plot for an austin powers movie - without any of the humour ) . patterson is not remotely qualified to enter the international terrorist thriller market . an author who churns out 3 or 4 novels a year does n't have time to do the kind of research that is needed to produce a plausible terrorist thriller . the twists at the end - " he 's the wolf - no , he 's the wolf - no , she 's the wolf - no.... " by the end , i just did n't care . james patterson has written some decent crime novels but his fans should beware . quantity , not quality seems to be patterson 's priority these days . london bridges is a mess from beginning to end .
not his best book,i thought waldo lost in new york is more authoritive . i mean who honestly belives that someone who is always lost can be trusted to help other people become self reliant , when he ca n't even rely on himself
mark twain once said that ( and i paraphrase ) the definition of a classic is something that everyone wants to have read and no one wants to read . that is my experience with this book . for some reason , a tale of two cities never made it onto any of my high school reading lists , and i figured it was one of those books i should have under my belt . so i picked it up . what a slog ! a book that might have been fascinating due to its french revolution subject matter was a mass of rambling descriptions and melodrama . we were supposed to shed tears for sidney carton , a character who you barely get to know , and root for lucie manette...the highly unrealistic paragon of unspoiled goodness . the only thing i liked about this book was how madame defarge knitted a list of people on which she planned to take revenge . an admittedly cool concept . maybe this book speaks to another era , maybe it 's past its prime , maybe i do n't have the required literary sensibilities , or maybe i could n't relate , but a tale of two cities bored me to tears .
while it is true that brandenburg is a tremendous photographer and the majority of photos are simply breathtaking . i returned my copy because the datebook also contained disturbing photos of dead wildlife . i 'm very tender when it comes to wildlife , and while i know that death is a natural part of the life cycle , i am disturbed by dead wildlife and would never chose a book or datebook containing such pictures . for anyone who is animal sensitive and dislikes any death photos , then this is not the book for them . otherwise , i would recommend it
i saw this book at a friend 's shortly after seeing the movie . i asked her if i could borrow it . she said i would n't want to . she 'd been trying to read it for awhile , and did n't like it . i decided to try anyway . unfortunately , my friend was right . this is a definite case of a movie being much better than a book . i really liked the movie . however , the book is too long and boring . there are so many tangents in it that have nothing to do with the central story . i ca n't believe i even finished it . rent the movie-do n't waste your time on the book
while this is a well researched and thought-provoking piece of literature , i do have some critical comments to make . firstly , it is apparent that the author 's own holocaust experiences ( or more specifically , those of his family ) have left him with a vested interest in how the material in this book is presented . secondly , there is a lot of content to trawl through to get , in my opinion , a few pieces of interesting material . finally , the underlying theme or accusation that without ibm the holocaust may not have happened , or would not have been so sever , is ( again in my opinion ) flawed . as the book shows , ibm certainly made it much easier for the nazis to locate and identify jews , it would not have been impossible without ibm . having said all this - it was an interesting read and although overly wordy is certainly worth reading
there are two things which tickle me about this book . one is the sample zack 's report at the back which has a strong buy # 1 rating on a -.3 % return on equity stock . the other is the section on practical use of the system . it , of course , is for any type of investor including long term investors even though the effects that the system measures lasts only for 1 - 3 months . and do n't forget about growth investors and value investors either . this section is so short as to be laughable . also notice that in the 2002 a list there were 216 stocks . most are going to have to buy a subset . but what subset ? no info is provided on the performance of typical subsets for each investor class . perhaps an mvo addict or a monte carlo hack would have the answer
i zipped through the first 100 pages of this book unable to put it down . unfortuneately the author seems to run out of gas after that . the main character just goes on a big , boring sight seeing tour . it reminded me of that show on the travel channel where that girl visits hotel after hotel fawning over the interior design . there is not a hint of conflict until the final pages and then it 's very short-lived and quickly followed by one of the worst non endings i 've ever read . the book just stops . not a hint of resolution or even a cliff hanger pointing to a sequel . it 's a shame because grimsley had some great concepts to work with . in my experience novels that mix technology with magic usually fail at both , but grimsley had a workable foundation he could have developed into something unique if he had focused on the sf concepts instead of minutiae . once in a while the characters stop admiring the drapes long enough to notice the giant freakin ' portal between two worlds--but enough about that . gee , what a lovely sofa. .
this book contains some useful historical information and some insights into the mass psychology of booms , bubbles , and busts . prechter should have left it at that . instead , he offers up predictions . big mistake . this guy bases his forecasts on fibonacci numbers and so-called elliott " wave counts . " he labels all market patterns so that they fit the preordained elliott wave 5-up , 3-down pattern . if you see more or fewer waves than he does in any given market move , you just do n't understand that there can only be 5 waves to the top of a bull market . he 's imposing his theory on the market , but surprisingly enough , the market does n't care . it does whatever it wants , in however many waves it wants , and bob has been very frustrated at the market 's aberrant behavior lately . he got lucky early in his career , but it seems he 's been fairly consistently getting the market wrong since missing the '87 crash . any superstitution can " seem " to work if you only look at its happenstance apparent accuracies and disregard its abundant failures . keep looking for certain numbers of waves and fibonacci ratios and you 'll find what you 're looking for . pick any set of numbers or patterns or wave counts , and you 'll find those too . the market does n't care about any of those things , though . it 's nothing more than an aggregation of billlions of individual choices , which are influenced by an infinite number of factors none of us can ever understand fully . university studies of various investing methods have found that elliott wave , like most , is no better than random stock selection . if prechter had chosen the random method , he and his followers would at least have a good chance of keeping pace with the market . unfortunately , he has been getting everything from the dow , to oil ( he thought it was going to $ 10 ) , to gold ( he did n't think it could break $ 400 ) , to deflation ( the " deflation " scare ended shortly after this book came out ) wrong in the past couple of years . he apparently still believes that the dow will go to 400 ( not 4,000 but four hundred ) because his charts tell him it should ( they 've been telling him that since about 1990 , actually ) . prechter does n't understand demographics or economics or markets or the monetary system , all of which render " dow 400 " among the goofiest of forecasting absurdities -- unless you believe a giant asteroid will hit and wipe out two thirds of the population ( i do n't think prechter is counting on that ) . our debt-heavy economy may have a significant crisis soon , perhaps by the end of the decade . it will most likely be spurred on by inflation and rising interest rates . but it 's not happening now and it 's not happening in the way this author has been prematurely forecasting for over a decade . this book came out near the bottom of the 2000-2002 stock bear market , just in time for a reader to short stocks as they began a new bull market . how typical . while promoting the book , prechter said it was " definite " that stocks would " crash " in 2003 . he said that 2003 would be " the best year yet " for bears ( short sellers ) . late into 2003 , when it was clear that the market had proven him wrong , prechter declared on a radio show that by the end of 2004 , the dow would " certainly " fall below 5,000 . wrong again ! since his fibonacci turn dates and elliott wave counts fail to portend the future , maybe next he 'll tell us he 's found the secret code to the stock market from the text count of nostradamus ' writings . bob prechter could n't call the market if it was listed in the yellow pages . this guy could n't time the market if you gave him a stopwatch . he 's throwing out guesses and misleading people by describing them as " definite " and " certain . " he 's either a liar or a true believer in his own irrational superstitions . in either case , he 's not credible . here 's all you really need to know : buy dividend stocks . buy short-term bonds . buy gold . hang on to them . do that and you 'll do better than you will trying to follow the prognostications of market gurus . plus , you 'll have a lot more time to devote to family , fun , and productive activities
this is truly a disappointing book . it starts incredibly slowly and i found it very hard to become interested in the plot . another disappointment is koontz 's recycling of elements from other novels : ( 1 ) plucky , highly intelligent disabled girl ( the young female protagonist in " the hideaway " had almost identical deformities and personality ) , ( 2 ) devoted , super-powered canine companions , ( 3 ) bad guys driving around in ultra pimped-out rvs , and ( 4 ) evil bioethicists . the leilani character is patently ridiculous . she conveniently has a genius iq , but that does not make the absurdly adult manner in which she speaks any more believable . i found it so disconcerting as to detract from the plot . koontz clearly has trouble writing for children , and this book is no exception . almost all the children featured in his books are either autistic/mr or genius wunderkinds ; the latter , however , does not justify his habit of making smart children talk like genius adults . dean heaps the hardships on poor leilani , with all the subtlety of an episode of walker , texas ranger . in case you miss the anvils , you are supposed to really , really like her and fear for her safety . i do n't know how or where dean koontz learned about bioethics , but he has a terribly misguided view of the field , taking an extreme sect of it to represent the main viewpoint of the field . further , he states multiple times that these eugenic bioethics principles are being taught to medical students at major universities ( who will have to pay for their involvement with evil bioethics ) -- as a medical student , i can assure you that this is patently untrue . that koontz could be so off-base on a topic that directly relates to the central motive is disconcerting and makes an already weak book even harder to swallow . the final issue is koontz 's near-deification of dogs , particularly golden retrievers , which is a common motif in his more recent works . it is ridiculous and unintentionally funny to an almost painful degree . his obsession with dogs and their mystical powers borders on the psychotic ( and i like dogs ) . this novel probably features the most egregious example of koontz 's tendency to create overly sappy , sugary-sweet endings . dean koontz has written many books better than this one . spend your money on one of his stronger efforts
mcknight 's concerns about communities ' dependency on professional assistance are legitimate , but disturbingly overstated in this book . in the end i felt mcknight 's trashing of the already well-trodden government provision of social services may not be altogether helpful to distressed communities . he sidesteps concerns of capital mobility and exploitation and the pernicious effects wrought by years of discrimination . any debate over when and where and how social programs can be effective is cast aside as well , since in mcknight 's picture , social programs and the professional service providers are , in fact , the vilains and culprits for most of what ails society . one of the damaging fallacies that seems to be perpetuated in this book is that service professionals are not able to be both professional and caring - the two are deemed mutually incompatible . mcknights views resonate with employers ' caring rhetoric - conveniently invoked every time a healthcare worker tries to claim she does care about patients but is still entitled to a living wage or , perhaps , health insurance . what is further implied is that communities will readily and ably take up the reign of providing for themselves and their members when denied more institutionalized professional services . it seems implied that communities had no problems before the social programs to solve them came into being . in this , i think i see mcknight is invokeing an idealized notion of an society at an earlier time ; maybe his argument would have seemed more reasoble in a time when families were less geographically mobile and may have constituted an economic unit , when the elderly lived shorter lives and were less numerous themselves with more children to care for them , and the local economic activities were more functionally interdependent . but mcknight 's model for today 's cure does n't seem to fit today 's conditions . on the other hand , mcknights solutions may be the only ones available in a society where budget cuts and elimination of social services seem the prevailing trend .
........from reading danielle steel . here 's the book : three bachelors meet three women . they all break up , they all end up happily ever after . boring , not one single exciting thing about this book . i was happy when my lunch break ended so i could go back to work and stop reading . yes - we keep reading her because we feel obligated and hope for a better book someday , but i think i 'm at the end of my rope with danielle steel . my librarian told me last night they are n't even going to carry any new books of hers . that 's sad
while this book contains a ton of data , do n't get it if you want calorie counts on anything homemade . if you look up french toast , for example , it only gives information on name brand items . much of the information in the book is available on the packaging of the products . i suppose that if you wanted to check it before shopping , or use it before eating out , it would be helpful . but if you want to find out the caloric content of any homemade items , you are out of luck with this book
while entertaining , i found several times that the story slowed down and got a little preachy about the politics of drug money . while probably true it distracted from the story by being repeated and heavy handed . i also found the timeline hard to believe . maybe because i have lived in the area and understand the distances ( and traffic ) travelled in short periods of time . i am a big elizabeth lowell fan ( as well as ann maxwell ) but this was not one of her better books
i was very disappointed in this book even though it was a miniature . some of the pages were blank , having not even been printed . i figure the book was a total loss of money spent
gary zukav states in his introduction " i had never studied physics . in fact i did n't like science and i had no mathematical aptitude . on opra ( tv ) he admitted that he does not have a tv which may explain his lack of contemporary physics let alone any depth . i noticed that some reviewers refer to the " new physics " is that like " new age " or voodoo physics ? 90 % of the matter must be missing from this book . or else how can he take physics out of context and make such fantastic leaps to religions parallels that he knows little of . he even twists the religion around to serve some unknown purpose . many people say they did not understand physics until this book ; surprises , you still do not . you now know what zukav wished physics was . take anti-mater for instants that does not mean the opposite of mater . and the relationship between particles has no correlation with the relationship of dogs and cats . at least get it straight before mixing it up . try reading some of these : " the ascent of man by jacob bronowski " . the book available everywhere the dvd 's available from the uk . " the upanishads " by eknath easwaran ( editor ) , michael n. nagler ( photographer )  or just about any mainstream material on physics and religion . then if you still want to mix worlds into one read someone saner : " the tao of physics : an exploration of the parallels between modern physics and eastern mysticism " by fritjof capra . also on the fringe but not as radical as zukav is a series called " what the bleep . " ( both in books and on video )
my first grisham novel , and it reminded me of why i seldom read fiction . the plot has numerous barely-believable twists , the most ridiculous of which is the protagonist 's attorney assisting him in eluding authorities after escaping a juvenile detention facility . said lawyer then drives from memphis to new orleans with the little delinquent in her car basically at the kid 's mere suggestion . absurd ! no attorney in his/her right mind would do such a thing ! the " storybook ending " just prior to the boarding of the fbi director 's private jet is implausible as well as gratuitously sappy . also , i highly doubt that the fbi director gets personally involved in many -- if any -- such cases . thankfully , i paid only 25 cents for this book in paperback form at a garage sale 2 weeks ago . given that it 's written at about a 4th-grade reading level ( and i have no children ) , it 'll make good fireplace kindling next fall . first grisham = last grisham
i was disappointed with this novel which is set in my hometown of chicago . i had hoped that the author would have taken advantage of this setting , but it really seemed as if he had just read one of our gay newspapers and pulled out a few names to function as place names . the plot is trite as are most of the characters . characters change their " stripes " at the drop of a hat . the book has a certain fairy tale , and they lived happily ever after quality that i found really disconcerting . i would have been more " satisfied " if dean ( the main character ) had turned out to be an ax murderer ! just kidding of course or am i ? if you can pick this book up used for a couple of bucks , okay but do n't you pay a penny more
i ordered this book and read most of it in the hope that i would learn something about familiars . in the interval between ordering and receiving my sixth sense made me begin to have doubts about ms little . had she flown about the battlements of an old castle in the form of an owl ? had she entertained a hyrax or a feral cat as a house guest ? had she ever had a pet bat living behind a picture in the living room ? was she acquainted with the properties of henbane and twylight sleep and did she number hecate among her close friends ? the kindest thing , i thought was to suggest that ms little knew as much about familiars as i know about conveyancing or futures trading , and let it go at that
now that hannity has gone on the record as a pedofilia apologist and defender of child molestation . " thank god for hannity ! " -lee krock , founder of nambl
i am a teacher at an inner-city school that struggles with the same issues presented by kozol . that said , this is the fourth of kozol 's works that i have read , and i came away just as disappointed with " the shame of the nation " as i did with the rest of them . i am so incredibly sick of him shouting from the mountaintops that there is a problem with public education . he acts like we do n't already know . he acts like there is some unseen solution out there that should be obvious to everybody . instead of pointing fingers and and complaining about it , why does n't he use his experience and know-it-all knowledge to offer real , concrete and practical solutions ? kozol is a classic monday-morning quarterback pointing out the flaws in what everybody else is doing - but he does n't get his hands dirty anymore . if he is really as educationally omnipresent as he thinks he is , the least he could do is offer some solutions . i 've made four mistakes . i will not make a fifth . i have 150 underpriveleged kids to teach , and i ca n't afford to waste my time on another volume of complaints while he points out the obvious
what a disastrously bad and unfunny novel . the self-involved main character is pathetic and whiny , the " plot " is see-through and cliched , and the writing style is far below what can be found on any mediocre blog . when people criticize chick lit , this is exactly the kind of book they 're talking about . it 's shallow to such a shocking degree than when it tries to take itself seriously , or stretches for a literary flourish , it 's absolutely cringe-worthy . i find it hard to believe the people who 've praised it here actually read the same book . this was given to me by an acquaintance shortly after my engagement . she said she did n't really like it but thought it would be " more my kind of thing . " obviously not a person who knows me well . thankfully , it does n't appear the author is terribly prolific , so readers do n't need to worry about trying to stumble through page after page of show-offy navel-gazing . i would n't say it 's one of the worst books i 've read , but it 's certainly one of the most useless
prof. gardner 's book is disappointing . he tries to be all things to all people saying both that he believes in basic competencies but wants to put inquiry first . also , his language is inflated , and lacking in philosopical specificity . for example , he believes in building up the inner world of " mental representations " [ unexplained term ] yet insists on " performances of understanding " [ another unexplained term ] . also , he has respect for the individual learner and individual differences , yet he is concerned about the " position " or " situation " or social class dynamics in which the learning takes place . thus , he fails to do justice either to the individual or to class , race , or gender . the role of leadership in learning is wholly ignored ; and responsibility is not explored . in short , it is extremely difficult to pin down prof. gardner . it would be kind to say he is eclectic . i hope it 's just not fuzzy thinking . however , we can discern that he has a romantic obsession with beauty , truth , and goodness . imagine -- the holocaust is reduced to being an illustration of what goodness is or is not ! his treatment of these ideas is superficial and banal . i do n't like to be so judgmental , but his writing about them does not deserve a detailed analysis . when attacking e.d . hirsch whom he calls the main speaker for " cultural literacy , " he sets up a straw man . he says that hirsch 's school of thought has an underlying belief in the lockeian " tabula rasa . " yet , i find nothing in hirsch 's writings to indicate that he believes in a tabula rasa . further , is prof. gardner really less elitist than hirsch as some have claimed ? i have found that the harvard elite spend their entire lives trying to achieve and learn everything , and be on top . their lives are marked by ambition to the nth degree ; yet , he debunks time-honored and experience-honored content areas that traditionally have defined literacy at its best . thus , i find a certain inherent dishonesty in gardner 's presentation . believe me , friends , i have taught students who have many ideals , greek ideals and other ideals , but know very little , nor do they aspire to learn . if they have those ideals , and if they are facile and glib , will they be the leaders of tomorrow who are embraced by prof. gardner ? i find a tendency on prof. gardner 's part to oversimplify certain issues like the holocaust , and to overcomplicate certain others like the nature of intelligence . the world is not waiting for the concept of intelligence to be re-written . am i oversimplifying when i think that there is something very awkward about saying that there is no fundamental difference in intelligence between einstein and the custodian of my school ? is this awkwardness because i am an elitist putting down the custodian ? is it because of lack of intelligence that i am still in the grip of a univocal definition of intelligence ? i do n't think so . rather , we all know we are dependent on each other , and that everybody has some unique aptitudes or gifts they can express and be respected for , but trying to elevate this understanding to a higher level of truth or intellectual significance seems to me to be illegitimate . lastly , his writing style is a bit too fond of adjectives , and the book reads as a whole like it takes a village by mrs. clinton . the disciplined mind has a mellifluous style that presents itself as being highly sophisticated and , at the same time , as down-to-earth , with balanced common sense . yet , ultimately , the book is boring . as one amazon reviewer states , prof. gardner is full of himself . in this book , there is no straightforward discussion or emphasis placed on knowledge , justice , judeo-christian values , persistence , responsibility , or character development...words which i find essential for a true philosophy of education .
becoming a master manager , the textbook currently used in my introduction to management class , does not effectively convey the important fundamentals of business management . the book is structured around eight 'roles ' of an effective manager , and each role is further broken down into a number of competencies that are functions of that particular role . while i appreciate the effort to organize a relatively broad subject , i do not feel that the book is necessarily easy to follow . the reading is constantly being interrupted by assessments and applications for each competency , and while meant well , they are usually skipped over in an attempted to finish the reading and they seem to me to be a large waste of paper . furthermore , becoming a master manager stresses models and theories of management that i find useless without the necessary fundamentals of management , which are not adequately presented in the textbook . some of the models and theories have merit and should be discussed more in depth , but in a more advanced level of business management . and while becoming a master manager is the official textbook for my management class , i have relied heavily on a different textbook for my information , and only the eve of a test do i bother to look over becoming a master manager , i do not recommend this textbook for an introductory class at all
i 'm not a fan of mysteries to begin with . however , my public library has a limited selection of audio books , so i take what i can get . i am a voracious reader , and i listen to audios to get more " reading " in , as you can listen and do other things . i much prefer the lillian jackson braun " cat " books , at least there is some humor , and i like the " mystery " part of these books better than deaver 's . sorry to all the deaver fan 's out there...i have enjoyed a few of his books , but i get tired of the " same ole-same ole "
i bought this book because it was listed with ellen miller 's like being killed , a brilliant and complex book about a woman 's love affair with heroin , her best friend susie , and her best friend 's duplicitous hiv positive boyfriend . the protagonist herself was brilliant and complex . so naturally , i expected the same thing out of swimming sweet arrow . man , was i disappointed . this was yet another trashy tale about a pathetic woman 's masochistic sex life , pathetic obsession with brutal men , and pathetic quest for attention . her entire life is a meta-existence : rather than desiring , she desires to be desired . rather than enjoying , she enjoys being enjoyed . the male characters and the female characters are written by someone who has never met a male or female who did n't exhibit the most common stereotypes ; in her world , all men are sensation-craving brutes , and all women are attention-craving doormats . the men want drugs , fun , and sex , and the women whine and cry and enjoy nothing--not the drugs , not the sex , just being a victim due to the attention it provides . this book made me really miserable to be perceived as part of this gender .
i have read all twelve of these books and hoping there will be more . the language is pretty graphic but they are so funny you can usually ignore those words . these books can cause you embaesment , since i read where ever i have to sit and wait and you burst out laughing people do stare and wonder if you are losing it . please we would all like to see more of these
on the plus side , this book is fairly easy to understand and contains sufficient pictures of the exercises . i was very excited at first , but unfortunately none of the exercises , massages , meditations , etc i tried seemed to help any of my health problems , even after a month . the book contains inspiring stories of people who have quickly recovered from serious illness or injury , yet leaves me crying in disappointment . i will probably keep trying a few of the exercises and methods for awhile , but i do n't hold any hope of them suddenly starting to work at this point
this is a nice enough board book , but be advised that it is not the full version of dr. seuss ' book ! they 've left out several ( charming ! ) pages of text and illustrations for the board book... what a disappointment to loyal fans , and how unfair to the newest generation of fans-to-be
for decades , many male professors have made the same excuses for sexual exploitation of their students--to the fury of feminists . to read a feminist using the same rationalizations is both nauseating and infuriating
this book was suggested reading as if &quot ; the great secret to personal freedom&quot ; was going to be revealed . it spoke of a self-centered mindset that seemed to suggest that i was to live my life how i wanted and not consider how my actions would affect others around me . a very simplistic and selfish point of view
i read a good short story by franzen in the new yorker a couple years ago , but this book is lame , lame , lame . the essays contain little to no humor or insight- they are just lengthy , boring opinions on various subjects . imagine if you can a duller , less-relavant andy rooney . if i wanted to read some loser 's uninspired musings , i would get on the internet and start reading weblogs . i hereby declare this book unreadable
sorry for the sarcastic title . i 've read most of this book . i 'm still reading the last chapter which is actually the most hopeful chapter . i 'll start with what i liked . harris lays out some good suggestions on handling the pyhsical aspects of a dating relationship ( or courtship if you get caught up in semantics ) however , harris offers nothing else except a rudimentary courtship model that involves physical boundaries and guarding against things moving too quickly . i think this is good wisdom , but the book completely lacks in many other apects of pursuing a relationship . he talks very little about communication skills . also you wo n't find much on personality traits or compatibility . when i began a relationship with my girlfriend i read this book . i do n't regret reading it , but it lacks in a lot of areas . part of this is due to the fact that i do n't know what credentials joshua harris has to make his claims . he is not a phd , or a relationship or family counselor . he had two substantial romantic relationships in his life . one with the girl who inspired him to write his first book , and the other with his current wife . when it comes to relationships , i would hardly call joshua harris and authority on the subject . he has no more experience or wisdom that the average person who would pick his book up off the shelf . i support the crux of what harris talks about . i respect the fact that him and his wife shannon waited to their wedding day for their first kiss . the book is chivalrous and romantic . it is a hopeful book . but it paints only a partial picture of how to persue a relationship . if you are into reading relationship books , just be sure this is n't your only resource .
this is my 3rd mcdermid novel , i previously read 'mermaids singing ' and 'wire in the blood . ' mcdermid writes good prose but in this 3rd novel i see dangerous repetitions in character types which , if repeated in the next tony hill/carol jordan book will make that one my last purchase . generally mcdermid paints female police officers as brighter , more diligent and more intuitive than their male counterparts , as well as more often homosexual . the men , with the exception of leading man tony hill , are mostly all egotistical , back-stabbing , power-hungry morons of the lowest order , while hill is rendered impotent -- a redundant bit of emasculation since all the other males are castrated of their moral fiber . the slow mating dance between hill and jordan gets a lot of buildup and little payoff . and in this book , the serial killer and the surrounding hunt for him are as limply portrayed as dr. hill . the emotional connection between hill and the killers in the two previous books is missing here , making the entire killer plot read like an afterthought . and the real villain -- not the serial killer but a drug-pushing / illegal-immigrant smuggler loses character focus as the reader is given reason to sympathize with him as well as with the killer . the climactic scenes involving the capture of one villain and the death of another are without any sense of thrill or danger . i was extremely disappointed with this book
was worthless...was not the correct match for my class book requirement . never used it...if someone wants it you can have it for free
while this book may give some basic ideas that are useful to keep in mind while you are trying to understand your relationships with others , in the end it is just another attempt to give people answers they want even though such answers do n't exist . i 'll admit that being a first or second born might have a general effect on your personality , but just how far can we take this kind of analysis ? the author of this book goes so far to offer that by knowing your own birth order and that of your same-sex parent , he can determine the birth order of your ideal match . my father was 3rd and i was 2nd , thus i should pair with a 4th born . anyone who thinks about that for five seconds should realize that it is totally bogus pseudo-science . there are too many factors involved to be able to make such predictions . not every nth born is the same , and no relationship between nth and mth borns can be analysed this way . as with astrology , the only thing this book can do is unnecessarily deter you from pursuing relationships with people just because they are the wrong " sign " . who 's to say i wo n't get along with a 2nd born ? rather than relying on voodoo like this , we are better off just paying attention to how we actually get along with other individuals
i was looking for a book with practical advice on how to handle real-life situations . i felt most of the book talked about how to parent , i.e . cosleeping , wearing baby , etc , but did not give advice on how to handle a specific situation . what do i do when my child runs away from me toward the street and then hits and bites me when i pick him up ? i do n't want to spank , but a 24-month old just does n't take to " a talk " or timeout like dr. sears says he should . the sears birth book was amazing , i recommend it to anyone , but this book did not help me answer my questions
i 'm usually a sucker for just about any kooky theories backed up by barely-there evidence . even trying very hard to be generous ( hey , i 'm a christian and i think it would be fabulous if the stuff in this book were true ) , i think i could poke a hole in every page . and that 's after perhaps 12 months of formal mandarin study and a similar amount of cantonese . do n't buy it . it 's embarrassing to christians that this sort of thing gets passed around as scholarship . if they 'd wrapped it up with a plot around it , it 'd make a great work of fiction
" of paradise and power " - by robert kagan  " americans are from mars and europeans are from venus " - apart from simply raising a few eyebrows , this line by robert kagan author of " of paradise and power " , has not only caught the attention of many but managed to stir up a wave of discussions among the politicians and elites concerned with cross-atlantic relations . kagan 's thought provoking book became extremely popular and received international acclaim for its analysis of the deteriorating us-europe relationship , not to mention its catchy and striking phrases systematically introduced throughout the slender yet captivating book . kagan introduces multiple chapters in his book , in order to deconstruct the key underlying issues which he claims are causes of the ever widening divide between us and europe . in the chapter " the power gap " , kagan starts from world war i to understand the aversiveness europe displays towards military and wars . he argues that while both the world wars weakened europe tremendously ; they helped the us emerge as a super power . he further elaborates on the might of the us in the chapter that follows - " psychologies of power and weakness " . kagan explains how lack of power can not only affect psychologies and ideologies , but change perspectives as well . he claims europe 's paucity of military power compels it to not only tolerate threats but ignore them all together and at the same time try and counterbalance the us force by constructing a world which is governed by economic and soft non-violent methods . this chapter culminates into " hyperpussiance " , a chapter in which kagan discusses intricate details of kosovo and bosnia , highlighting europe 's failure and america 's effectiveness in handling the situation . he finally presents his central argument in the chapters " the post modern paradise " and " the world america made " where kagan states , " europe 's evolution into its present state occurred under the mantle of the u.s. security guarantee and could not have occurred without it . " casting doubts on europe 's intentions , kagan centers his argument on the growing self-centered policies of europe and questions the validity of cohesive terms such as ` west ' in his chapter " is it still ` the west ' " ? finally , it seems kagan provides a solution to this insolvable problem of the us- europe divide in his concluding chapter , " adjusting to hegemony " , by simply stating one line - " the task for both europeans and americans is to readjust to the new reality of american hegemony " . this extremely small book , as compared to the issue it addresses needs further analysis and some close examining . there are many issues to be addressed in kagan 's brief analysis and one might not be completely satisfied with certain claims , reasonings or the manner in which such a grave and sensitive topic is handled . while there is a tone of underlying bias ( in contrast to the general opinion of a well-balanced view that the author holds ) , kagan manages to miss out some crucial facts and figures , not to mention present stark paradoxes , and the essay lacks sufficient citings . to start with , let me point out the contradictions in kagan 's arguments , the presence of which highly undermines his claims , leaving the reader in a dilemma unconvinced of either argument . kagan claims , " europe 's relative weakness has understandably produced a powerful european interest in building a world where military strength and hard power matter less than economic and soft power...rules of behavior " ( pg.37 ) . he goes on to say , - " since europeans lack the capacity to undertake unilateral military actions , either individually or collectively as ` europe, ' it is natural that they should oppose allowing others to do that they can not do themselves . " ( pg.38 ) in contrast to " ...europe today has the wealth and technological capability to make itself more of a world power in military terms if europe wanted to become that kind of world power " ( pg.53-54 ) . kagan contradicts his own views , stating many times that europe is militarily weak , nor does it have the capacity to build up its forces yet at the same time , puts forth an argument of europe 's capabilities of increasing its defense spending and military might to match the us . in the chapter , psychologies of power and weakness , kagan 's one claim contradicts another which is made in the next chapter as the reasoning for both his claims seem to be absolutely tangential . he first explains europe 's greater tolerance for threats is due to its weakness and the fearful past , which it has suffered from . he then metaphorically explains it by giving the example of a man with a knife and the same one with a rifle having different interpretations of the word ` threat ' when confronting a bear ( pg.31 ) . but again kagan himself feels europe can become a military power as and when it wishes to , when he says " they could easily spend twice as much as they are currently spending on defense if they believed it necessary to do so " ( pg.54 ) . so this forces me to ask a question , would one be mauled by a bear if one could produce a rifle to prevent this misfortune ? so is n't it quite possible that europeans feel safe , not because they " ...enjoy the ` free ride ' they have gotten under the american security umbrella over the past six decades " ( pg.54 ) , but rather because there was and is no real threat at all ? with the use of phrases such as " the axis of evil " and " rouge states " ( pg.30 ) , which kagan uses to describe iraq and iran , not to mention his references to ` weapons of mass destruction ' ( which he uses as a pretext to the war in iraq ) , which still seem to be elusive for some reason , he seems to perplex me by blatantly ignoring his own creation . while kagan maintains that iraq was a threat and the us perceived it as one while europe did not , he might want to explain as to why , in 1997 , he ( kagan was the director of the project for the new american century ) signed a document which justifies american occupation of the middle-east , irrespective of threats from iraq or iran . " the united states has for decades sought to play a more permanent role in gulf regional security . while the unresolved conflict with iraq provides the immediate justification , the need for a substantial american force presence in the gulf transcends the issue of the regime of saddam hussein.. . from an american perspective , the value of such bases would endure even should saddam pass from the scene . over the long term , iran may well prove as large a threat to u.s. interests in the gulf as iraq has . and even should u.s.-iranian relations improve ; retaining forward-based forces in the region would still be an essential element in u.s. security strategy given the longstanding american interests in the region . " ( pg.17 - rebuilding america 's defenses - * 1 ) this forces me to conclude that either the author has resorted to ` cherry picking ' of evidence or he suffers from selective amnesia . some of his reasoning , analysis and analogies seem to be too nave . when explaining military action , one can not justify it by saying , " when you have a hammer , all problems start to look like nails " . the author speaks about the nation 's ( us 's ) willingness to go to war simply because it has the ability and the capacity to do so . without discussing a need or providing concrete reasons for the use of aggression , the author seems to be content in justifying use of force , simply because one has it . one important aspect kagan leaves out in his analysis are the political and economical aspects of the ongoing us-europe feud . while i have discussed some economical aspects later in the review , one must note that kagan does not mention the kyoto protocol ( apart from clinton 's negotiation of it ( pg.45 ) ) . the us withdrawal from the protocol had created serious problems and divisions between the two giants ( www.climnet.org - * 2 ) . while there were many other issues that further fanned the growing fire , disagreements over the anti-ballistic missile treaty for example , which kagan conveniently sweeps under the carpet , needed to be addressed if one is discussing transatlantic relations ( www.bbcnews.com - * 3 , 4 )  for a book which covers issues from the pre world war ii decade ( occasionally going back to ancient philosophy ) to the present issues , 72 citations , from which many are simply extended explanations ( for examples , see supra notes- 19 , 20 , 22 ) , seem to be alarmingly low , especially with the absence of some important ones and not to mention , certain citations which wrongly allude to historical facts . kagan mentions , " as ` some ' europeans put it , the real division of labor consisted of the united states making the dinner and the europeans doing the dishes " ( pg.23 ) , yet he does not refer to any source for this cynical statement . he says , " the vast majority of europeans always believed that the threat ( if any ) posed by saddam was more tolerable than the risk of removing him " along with other alleging statements like , " the rehabilitation and reintegration of saddam hussein 's iraq is precisely what they ( europe ) sought " ( pg.44 ) , and again gives no source for the origin of these beliefs . strangely , he supports one of his claims by stating in his supra note.20 , pg.30 , " for that matter , this is also the view commonly found in american textbooks " . one might not generally expect to see such puerile purporting evidence in a scholarly analysis of transatlantic relations . kagan at times jumps back to athenian times and has injected strong philosophies in his essay . he mentions a number of times how americans see the world from a hobbesian perspective while europeans are followers of kantinian policies . kagan seems to have overlooked the fact , that though hobbes had described the state of nature as that of " all against all " , the only reason hobbes justifies a sovereignty is to ensure peace on earth . kagan conveniently cites hobbes ( hobbes theory itself was flawed as later philosophers termed it as ` hobbes dilemma ' ) to justify american aggression , but no where in hobbes ' theory is aggression justified by the sovereign ( leviathan - ch.17 ) . there are some conclusions kagan draws which seem to be beliefs of an american idealist living in a world where politics is as pure as religion . he concludes that while the us was providing " free security " to europe after the cold war , " ...america 's great power and willingness to assume responsibility for protecting other nations... " ( pg.34 ) has given europe the opportunity to build up economically . kagan further asserts his point when he says , " given america 's willingness to spend so much money protecting them , europeans would rather spend their own money on social welfare programs , long vacations and shorter workweeks " ( pg.54 ) . these are inaccurate presentations of facts , which are more of subjective , bias ideologies . i would like to put forth two points in order to accentuate the conspicuous fallacy of these two statements . first , america 's interest in europe was not to provide it with security whether before or after the cold war . one must not confuse the fact that measures taken to restrict the soviet advance was purely for selfish motives , rather than for the benefit of nations which were under the watchful eye of the communist empire ( kagan himself acknowledges the fact when he says , " with the check of the soviet power removed , the united states was free to intervene practically whenever and wherever it chose... " ( pg26 ) ) . second , when kagan acknowledges that europe which has a " $ 9 trillion " economy is in a comfortable position to support its welfare programs along with increased military spending ; attributing the fact that europe spends more on welfare , as he calls them " free-riders " , results in a faulty analysis . when i had mentioned earlier that kagan chose to omit and ignore certain facts , the example of the balkans , which the author has cited many times in his book would seem most relevant . kosovo is one of the primary issues he discusses to bring forth us benevolence and european incapacity . " american involvement in kosovo or bosnia was not based on calculations of a narrow american ` national interest'...while americans had a compelling moral interest in stopping genocide and ethnic cleansing,... the us had no ` national interest ' at stake in the balkans " ( pg.50 ) , this is how kagan sees it . indeed stopping genocide was a concern , but was it the only concern ? while milosevic had very much agreed to station nato troops in kosovo to stop the conflicts , none seem to have been interested in his offer ; they rather wanted complete access and control to all of yugoslavia . the rambouillet accord , to which the contact group added an appendix b on the last day of the conference held at paris , one must note was the primary reason for rejecting nato troops , as it demanded yugoslavia to surrender its autonomy and sovereignty . yet , he does not mention of milosevic agreeing to station nato troops in kosovo ( http : //wsws.org * 5 ) . some thing missing from kagan 's entire book are the words " latin america " and " africa " . as seen above , kagan believes america was spending its money protecting europe and europe alone from all the threats around the world , before and after the cold war . but what baffles me to quite an extent is that not once does kagan mention about any american intervention in latin america ( official or not ) , africa or the far east for that matter . those who are well aware of the world around them , will be aware of america 's support for dictators and other corrupt regimes throughout latin america and the far east , indonesia for example , which were for self serving purposes alone or is it that the author is implying that the latin american and african countries were a threat to europe , hence the interventions and no mention of them ? ( a complete timeline by steven kangas can be found on multiple sites * 6 , 7 , 8 )  there is one severe ` defect ' , as i put it , which undermines the entire argument of this book . kagan 's tunneled vision approach , which refers to the word ` power ' only in terms of military strength and capabilities , ultimately results in a false dichotomy , which is the stumbling stone for his thesis . kagan believes the world and in particular , europe , is left with two options , that either they follow the us or be a tacit audience . the reason he reaches this conclusion as i previously put it , is due to his convergent view . " rather than viewing the us as a gulliver tied down by lilliputian threads " , says kagan , " american leaders should realize that they are hardly constrained at all , that europe is not really capable of constraining the us " . he reinforces this claim throughout his book ( see pg- 33 , 37-40 , 59 , 62 , etc ) . the author 's abysmal ignorance about hard-hitting , highly valid and relevant facts has rendered severe blows to the validity of his claims . kagan has committed serious errors here , by ignoring europe 's strength , not military but political and economical indeed . with a population of 456,953,258 ( the cia fact book * 9 ) and still growing , the eu , leave aside europe , can not be simply overlooked or brushed aside as a dead competitor or a bygone culture . europe is economically strong enough to trouble the us as and when it wants to , the recent problems over the genetically altered meat , banana dispute , steel industry debacle , airbus-boeing clash and many more , have all proved that europe 's economic strength is much of a concern for the us . while i must point out a rank deletion , i believe this is ` the ' single factor which is capable for arguing against all of kagan 's thesis and arguments , and that is the american economy . not once has he mentioned the deteriorating state of american economy ( 2001 ) , even though problems did exist when he wrote this book . he seems to be blissfully ignorant and persists that america can sustain its exorbitant defense spending , " ...the us can sustain its current military spending levels and its current global dominance far into the future " . strangely , the growing inflation rate , rising unemployment , stagflation , trends the economy was showing of heading towards a recession , were i believe dismissed as myths by the author ( for statistics see - www.bbcnews.com ; http : //wsws.org * 10 , 11 ) . also , kagan 's final solution suggest that , " the obvious answer is that europe should.... and build up its military , even if only marginally " , leaves me with a conundrum . is kagan implicating that europe has no military at all or is it that he wants to begin a new arms race , this time cold war ii ? kagan must understand he is writing this book for international publics and not simply those , whose ideologies are in tandem with his . hence , i doubt most would disagree that the world should get into an arms race here , as we all know , there is no stopping to this evil if it once starts . while i have already discussed the effects of trade and economics ( which kagan ignores ) on the us-europe relation , there is something i must point out before i end this review . kagan , rather conveniently digresses of the topic , which is transatlantic relationships , to justifying us hegemony in a neo-conservative fashion . while most americans themselves would probably not agree with kagan 's ideology ( as the public opinion and faith plummets - see polls from various news sources * 12 ) , leave aside europeans or rest of the world , kagan writes almost 15 pages to justify it . this was a rather disappointing conclusion to his book , where he thinks the only solution to the ever widening divide is " adjusting to hegemony " . when kagan says how many ( statistics seem to abandon him ) americans believe that by advancing their interest , they advance the interest of humanity , he sounds exuberantly jingoistic and to drive the point home , he quotes benjamin franklin as saying - " america 's cause is the cause of all mankind " and again i must bring to the author 's notice , the recipient of these remarks is an international audience , which is diverse , has its own culture and heritage , religious beliefs and ideologies and has no reason to believe why their culture or beliefs are inferior to any other . an author of his stature must realize that it is transatlantic relationships and not a primary grade bully that is being discussed . while he seems to take pride in saying that america has a " go it alone " attitude ( pg.39 , 99 ) , it does not abide by the un security council ( pg.40 , 99 ) , takes action unilaterally irrespective of international laws ( pg.45 , 61 , 99 ) , is justified in adopting ` double standards ' ( pg.62 , 99 ) , he fails to fathom the gravity of the current day ( or rather the day when he wrote this book ) situation and the growing unpopularity of american foreign policy around the world . while he sees europe as an obstacle in the path of america 's imperialistic goals , a neutral observer would be more than justified in pointing out that may be it is the us that hinders progress and efforts of the eu to establish a world which respects international laws , human rights , collective public opinion and most of all - peace . he fails to give an impartial , if not a complete solution to rid the world of this wedge as he weakly concludes his essay by saying , " ...a little common understanding can still go a long way " . while many have nothing but words of praise , as a one line summary by francis fukuyama calls it - " brilliant " ( a co-architect and signatory of the rebuilding america 's defense project ) and according to dr. henry kissinger , [ against whom innumerable charges of human right violations have been levied , who ironically , kagan terms as a " quintessential realist " . see - http : //en.wikipedia.org ( for cases ) * 13 ; http : //www.thenation.com ( for list of crimes ) * 14 ] the book is a " seminal treatise " which would " shape the ( us-europe relation ) discussion for years to come " ; i do not particularly endorse it it . as i have already put forth immense supportive data to show why the book lacks a concrete argument , sane reasoning or supportive evidence , though its lucid prose , easy comprehension and its articulate linking makes it a good read , it barely digs deep into the problem or the solution , apart from scratching the surface , ` the military surface' . indeed the book did create waves in the political arena , which was probably due to its impeccable timing , but i cast serious doubts on the claims that it would be " discussed for years to come " . * 1 - http : //www.newamericancentury.org/rebuildingamericasdefenses.pdf * 2 - http : //www.climnet.org/news/march2001.html * 3 - http : //news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/europe/1383385.stm * 4 - http : //212.58.226.30/1/hi/business/2052405.stm * 5 - http : //www.wsws.org/articles/1999/apr1999/yugo-a14.shtml * 6 - http : //www.atrocities.net/ * 7 - home.att.net/ ~ resurgence/ciatimeline.html * 8 - www.serendipity.li/cia/cia_time.htm * 9 - http : //www.cia.gov/cia/publications/factbook/geos/ee.html * 10 - http : //www.wsws.org/articles/2000/dec2000/us-d30.shtml * 11 - http : //news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/business/1263211.stm * 12 - http : //www.michaelmoore.com/words/index.php * 13 - http : //en.wikipedia.org/wiki/henry_kissinger * 14 - http : //www.thenation.com/blogs/capitalgames ? bid = 3&pid = 17
i suppose every author in this genre comes to the table with an agenda . that being said , in this book , mr. dilorenzo seems to play fast and loose with the facts ( or at least with his conclusions ) . the flyleaf of this book promises " extensive research and meticulous documentation " but at least one other reviewer has already pointed out some problems with this author 's historical research . that should raise a red flag to anyone reading this book . consider this : the author claims lincoln was more interested in building an american " empire " by centralizing federal power than ending slavery . this implies lincoln was premeditated in what he would do as president . i challenge anyone who believes that to read lincoln 's actual words and , more importantly , examine his actions . this we know : abraham lincoln was a complicated man and , as a thoughtful person , his views on slavery changed during his many years in public life . he came to believe that slavery would not die out on its own . i do recommend purchasing and reading this book since it is so different from the mythical view we have of lincoln today . however , when it comes to some of the " facts " and conclusions expounded in this book be very careful what you believe
yuk ! ! ! worst book i 've ever read - i read alot and with alot of variety . this book stinks ( too farfetched , retched , disgusting and plain weird ) .
the book is brilliant , no question about it . his stories are great , his humor dry and culturally insightful . the problem is that , like all audio books , the voice of the narrator can make or break the experience . and in this case , unfortunately , the voice of the author fails the material . sorry , bill , but your voice is just too droning and monotonous for an audio book . it 's hard to get past the first few discs as his voice tends to lull you to sleep . i would n't recommend this audio book for listening while driving or in traffic ( as i did , and almost got into an accident ) . if you want this book , get the paperback
dr. gray must be a wonderful lover . as a woman i read his hints and suggestions for a man 's love making technique and marvel at his insight . i truly could not have imagined a man so aware of what a woman really wants in the bedroom . however there are no corresponding ideas for a woman geared to improviing her skills as a lover . by maintaining a position of gallant " ladies first " mentality he , in truth , is demeaning the power of women 's sexuality . there is much to be gained by men reading this book . attitudes can improve , skill levels can rise and even the articulation of loving feelings can be created and/or grow with the help of this book 's suggestions . women are unfortunately reduced to being receipients of , not participants in , in bedroom activity
my 60s something father gave me this book . i am a 45-year-old middle-class man with a 6-year-old son using my wife 's account . i do n't understand for whom this book is written . it is full of painfully obvious advice such as " do n't play with your food " or " do not throw golf clubs... in anger . " anyone raised in america ( presuming that is the author 's intended audience ) who does n't already understand these things and take them to heart is n't going to be interested in reading about them in a book , if they can even read . chapter 15 deals with staring and differences where the author admonishes : " do not repeat racist , sexist or ethnic jokes or tolerate them in your presence . " if you were not a racist you would obviously already understand and agree with this . if you are , this book is n't going to change your attitude and you would probably want to burn it . i found this book useless for any reasonably sophisticated person unless you happen to be from a third world country or another planet . if the book was intended to teach good manners to the unsophisticated , dream on ! i think the author has a professor henry higgins jones . i am also concerned about my father 's opinion of me , i mean " do not expect a child to endure a lengthy shopping trip unless it is to a toy or candy store . " duh
the publishers should be sued . maybe we should get a class-action together . imagine taking an instruction manual for the very first apple computer and putting a new title on it " how to use your new home computer " and selling it in bookstores today . this book is doing exactly that ! also , it is highly doubtful that the tactic ever worked in the first place . the author 's website vanished years ago . in a thinly traded nyse stock if you try to repeatedly front the specialist with 2000 share orders he will simply move the price 50 cents against you immediately following your next purchase . game over . [ .. .
i concur with another reviewer : get luigi gambero 's " mary and the fathers of the church , " and , i might add , his follow-up work , " mary in the middle ages . " read these two books alongside " truly our sister . . . , " then decide whether 15 or 16 centuries of organic , historically contiguous development of the church 's marian doctrine by some of the finest minds and hearts the church has ever produced--including bridget of sweden , or johnson 's glib , 21st century , feminist revisionism provides the better spiritual nourishment . the blessed virgin mary stirs us to properly love her divine son , bringing us into the intimate recesses of the trinitarian love itself ! anything shy of that simply misses the point and leaves one painfully short-changed .
i had high hopes when i picked up this book because styron is a terrific writer and i was interested in the subject . by the time i was done i nearly threw it across the room . admittedly , depression makes for a tough topic , but that 's not good enough . there 's more to depression than staring at an empty page , unable to muster the courage to write one single word . the dark places of the soul also have their fires , their drama , even if they are played out in secret . i will grant that the writing is spare and elegant , as you would expect . but i would have traded all the insider literati name-dropping for one paragraph that gave me a visceral sense of how he felt , something that put me there with him . i have read instruction manuals for appliances with more passion and conviction . styron is candid about his descent into alcoholism , but the self-destruction inherent in alcoholism does not imply the elimination of ego , frequently it heralds the triumph of ego . in darkness visible , styron maintains egomaniacal control of his subject through aloof detachment , showcasing a carefully polished veneer , never inviting the reader in .
as someone very interested in urban exploration ( especially in the subways ) i wanted to check this book out upon hearing of it . after reading many of these amazon reviews though , i opted out of a purchase , and took it out of my bronx library instead . thank goodness as i only wasted valuable time , and not any money . this book is a sham . it is obviously mostly fiction . and it 's boring fiction at that . the book is divided into chapters , each chapter a new " adventure . "  i read the subway one first , where the " explorers " take the 6 train around the loop at the end of the line , to see the city hall station , which opened in 1904 ( nyc 's first station ) and closed in 1948 . the station is located on the loop of the 6 train , that makes the southbound trains go back up north after the last stop , brooklyn bridge . first of all , anyone can go on this " adventure . " just stay on the train at the last stop , brooklyn bridge , and that 's it . despite the author 's attempt to make this sound risky , no conductors walk through the train to see if anyone is on ( like they really care ) , just sit down . the author created some " european tourists " that inadvertantly stayed on the 6 after the last stop , and the author even tries to create some mystery by saying " are we on the wrong train ? " well , unless all those huge " 6 " signs that are lit all over the train are difficult to read , then you probably got on the correct train . the author also fails to mention that the mta used to give public tours all the time through this station ( and others like the 18th street on the 6 and more ) but stopped after 9-11 . this chapter was a joke . i started reading the other chapters , and saw they were no better . i then started to breeze through the book . one thing that is very obvious - no photographs of the adventures are in the book at all . this , despite the fact that on page 67 the author states , " josh takes out his camera and snaps away at every pipe and puddle... " but no photos of their " adventures " are in the book . why ? because it 's fiction . there are photos of what they are supposed to be exploring , sure , that 's easy . there 's even one pic of one of these clowns hopping some fence somewhere , ooo . buit no pics of the actual " adventures . " i guess " josh " lost all those pictures when he went to cvs to have them developed . the funny thing is , you can save yourself a lot of time by just going online and viewing pictures of these things for yourself . especially the city hall station , there are tons of pictures of it available from the people that were in there during the tours . just stay away from this sham of a book , it 's really a huge waste of time
sue grafton has written many good books but this one is weak , weak , weak . try 'a is for alibi ' or 'j is for judgement' . they show off grafton 's writing talents much better
not that i do n't like shakespeare 's works , but his tragedies are terrible , especially this one . i ca n't understand the language real well , so i have to grab one with the contemporary language so that it 'll be easier to understand . i just ca n't understand this love tragedy at all ! here are some things that confuse me :  * how did this feud really begin ? * why ca n't this story end in happily ever after ? * why does lady capulet have to be so stuck up on everybody ? * why could n't shakespeare have written in a language we could all understand ? * why does everybody have to jump to conclusions ? i simply ca n't understand why people love this play so much . it 's ridiculous ! if you want a true love story , try reading " a midsummer night 's dream " . this one absolutely sucks ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
i wanted to cry when i put this book down because i miss the danielle steele that wrote 'thurston house ' , 'family circle ' and others . for years now i have felt that she is simply putting out books because she is contractually obligated to by her publishers . i really feel like her heart just is n't in it anymore . she has become very idiosyncratic and predictable . every book has her main character 'being honest . ' i keep reading because i am a loyal danielle steele fan and i write this in hopes she 'll read it and either decide she is writing because she loves it ( like she once did ) or decide to retire and let us love her through her earlier works . this book was just awful .
i received this book as a gift . i was skeptical upon reading the praise for the book on the back cover from such political wonks as bob novak and sean hannity . have n't any well respected catholic theologians or scholars approved of this book ? no . and with good reason . it 's not a history book , it 's a poorly researched piece of garbage designed to bilk " the faithful " out of their hard-earned dollars . i did read several chapters of the book to be fair . when crocker describes the papal forces during the albigensian crusade as " soldiers of god , overcoming all the odds to destroy the wicked oppression challenging the authority of the church . " i wanted to puke . and how about the inquisition , where church authorities sanctioned physical torture against " heretics ? " well , crocker concedes that torturing someone might stray a little bit from christ 's original message of tolerance... but hey , they threatened the authority of the righteous catholic church , so they got what they deserved . uh , yeah , amen brother . these considerations aside , the book is n't even well researched , which immediately destroys its credibility with me . for example from the albigensian crusade , crocker states that the armies of the heretics numbered over 100,000 , yet with only a few thousand men , the pope was able to defeat them , as they were filled with the " glory of god " or something like that . curiously , in his footnotes he cites nothing to back this claim up . maybe because it is n't true . and any cites to books that have been critical of church policy , like , say , endorsing mussolini , are derided as " unresearched , " " politically motivated " and " shameful "  ironically , that 's exactly what " triumph " is to me
yet another offering from the kinkade art product assembly line . pass on this -- read real books and buy real art instead
this is a well written but ultimately sophomoric disquisition on the concept that if you do n't have faith in the supernatural , you have no reason for hope . according to this book , the rational world is such an unpleasant place that , if you are not religious as schaeffer defines religious , " [ t ] he only way of escape lies in a nonrational fantasy world of experience , drugs , absurdity , pornography , an elusive " final experience , " madness.. . . "  piffle ! throughout history , a great many people found life to be good without resorting to either madness or schaeffer 's brand of religion . and indeed , religion and rationality need not be foes , as frequently demonstrated by scientists and science writers , such as isaac asimov and stephen jay gould . reduces our choices to " religion or madness " is just silly . schaeffer in this book champions not religion or spirituality , but authoritarianism with a clerical face . his fans wo n't like that characterization , but my job as a reviewer is to tell you what 's in the book ; if you seek comfort in authoritarian religion , this book 's skillful wordcraft makes it is a good place to start
as a certified information systems security professional , i can definitively state that this book does not cover everything that needs to be covered or in any depth whatsoever . i got this book based on the glowing reviews i found here , and i 'm at a loss as to why these reviews would have recommended it . the most aggrevating part about this book is the subtitle " an integrated approach to security in the organization . " the book not only lacks effective security integration techniques , it does n't seem to address the entire organization where it tries its half-hearted integration .
like many others in my book group , i had been looking forward to finally reading something by pamuk . and like most of my book group , i was fairly disappointed by this short early novel from him . originally published in turkey in 1985 , the story is prefaced by an introduction in which one faruk darvinoglu purports to have discovered the manuscript in a dusty archive . he then goes on to explain that parts of the story can be historically corroborated , but much of it ca n't . this should immediately alert the reader not to take everything in the book as it comes . even more so if the reader knows that darvinoglu is the protagonist of pamuk 's earlier book the house of silence . such intertextual tricks immediately bring to mind the works of calvino , borges , and their ilk . the basic plot is very straightforward : in the mid 17th-century , a young venetian gentleman is captured by turkish raiders and sold into slavery to an aspiring turkish scholar who happens to look just like him . the two men then spend the next few decades cloistered together , engaged in various psuedo-intellectual investigations of astronomy , biology , engineering , and so on . these bring them to the attention of the sultan ( based on mehmet iv ) , whose patronage waxes and wanes , culminating in a lengthy attempt to construct a powerful war machine . along the way , their claustrophobic relationship swings back and forth , and is interrupted by an outbreak of the plague , whose outcome they are tasked with predicting . the book concludes with a brief section which will challenge the reader 's assumptions and calls into question everything that comes before it . namely , are there two characters or are they just manifestations of two aspects of a single person ? this all unfolds at a glacial pace , and the two " characters " are mere ciphers . their clashing of wills and ideas take up page after page , but the reader is always told about the conflict rather than shown it , and this makes for disengaging reading . pamuk seems much less interested in storytelling or characters than in grand themes such as the nature of identity , the collision of cultures , and the very nature of reality . but none of these are addressed in a way that is particularly fresh or interesting . the tension between east and west is handled in a fairly superficial manner , as the turkish master is obsessed with western advances in science and technology , while the sultan has a credulous appetite for tall tales and soothsayers . this all comes across as a rather ambivalent satire of the fluidity of turkish national character . in the end , this is not a particularly good introduction to major modern writer whom many have compared to eco , calvino , borges , kafka , and kundera . however , readers who enjoy highly ambiguous works about self-identity with unreliable narrators may find this a satisfying read
sorry , but i found this book a total waste of time . i never did like the main character - i found her boring ! i laughed out loud when i read another reviewer say that " this person escaped her life to be a secretary ? " - good point ! it was just so unbelievable a woman would leave her children without any thought really - and to continue this " new " life without really taking time to search her soul . instead she befriends even more boring people than herself.as far as the ending of the book goes - i could n't have cared less what happened to her anyway ! after reading it ( book on tape ) i felt i had totally wasted my time . what a disappointment
the author comes off as a whining , unhappy camper about having to grow up in what he considers a 'stifling ' church environment ; further apalled by the church founder 's belief , in that it ( the worlwide church of god ) was god 's true church through the ages , right on up to the present 'end time' . feazell spends a good amount of time giving his negative opinions on herbert w. armstrong,the church 's actual teachings , and a general trashing and somewhat of a misreprentation of the general denomination as a whole , labeling it a 'cult'...and further damning its pastor general as a " heretic " , despite the church 's humanitarian works , publishing , colleges and international outreach for world peace over the past seven decades under the leadership of h.w . armstrong . since armstrong 's death in 1986 , feazell and his cohort joseph tkach jr. seem to be having a field day jumping up and down on his remains , and writing books on how great it feels to be loosed from having to keep the apostolic holy days , sabbaths , ten commandments ( which , in his estimation are now the 'ten suggestions ' ) and general lifestyle of this 7th day church of god denomination . mr. feazell apparently does not speak for all the church membership , as over 100,000 members left and formed various smaller independent church of god conferences throughout the united states...and continuing the legacy and apostolic , traditional christian system of worship restored by herbert w. armstrong in 1927 . recommended reading : " autobiography of herbert w. armstrong " ; " mystery of the ages " ; " the incredible human potential "
this is yet another book where anyone who passed a high school bio class will know is crap . [ ... ] he seems to have found a devoted crew of morons who believe that he really can cure all . if you ever go to one of their conventions , you 'll know that its amway for stupid soccer moms with allergic kids .
john katzenbach is an accomplished author and i had previously read and enjoyed another of his novels ( the analyst ) , so i was surprised at how bad the shadow man was . the premise of the plot is that four very old jewish people , survivors of the holecaust , believe they have seen the " shadow man " . the shadow man was a jew who joined forces with the nazis to find jews that were hiding to avoid certain doom in concentration camps . these four old people feared the shadow man more than anything . when one of them is killed , a retired police detective named simon winter looks into who the shadow man is . meanwhile , the miami police are also investigating the death of the elderly jewish woman and have young gangster as a suspect . eventually , winter and the police and the district attourney join to hunt the shadow man , a man of pure evil . as the book villian , it was hard to fear a villian who was a killer 50 years ago but was now in his 70s . also , this book barely touches on wwii , yet purports at times to be a novel about wwii . i 've read a lot of great wwii novels , and this book would have been great if it had been set in the 60s . but setting it present day with senior citizens and the main characters was n't too exciting . it was n't exciting primarily because i wondered where had the shadow man been all these years ? why was he starting to kill now ? the shadow man had no motivation to kill . finally , i realized i did n't like this book when i was skipping paragraphs at a time during the last 20 pages . the entire book was like this with each character prone to long rambling inner thoughts that really added nothing to the story . if you take away the wwii angle , this novel is bad . the wwii angle adds some excitement , but there are probably thousands of books out there that relate the horror of wwii better than this one does . the review from publishers weekly printed above summarizes my thoughts and deserves to be repeated... " katzenbach ( just cause ) has some good holocaust and wwii vignettes and pretty good cop-talk here , but the book is burdened by flat characterization , a slow pace , an odd , unsatisfying ending and a serious need for editing .
this book was written in 2000 from events occuring in 1998 ! ! ! totally out of date ! useless ! ! wondering why it is still for sale . the author , contacted by email responded but did not address the questions asked , simply giving excuses and mentioning that he wrote another book much better than this one... outrageaous ! spread the word and if you own the book , get your money back
i have been a huge fan of the anna pigeon mysteries . the hard truth about hard truth is skip it . it is a very unpleasant experience . the graphic representation of child abuse and cruelty in this book still makes me ill .  what i 've loved about the anna pigeon series is that i felt like i got a good sense of the national park where the story took place with an appreciation for the natural beauty of the area . i doubt anna spent more than a night in rocky mountain national park . not only does she completely miss the unique character of the park but the park has no necessary link to the story . the whole thing could have taken place in urban chicago . i have been picking up nevada barr books as fast as i could find them . this book , however , was truely repulsive . i 'll be much more cautious about investing a part of my life in her next book
jeremy narby 's the cosmic serpent : dna and the origins of knowledge , started out decently enough with narby reminiscing about his days doing field work in the amazon basin and from there he goes over some interesting ideas regarding dna and serpent myths but then all goes down hill as he suddenly becomes a follower of intelligent design and makes an all out attack on darwinian evolution and science itself . a number of narby 's ideas regarding dna and shamanism are intriguing enough but he has apparently decided that all shamanism is based on molecular biology , while he freely admits that he is being very reductionist on this point , i still see many problems with his view that shamanism is based on molecular biology at heart . his argument mostly surrounds the symbol of the serpent/dragon which is present in many different mythologies often with connections to water and associations with twins . he decides that this is in actually a representation of dna as viewed by shamans and believes that all serpents in mythology and shamanic visions are actually dna . since dna emits photons and this has been shown to possibly play a part in cell communication ( along with the traditional chemical communication ) narby believes that in shamanic trances the shaman becomes able to see the light emitted by dna ( which often show up as snakes ) and the shaman communicates with the individual bits of dna ( which is conscious ) and the entire linked network of dna based life . as justification for this argument he points out that some groups hold that spirits are beings of pure light , to him this is almost literally correct as the spirits are actually dna and communicate through light as " spirits " . from there he goes on to say that all ladders , staircases , and ropes in shamanic quests are representations of dna and when the shaman uses them he is travelling along dna and similarly when the shaman goes to the underworld he is sinking down to the world of molecular biology ( although since one can apparently work with and see dna in the middle world one must ask why one would need to shrink down ) . while these views might make for some interesting theological discussion about some shamanic practices , narby seems to have ignored the psychological aspects of visions and quests and any elements other than snakes or other things that just happen to be long and thin . given narby 's view of spirits as dna one must ask what spiritual helpers/allies are ? is someone 's spiritual guides dna in some bacteria on my hand ? will i kill yahweh by washing my hands with anti-bacterial soap ( hey maybe that 's why jesus decided that washing one 's hands was bad ! ) ? a lot of his proof is like the proof of erich von d    niken except that where d    niken saw aliens and spacecraft , narby sees dna and molecules . take for example this d    niken-esque proof from the book :  " the second was a rock painting of the rainbow snake . i looked at it more closely and saw two things : all around the serpent there were sorts of chromosomes , in their upside-down " u " shape , and underneath it there was a kind of ladder ! " ( p. 79 )  by chapter 10 , entitled biology 's blind spot , narby has decided that evolution is wrong and all of science must be toppled . this bit seems to have come out of nowhere like someone spliced a pro-intelligent design rant into a book where it did n't belong and as with all pro-id and creationist literature we get the same old faulty attacks again and again . attacks such as evolution being based on a circular argument because the most fit species survive to spread their genes and therefore are more fit . yes , that is the definition of fitness , and sometimes the basis of things start as tautologies such as the theory of gravity but like gravity natural selection and evolution is justified and testable by looking at it 's predictive power . population genetics and mathematics shows clearly that natural selection is very predictive and has so far not been falsified . similarly , we can also look at the fossil record in geological strata for evidence of evolutionary change over time . after that attack narby then attacks the central dogma ( which is how transcription of dna to proteins works ) by misinterpreting what francis crick meant . crick never meant the word dogma in central dogma to be taken in the sense it is used in religion instead he meant it as a joke name for a grand hypothesis that he had at the time little actual experimental evidence for . narby misinterprets crick 's joke to argue that evolution is apparently faith based , since this argument has no basis in reality it falls flat immediately . he then argues that ants and other animals are fully conscious because they do amazing things that seem to require forethought and they tap into dna like shamans to do things . higher animals are smart and may have consciousness but ants are pretty dumb . one is reminded of edward selous and others ' ideas about thought-transference to explain how flocks of birds move and how ants and termites build hives , as it turns out birds flocking behaviour operates on simple instinctual rules ( clustering , maintaining speed , and appropriate distance ) and so are ant nesting behaviours . one proof of this is to put food just out of the reach of ants , and some dirt underneath , while they understand how to move earth and tunnel they will never purposely move earth to build ramps , bridges , or tunnels to reach a goal . the birds who flew in flocks and the ancestors of ants who had developed nesting behaviour managed to survive better and so these behaviours somehow became instincts and persisted . now narby makes the extremely tired argument that life is too complicated to be determined by chance alone , and he is correct on this matter . too bad there is more than chance guiding evolution , we also have natural selection guiding the process , to quote richard dawkins : " life results from the non-random survival of randomly varying replicators . " the combinations which work survive and prosper and are kept in the population . narby argues " how can a small telephone directory of information emerge from random processes ? " ( p. 142 ) to answer this i wish to quote a bit of michael shermer 's 25 creationists ' arguments and 25 evolutionists ' answers which nicely illustrates how natural selection can produce shakespeare 's hamlet quickly from random letters :  " natural selection is not " random " nor does it operate by " chance . " natural selection preserves the gains and eradicates the mistakes . the eye evolved from a single , light-sensitive cell into the complex eye of today through hundreds if not thousands of intermediate steps , many of which still exist in nature . in order for the monkey to type the first 13 letters of hamlet 's soliloquy by chance , it would take 26 to the power of 13 number of trials for success . this is 16 times as great as the total number of seconds that have elapsed in the lifetime of the solar system . but if each correct letter is preserved and each incorrect letter eradicated , the process operates much faster . how much faster ? richard hardison constructed a computer program in which letters were " selected " for or against , and it took an average of only 335.2 trials to produce the sequence of letters tobeornottobe . this takes the computer less than 90 seconds . the entire play can be done in about 4.5 days ! "  narby also tries to argue that gaps in the fossil record such as in whale evolution and other places where there are few or no intermediate forms indicate that evolution has not occurred . this however just means that in this instance there are gaps in the fossil record because the fossils have not been found yet . narby also points to the seemingly rapid appearance of species in the fossil record as an argument against evolution . apparently narby has never heard of punctuated equilibrium . narby stunningly also tries to argue that because large portions of dna is identical over many different species that this somehow indicates design , unfortunately for narby a lot of these identical sequences of dna code for the basic processes of life . a human who could n't cope with oxygen or a fox which could not metabolize energy would not last long in this world . the fact that these sequences are identical is actually a point for evolution because the same processes have been preserved and we even see similar basic skeletal structures in animals even when it is not efficient or useful such as digits in the fins of dolphins or the appendix in humans . finally , we come back full circle to his argument about natural selection being a form of circular logic and he ties to paint evolution as unfalsifiable ( no , we can test it 's predictions in such fields as genetics and palaeontology ) and being denounce by an increasing number of scientists ( not at all true ) . all in all while narby has some interesting nuggets of information and ideas in the cosmic serpent he ultimately seems to squander these ideas by jumping around in random directions and to strange conclusions based on very little evidence
she wastes the first chapters , and my time , going to extremes with kooky consultants that only someone who does n't deserve to be hired would use . it adds to the drama and despair i suppose , but it comes off as contrived , and as an attempt to pander to her extremist/pessimist reading coterie . i do n't think babs could have possibly put more words in quotations . her ocd with quotated words and terms is a distraction that ultimately drove me nuts . i ca n't believe she 's an accomplished writer . her writing style can best be described as unsmooth and read-stoppage inducing . oh well , her intentions were good
i fail to understand all of the hoopla about susan sontag . while i have only read a limited selection of her work , in these essays , &quot ; against interpretation&quot ; being the ultimate example , sontag emerges as a simple-minded , arrogant ignoramus . in her utterly unreasoned invective , sontag ignores ( or is just unable to understand ) two critical facts . first , some works of art and theory are difficult to understand ( in varying degrees ) without the help of interpretation . sontag 's flawed analysis of the supposed ruination of the works of kafka by interpretation demonstrates that not only is she among this crowd , she has clearly reached new and unheard of misguided heights . second , sontag ignores the fact that works of art in other languages can not be understood in translation without the help of interpretation and criticism that demonstrates the extent to which aspects of a certain culture are imbedded in the original language . this could n't possibly be clearer than in poetry . weinberger 's excellent &quot ; nineteen ways of looking at wang wei&quot ; , which adroitly considers the subject , had n't been released when sontag published this essay but it probably would n't have made a difference . what was she thinking ? the only good aspect of the essay ( and why i give it 2 stars instead of 1 or zero ) is the fact that it has given me ample opportunity to win arguments against individuals who are flawed in their thinking enough to enjoy sontag 's writing
i stumbled across this book by accident at my library and decided what the heck , all those millions reading gray 's franchise ca n't be wrong . plus , i 've seen gray on larry king once , and he seemed like a nice and reasonable enough guy . this book , though , promising in its intro to be " sexy " , touched more of my comical than my sensual nerves . now , i am not above accepting bedroom advice where it 's warranted ( for instance , it is thanks to dr. gray that i finally made sense of that night years ago when my husband slept on the couch after a huge fight caused by my criticizing a movie we 'd just went to see ) . but gray 's generalizations , dumbing down of most issues and sharing his own sex life with his wife bonnie were mostly unhelpful , and i suspect that the passages i found funny were involuntarily so . although i 'm the first to admit that women love compliments , gray 's suggestions , as displayed in several top 10-lists of things to say ( and , occasionally , what not to say ) were a tidbit too repetitive ( ever wonder how many combinations you can play with the phrase " your breasts are wonderful " ? read the book ! ) . almost as enlightening was the hot tip on how , while getting to the undressing part , the man should pull the woman 's panties " up her crack " ( a.k.a . give her a plain old wedgie--no joke ) . and , do n't miss the one where the mongolian woman pulls a flag at full mast when she 's in the mood and at half when she 's not ( or maybe it was different colors , i could n't read clearly through my tears--no offense to the mongolian people ! ) . more annoying were the recurring ( and very stereotypical ) assumptions that a woman always needs 10 or more times more cajoling into sex than a man ( in various ways , be it foreplay , flowers or the favored seduction line hit lists ) , that a man always comes ( and too quickly , of course ) , and that you need constantly innovative acrobatics in the bedroom , or your ( otherwise mutually comfortable and sure-fire , i wonder ? ) approach will become a " turn-off " . bottom line ( no pun intended ) : if you want some light and basic ( ! ) guidance , the book is not too terrible , but if it is " advanced bedroom skills " ( gray said that ! ) that you 're after , you 're better off digging out that old erica jong or even any pulp .
congrats on your first victory in eight and a half decades
i have never read one of johansen 's books and after reading this one , i 'm not likely to read another . i usually enjoy reading pretty much any type of mystery and am not a literary critic by any means , but i just could n't get into the story here because of the flowery and cliche-filled writing . exclamations such as " dear heaven " and " lord " were repeated over and over again by all characters throughout the book , which does n't seem to fit with the rest of their conversational tone ( it would suit my southern grandma , however ) . as another reviewer said , the big mystery of why daisy would n't leave geneva was n't particularly mysterious - if she really wanted jason to leave she could have just told him . character development was lacking and i just did n't care that much about them . i would have liked to hear more about cynthia and her antics . i did finish the book because i was curious to know what happened , but i could n't wait for it to be over . sorry , but this was not my cup of tea
...and dump it...great advice given in a previous review . i think the " shame " about this book is that it glosses over some very interesting ideas with ( in my opinion ) some wholly unsupported and mostly un-related crap . talbot is to the theory of the holographic universe what mark furman was to the guilt of oj simpson . whatever truth there is to it will be hidden by his presentation of " false evidence "
the author has her narrator ( " cinnamon " ) spend most of her time comparing herself to the fascinating scarlett,in a game of wish-fulfillment one-upmanship . even though she 's calling the shots,as it 's her book , scarlett still comes out miles ahead . perhaps it was only that way for a certain strata of society,but there was once a beautiful world of chivalry and gallantry and bravery and even some idealism-even if misplaced-just as there has been throughout the ages in other societies,such as " ivanhoe " presents.the story may have been one-sided,but it 's the side mm chose to tell,and there 's kernel of truth in the " myth " of the old south,as in all myths . margaret mitchell has nothing to fear from this silly so-called " parody " ,which is really a subconscious-or not so subconscious,in fact-effort to knock from her pedestal,that epitome of heroines-katie scarlett o'hara and the wonderful melanie wilkes.as if rhett would ever give any other woman a serious thought-he was obsessed with scarlett.that 's why he turned to women like belle watling.and to imagine mammy killing the male babies,when she had been devoted to ellen o'hara from ellen 's childhood.thank goodness this book is n't a pimple on the fanny of the classic gwtw,because what it is a a travesty-and not even a well-written or engaging one at that.gwtw will still be read and loved for all time,like the classic it is,when this book is selling for a quarter at garage sales.i did n't even pay that,thank goodness-the woman gave it to me,and i read it and burned it with the rest of the trash.i 'd give it a negative star if there was such a rating.ludicrous and laughable-try again,ms randall,and try to get over the jealousy of scarlett and co. again,margaret mitchell need not fear,lol
i found this book extremely verbose and unorganized . it would serve as a great reference book for a lab researcher or grad student . but it 's way too technical and dense for an introductory genetics class . the authors do a poor job presenting the material in a comprehensible way to an undergraduate genetics student . not recommended
the author makes a good case for index mutual funds but there are too many digressions about the author 's extracurricular activities . do you really want a pumpkin pie recipe in a book about mutual funds
for someone who spends his career attacking politically-motivated science , stephen jay gould does a pretty good job combining scientific research with politics in this book . gould rambles on and on , attacking giants of modern science like samuel morton and francis galton , and never putting up any serious scientific conclusions of his own . gould presents fabricated objections to serious research and selectively excludes studies that make a clear correlation between intelligence and brain and skull size as well as differences in brain size between the human population groups and correlations between brain size and class . gould only ridicules the most outlandish claims of scientific racism and refuses to pick on findings that have been proven correct . for anyone who has no knowledge of biology , this book will give them a very distorted view of the entire science . stephen jay gould is a paleontologist ; evolutionary biology is an amateur field for him , and it would be best if he , as well as all other crypto-marxists who wish to blend science and politics , stay out of it
this is the story of stingo , a 22 y/o aspiring writer in nyc in 1947 who meets a pair of lovers , sophie and nathan , at his boarding house and is drawn into their dysfunctional relationship , falling in love with both and witnessing their self-destruction . nathan is a mentally deranged and drug-addicted genius . sophie is a haunted polish survivor of auschwitz . her story unfolds as she confides to nathan the awful truths of her unwillingness to join the polish resistance , her eventual capture over a small infraction and her heart-destroying choice when she arrives in the camp--she must decide which of her children will live and which will be sent immediately to the gas chamber . while nathan and sophie are both fascinating , fully-realized characters with terrible obstacles , stingo , the narrator , is about as imbecilic a person as ever an author has entrusted his narrative to . despite his thirty or so years of perspective on the events of '47 which he is relating , he seems to possess little or no wisdom about them , no intriguing viewpoints about his life or his friends ' tragedies , and his actions and attitudes at the age of 22 are so immature and superficial as to be almost unbearable . the novel is far too long--it could be nearly cut in half and only benefit . the narrative style is foolishly ponderous , far over-written , especially in the first half . and in the end while the structure of narrator/observer seems like a fine choice in the abstract , the specific narrator and his terrible lack of wisdom only interferes with the heartbreaking story of nathan and sophie . in the end , the narrator never even approaches the key question in my mind : why did sophie so quickly choose eva to die rather than jan ? a lack of true understanding of what would happen to the girl ? a blind panic ? a preference for her son , the sort of harmless preference many parents may harbor that is never important because we are never asked to choose ? it is this having chosen which seems more than the other tragedies to have really destroyed sophie , and yet it 's glossed over in the narrative . in fact , it 's followed by sophie and stingo having an endless night of 'fu---ng ' as the novel would put it . really ? almost hard to believe sophie could get it together to have peremptory sex after her drinking and her terrible revelations . she uses sex to escape with her lover nathan , but it 's hard to imagine this all-night sexcapade stingo relates . could it be that styron only knows how to connect people through sex ? how this could be considered one of the greatest american novels of all time is a mystery to me . the potential is there , but only a truly talented , dedicated editor could have rescued the book from itsmany structural and linguistic failures
middle-aged gracie is a typical hollywood wife , right down to her botox injections and designer wardrobe . when her husband dumps her after almost ten years of marriage , gracie finds herself without love , without friends , and most importantly , without status . ( but at least she 's still got the money ! )  actually , most of what i know is from the dust jacket since this book was too torturous to finish . the plot is predictable and uninteresting and is littered with so much name-dropping that sometimes it 's hard to follow . the characters are taken straight from stereotype 101 and are so badly written that they 're impossible to relate to . the writing is ponderous and lumbers along awkwardly , lacking polish , wit , or interest . especially irritating is grazer 's insistence on using gracie 's name as much as possible . for example :  " gracie thought about it ; they 'd never been to marriage counseling . gracie had gone to counseling in the beginning of their marriage - there were many issues to overcome . more or less her personality issues - the fact that gracie had too much personality . gracie said and did pretty much what gracie pleased , in the beginning . before gracie learned the way of the wife " ( p 38 ) . i lost interest after about 20 pages , plowed my way through 40 more , then gave up . it 's very obvious that this is a poorly-veiled autobiography ( grazer/gracie ) and that as a hollywood wife , grazer does have the connections and clout her protagonist lacks or this book would never have been published . definitely not worth your time
i rarely stop reading a book in the middle of it , but i could n't take any more of look homeward , angel after part i ( about 1/3 of the way through ) . it was long , rambling , and most of the passages did not add anything to the story , not even in the way of atmosphere . i do not recommend this book
as the reviewer from jackhorn , ky stated , this book lacks original research . if you read the section on the " house church movement " and then go to the website for the homechurch homepage , you will see that mr. wolfe hacked away at many of the articles on the site to obtain his " research . " for the many quotes he used from the website , not once were any of the authors contacted by mr. wolfe in order to do any original research . if he had done so , he would have come away with a different take than he wrote in his book
bought book flipped through for 5 minutes , found good use starting a woodfire . all the info contained can be had for free on the internet . if youve been trading more then 2 days you already know more then the scope of this boo
as a professional , certified chef and baker , i am also an avid baking and cookbook collector . after seeing that this book won and the james beard and the 'iacp cookbook of the year ' awards -both prominently displayed on the cover of this book- and after reading the 'too good to be true'-reviews on amazon -some reviewers sound so exalted and in trance as if peter reinhart is the jesus christ of bread- i finally decided to buy this expensive book . what a dissappointment ! for all those blindly following reinhart as he were the saviour of true bread , wake up ! reinhart 's book is simply flawed . compared to other bread books , it 's even a quite average book . but one that is luxuriously packaged . a lot of hot colorful expensive air . and it 's expensive not because of the info and exlusive bread knowledge in it , but because of the super luxuriously editing . this is a book for book enthousiasts , not for bakers , professional or home . i see baking and cookbooks mainly as working tools , as information and inspiration . not as eye candy . if you want nice pictures , buy an art book . a book on baking bread with these awards behind it , should give you tons of new info about ingredients and techniques , original insights , an appetite for baking , factual info , the newest and tested developments in technique... what you get here is a fluffed up egotrip . 47 formulas and ample bread info packaged into a shining 30-40 $ publishing hype . do n't get me wrong : this is a beautiful , expensive book . but one you do n't use in the kitchen , and certainly do n't smudge with butter but put on the coffee table in the living room to impress guests and have polite conversations about . but as a source of new information or enlightening up to date bread knowledge , giving pointers about using new bread ingredients combined with old proven bread baking techniques , as a working tool sweating near the hot oven at home or at a bakery , compared to other bread books , this book fails miserably info-wise . but it has a snappy lay out . jeff hamelmans 'bread , a book of techniques ' and rose beranbaums 'bread bible ' give the readers much more practical info and insight into bread baking . they talk more about the subject 'bread' . and not about themselves like peter reinhart clearly relishes . mr reinhart clearly sees himself as so important and interesting a person that we read in this book about his wife and their sightseeing in paris . how about the bread info , the kneading , rising , baking , ingredient- and techniques info ? i honestly prefer industrious bakers who pass on their baking knowledge clearly without having to read at which hotel room they stayedin . bakers with such big ego 's that think that readers of a bread baking book are more interested in the shopping experiences of the wife during 'a learning trip ' to professional bakers on which she accompanied him , than in another bread formula 's , should work in shobizz , not in a bakery or a culinary school . big ego 's with more talk than substance galore in the food industry . reinart is , judging by this book , sadly also one of them . i do n't see in a 1000 years rose beranbaum in one of her books rambling on about her husbands prefered color of ties or jeff hamelman writing in a bread book about the time he spent with his wife in paris . mr.reinhart : your readers forked out 30-40 $ for bread info , not your personal travel experiences . as you as a teachers no doubts sometimes say to a pupil : stay with the subject ! and the subject of this book , for which i paid is 'bread and baking . if we want to know about your personal life , we 'll read an interview in people , if they find you interesting enough . peter reinharts 'the bread baker 's apprentice ' as a 'bread book ' is simply a marketing creation . smartly edited , but way too short on substance . there is not much new information on bread . worse : there is not much info at all ! in total for 30-40 $ , you get exactly 47 formulas on 307 pages of which 2 color photo pages are simply ads for other books by ten speed press , the editor or this book . compared to beranbaums 640 pages , hamelmans 400 plus pages , that is a big difference for a big price . with reinharts book , you get a lot of shining white surface that in other bread books is filled with bread info . as a buyer of this book , you also pay for full page black-and-white and color pictures that are pure filler . see p. 3 , 6 , 26... and why is the beautiful model fumie on the cover of a bread book and not mr. reinhart himself or even ... bread alone ? with reinharts next book they will no doubt put kate moss in an apron and a bakers vest . package the air attractive enough and the readers will swallow it and fork out the 30-40 $ . never mind the content . let 's talk a bit about the formula 's . that should be an important part of a baking book , right ? and they should be original and fine tuned , right ? sadly to say : nothing new or original here . some are n't even fine tuned . and baking is all about fine tuning . worse , almost all the formula 's can be found in other bread books . and , most insulting for a buyer of this book , a lot of the mere 47 formulas ( reinhart uses this expensive word because 'recipe ' propably does n't fit into the marketing of this baking book ) in this book are rehashed or directly derived from reinharts former book 'crust and crumb' . clever marketing and ba-da-bing ! by the way , 'crust and crumb ' has been reedited in 2006 . at a fair price , i admit . so if you want your dose of reinhart at a right price without the pomp , sc    nes of a marriage , without peter reinharts comment on the eiffel tower so to speak... buy 'crust and crumb ' and leave this luxuriously edited egotrip on the shelves . but before i buy i would also first flip through beranbaums and hamelmans bread books in the bookshop or in the amazon shop . as for this book , you should ask yourself : 'do i want a serious bread book or a nice coffeetable book ? ' . taking in consideration all the egostroking in this book and in reviews , as a baking book for the world market , this book is almost worthless . the universal accepted working standard in worldwide baking is metric weight . like it or not , but that 's a fact . you weigh your ingredients carefully by grams , kilo 's etc . reinhart visited french top bakers poilane and gosselin , clearly admires them and aspires to reach their level of baking . i do n't think that poilane measures in cups and ounces ! but even then , let reinhart measure in cups for the home market . but then have the decency to add the metric equivalent in the formula 's itself for the rest of the world . this guy goes on and on about his wish to bake authentic european inspired bread like ciabatta , fougasse... about a worldwide bread revolution ! and then he refuses to use the most important tool to make these breads : the same language , the metric weight system . rose beranbaum places the metric equivalent next to the cups/ounces . it 's a simple as that . bread is a world food , so use the world standard for baking . if not , market your book mainly to the usa market and be honest and upfront about that . and do n't give us that inflated hot air babble about a worldwide bread revolution without using the worldwide accepted working standard , the metric wieght system ! this big flaw makes the book almost useless for bakers outside the usa . the worldwide bread revolution wo n't be for tommorrow if we have to use this book worldwide ! next point : reinhart advocates instant yeast over fresh pressed yeast . every baker worth his salt ( or yeast ) will tell you that fresh yeast gives a far better taste , volume and texture . yeast is a living organism . as 'instant yeast ' it has been dried and put on the shelves for god knows how long . it 's like you force a just woken up coma-patient , that has been dormant for months , years... to run a marathon . fresh , pressed yeast is still alive and its taste and texture are a world of difference compared to 'instant ' ( aka dried ) yeast . try the difference between fresh yeast and instant yeast for taste and texture and fully developed rising at home , and judge for yourself . to place fresh yeast on the same level as instant yeast is preposterous for someone like reinhart who spends days on his pre ferments ! for scientific back up , you can always read the recently translated book of world renowed food scientist herve this 'molecular gastronomy , exploring the science of flavor ' ( columbia university press 2006 ) . and it gets worse . reinhart frequently uses shortening instead of butter or olive oil in his breads . if poilane hears this , he 'll drop dead ! every baker knows that even a small amount of butter gives a much better taste and texture than shortening . shortening produces a rancid/metallic taste and a slimy , unpleasant mouthfeel . not to talk about health . most shortening is choc full of trans fats which are much more unhealty than butter fat . read harvard 's nutrition professor walter willets book : 'eat , drink and be healthy ' ( free press 2001 ) . new york has already picked this info up . professional food writer and teacher reinhart has n't or does n't care . for instance , reinhart proudly declares -not as a joke- that in italian bread you can use shortening instead of olive oil . in italian bread ! come on , let 's be serious . and this guy teaches at the culinary institute of america ! it 's like he is advocating spam to put on the bbq instead of beef ! if that is the standard of baking that reinhart uses , he 'll have to wait a long time to reach the standards of a poilane . then there is reinharts hygi    ne problem . there is an international standard for basic hygiene in food called the hazzard analysis of critical control points ( haccp ) . reinhart as a professional tutor and teacher must no doubt know the haccp by heart . the first thing in hygiene that an apprentice baker learns , is that before even touching ingredients , he must remove all the rings on his fingers . because the place underneath a wedding band for instance , is the place where the filth gathers and bacteria feast . and kneading dough with all that filth underneath a wedding band that you keep on , is not only very dangerous for the health of customers , it is simply not done for a baker . i like my bread without filth baked in , thank you very much ! in the school where i earned my diplome in baking , if a student had a ring on during practical class , he had to leave the class immediately and he lost important points for his exam . yet we see professional teacher and bread book author reinhart kneading dough with his wedding band on ! see p. 36-37 , 82-83 , 255 , 245.. . unforgivable in a 'professional ' baking book . and all the more in an expensive book that won the james beard and iacp awards ! has anyone of the juries of the james beard foundation and the iacp , any basic knowledge of food hygiene ? has nobody seen this cardinal sin against food hygi    ne in a so called 'professional bread book ' ? one other thing , for a bread book that pretends to be world class , there is no word about gluten-free bread . not one formula . and this while more and more people are allergic to gluten ( protein in wheat flour ) . to end on a positive note , one thing i found acceptable in this expensive coffee table book , was his 55 pages with the 12 stages of bread . but , fellow reviewers , you can find all this info and more , and explained more clearly , more detailed and to the point , in hamelmans 'bread ' and beranbaums 'bread bible' . and it does n't take 55 pages of expensive high quality shining white paper . peter , take out all the white empty space , learn to write more clearly and to the point , and you can say the same thing in 20 pages . which leaves you 35 pages for more formula 's for example . but if you have n't any formula 's left or are preparing a new book , then , yes , by all means stretch the 12 stages of bread to 55 scarcely printed pages instead of 20 . why make it simple if you can make it seem difficult , impress your not so knowledgable readers and in doing so stroking your own ego ? so despite all the hoopla , hyped reviews , near hysterical praise and important awards , this is simply a too expensive , show off-book . it 's like the tale of 'the king with no clothes on' . somebody has to yell : 'hey , wait a minute ! '  if you want good books on bread baking : buy one by jeff hamelman , rose beranbaum and bernard clayton . you do n't get a model on the cover , but the content is all the better . and in a bread book , is n't content more important than packaging
" this has been a story of an american soldier whose involvement in the making of the world 's greatest dictionary was singular , astonishing , memorable and laudable - and yet at the same time wretchedly sad . " - prologue . well , that certainly could have been the story . but what it was was a history of the dictionary ( as in " the history of the horse " ) with w.c. minor 's contributions finally gotten to on page 116 or so . winchester , the author of several other books i 'll avoid , also seems to suffer from the common malady - or unwillingness - of not knowing how to end a book . so the last fifty pages sink the poor reader into...the history of insanity/dimentia/alzeihmer 's , whatever you want to call what minor suffered . whereas i should have shed a tear when the main character - assuming it was n't a dictionary - was laid to rest at age 85 , i was fairly glad to see him go .
as a romantic comedy , star wars is a failure . as a science fiction film , the annie hall is a complete disappointment . whatever other merits these movies might have , there are definitely areas that they are lacking . which brings me to the rough guide to cult movies : as a reference book , it is highly suspect . what 's notable is that annie hall fails as sci-fi because it does n't try to be that genre ; the rough guide fails at the very category it aspires to . which is too bad , because it is often an interesting read . the failure starts at the beginning of the book with a definition of cult movies that is so broad as to be meaningless . we then a series of chapters representing various " genres " , some of which are valid ( science fiction , westerns , horror ) , some of which are ridiculous ( animals , food , nuns ) and some of which are not even true genres ( dubbed , independent , straight-to-video ) . after this , we get various miscellaneous topics that are thrown in without rhyme or reason , such as a list of top movie grosses followed by presidential movie trivia . the movie descriptions are often amusing , although there are numerous errors ( such as misstating geoffrey rush 's role in pirates of the caribbean ) , even more omissions ( every reader will find his own ; one example is that unforgiven is missing from westerns ) and plenty of movies that are really miscategorized but seem only placed in a specific genre to fill it out . what saves this book is , even though it fails as a reference book , it is nonetheless entertaining . i am therefore giving this two stars instead of one . it 's a rather useless book , especially if you want to learn more about movies , but if you do pick it up , it is probably the most entertaining two-star book that you 're ever likely to read .
another farce to feed irrational hatred with authoritative sounding documentation.. . if you dig that sort of thing... there are tons out on the market...unfortunately they do n't come with disclaimers . like one would get when reading a book on the occult... people tend to go for books that support their bigoted view , and this is a fine example... it is a lucrative business in the united states to see what is en vogue and write a book of it... . it is a living . when the da vinci code was written it was a craze everyone had to write the idiot 's guide to the code , how to interpret the code etc etc... . i am not surprised of a book like this and certainly there is no accounting for integrity or lack thereof... people write for years even for the ny times before others discover their plagiarism.... or in this case the secret agenda.... before long we will all be drafted to support capitalistic oligarchies err democracy abroad.. .
all i can say is pass me some aspirin . this is a dozy of a bad novel . as it says on the dust jacket , a supreme court law clerk grabs a petition and ends up becoming deceased . its up to the brother to uncover the truth by finding the real killer who had let a poor black man rot away for a crime he did not commit . at the same time the brother contends with mysterious bad guys out to get him and stop the unearthing of the evidence . not only does he deal with his family , but his brothers friend , a sexy young law clerk herself and the duplicity on the bench she works for . and that 's only the start of the plot . its really pretty bad , it descends into mired pretensions and goofy resolutions . the characters are so shallow that you are left with little notion of who they are except for a faint nasty after taste over their conceded ways . baldacci is along with james patterson and dean koontz one of america 's worst authors . if you want an author who writes on a similar vein to this , try one of harlan coben 's last four or so stand alone thrillers with out the character myron bolitar in it . or for a more sophisticated read , look for denis lehane , he wrote the amazing mystic river , but his pi series located in boston is pretty good as well .
i must say that after reading this book , i am more confused than ever as to the origins of the war between japan and the us . the book starts in 1936 , although most knowledgable people know that the march to war really began with the japanese seizure of manchuria in 1932 . the author continually repeats the refrain that " americans do n't understand the japanese mentality and culture " , and it was this " misunderstanding " that led to the war . it is true that toland defines the japanese term " gekokujo " as being some sort of " insubordination " that led to the kwantung army to feel it could move , presumably without orders from tokyo , into manchuria . however , toland does not explain how this could happen . there is little description of the power structure in japan , we do know that there was some attempt to create parliamentary democracy , but there were also the giant oligarchs who had much power , plus the military hierarchy . somehow , the military took control in the 1930 's , but toland does n't really say how . he describes in detail the " 2/26 " uprising of young officers in 1936 , and how they were willing to kill without compunction , and how fanatical they were , yet we are then told that they opposed expansion into china , and that the repression of this coup attempt would lead to an expanded war in china . i must say i do n't understand this at all...toland potrays them as militaristic fanatics , yet they seem to be " the good guys " . were n't those who supported expansion into china also militaristic fanatics ? this is left totally unexplained . toland then goes on to describe the fatal " incident at the marco polo bridge " in 1937 near peking ( beijing ) which led to the full-scale invasion of china . toland says the government in tokyo , again , had nothing to do with it , in fact both the chinese and japanese commanders on the spot tried to calm things down , but some undefined " hotheads " ( possibly chinese communists ) kept inflaming the situation . somehow ( without toland telling us how ) , a decision is made by someone ( not necessarily the " peace-loving " japanese prime minister prince konoye ) to mount a full-scale invasion of china . an impression is left by toland that the chinese , particulary , the koumintang government of chiang kai-shek was provocative and unreasonable . all i know is that that marco polo bridge is within china , and it is understandable that the chinese would resent the japanese military presence there . after this , we move on to the atrocities of the " rape of nanking " , which again , according to toland , " somehow " happens , ( toland does admit that there were atrocities and between 200,000 and 300,000 chinese were butchered by their " brother asians " who claimed to be liberating them ( ? ) ) . toland says the japanese commander at nanking did not order any such behavior , nor again , did the government in tokyo . how then do thousands of supposedly disciplined japanese troops suddenly get it into their heads to do such things ? toland does n't give us a clue , other than his general statement that " westerners do n't understand the japanese " . toland also , in a way , tries to claim that western opposition to japanese expansion into china was " hypocritical " because of western colonialism in east asia ( us in the philippines ; britain in hong kong , malaya , burma , india ; dutch in east indies ; french in indochina ) , however , by the 1930 's the us had already agreed to give the philippines independence and the british were beginning to wind down the raj in india was setting up an autonomous indian government , so it was apparent that colonialism was already on its way out before the war . all this makes me wonder about the various things he says in the book , and i would look for a better source on the tragic history of this period . i have read his books on the end of both world war i and world war ii which are much better , so that adds to my disappointment
the book is chock full of examples and anecdotes but really has no new worthwhile conceptualizations or insights to make it worth reading . if you do n't know anything about database marketing , then you will get something out of this book . if you are familiar with the basic concepts of customer database analysis , loyalty programs and relationship marketing , there is nothing new here . in fact a much better introduction to all those concepts is the loyalty effect by reichenheld or customer connections by wayland and cole . the subtitle mentions the dot com world , but the book has little to say about the internet . the book really does not cover crms ( as oppsed to database marketing ) in that it fails describe how crm systems work and what database , modeling and communications platforms are required to implement them
oh.... my... . god ! ! ! ! there is another patricia kennealy running mad through the streets and shouting about high schoolish love fantasies that exist only in her mind . i thought one patricia was enough . but after reading this book , i am faced with the frightening realization that there are two of them ! also , what i find very disturbing is that this version of patricia may be even daffier than the original version . after reading just 6 or 7 pages of this hallucination horror show it was evident to me that the author is suffering from a case of patriciaitis and a dose of kennealyism . by the 40th page i was searching for my red slippers so i could click them together and get back to kansas . or anywhere else , as long as my copy of this book did n't make the trip with me . a pack of lies and a waste of paper and time . i would rather read mary poppins than wade through this endless journey of rubble .
a rather toothless attempt at rewriting strunk and white , or chicago into &quot ; fun.&quot ; reference books should n't waste this much space on casual conversation . get to the point--get elements of style , elements of grammar , and chicago rather than this handbook
this textbook is more useful for the flashy ( and admittedly very good ) teacher 's ancillaries . but this review is not for the ancillaries . it is for the text itself . the text 's treatment of proofs is very cursory and not rigorous enough . the diagrams for the algebraic problems are too confusing , compiling numerous different concepts into one problem . while i agree that students must learn to differentiate one property/theorem/rule/postulate from another , it does n't make sense that most , instead of some , diagrams are over-complicated . personally , i do n't like the format with the examples , mainly because it downplays the necessity for students to become literate in math , not just a good " example comparer . " the text has little actual text to speak of . i have not been teaching hs for very long , but i do not like this book . i am not a textbook dependent teacher , but i do ( woefully ) recognize that students have poor study skills and do n't reference notes all the time . i do not teach out of the textbook and i spend many hours planning lessons , lecture notes , my own examples , etc . i had many complaints that the problems were confusing , included too many ideas at the same time , etc . some may be successful in " teaching themselves " from the examples , but i am very disappointed that textbooks no longer have text . i may be a math teacher , but i understand the importance of reading and how it helps a person to process the material . on the other hand , the teacher resources is a great set of worksheets , study masters , note taking guides , etc . perhaps the authors spent more time on those resources instead of the text .
the prologue of this book lead me to believe this was going to be a very touching love story of a woman losing the love of her life and finding love again . i was disappointed , soon after , when it turned into a gardening manual and a tale about ghosts , with a sort of haphazard romance thrown in the middle-and then even that was disappointing . i mean graceland for a first date ? i noticed a lot of similarities between roz and the mayor in northern lights , and logan and nate from that same book . none of them can talk in complete sentences . and stella , who comes across as this loving mother , who puts her kids before anything else , works from sun up to sun down and is so smug that she thinks the whole business is going to come crashing down around everybody if she is n't there to oversee everything , even though the place has been successful for years . there is no addressing the issue of moving on with her life after the death of her husband , she just does it . unless , of course , it was in the last 50 pages which i did n't bother to read because i just could n't torture myself any longer . and i 'm a big fan of roberts . i love her quinn brothers books and a lot of her other work . but this just stunk because i could really care less who the ghost is going to turn out to be . i 'm certainly not going to suffer through the last two books to find out .
this book has taken photo after photo straight out of the ikea catalogue ! obviously , the authors have decided that they have nothing to offer and opt instead to refer to ikea 's design and storage ideas . this book actually put me in a bad mood . listen up folks , the ikea catalogue is free . do yourselves a favour and pick one up , because none of these so-called " organization " books have anything to teach you that can not be found at your local ikea store . these authors should be fired . shame on both of them
not insightful , not even humorous . i am willing to admit that maybe i just do n't get his writing style , whatever that might be . i hope mr. rakoff gets into a new line of wor
ridiculous , convoluted and unresolved plot with main characters that have become predictable and boring . did cornwell even write this one herself ? if so , she missed a glaring discrepancy when she proofread : on page 216 marino remembers mrs. paulsson greeting him at the door " wearing jeans and a soft pink sweater " , but later when he tells scarpetta what happened during his visit to the house he describes her as having worn black books and a camouflage shirt when she opened the door . perhaps it was the author 's attempt to let readers think marino only imagined the pink sweater scenario because he was too ashamed to remember what really happened . however , to this reader it comes across simply as a mistake the author forgot to go back and correct
when i reviewed the street lawyer recently , i mentioned that i 've never put down a grisham unfinished and that we should throw the man some props . for that book , certainly . for this one , nope . i read four chapters , 41 of its 391 pages , and gave up totally unengaged and uncaring about any of his characters or his plot . i hope he just had an off day or something , and that what he wrote later got back to what makes him so readable .
i 'm thankful that i was able to get this book at the library and did n't spend $ 15.00 buying it . i own the blue day book by the same author and i think it 's fantastic and it cheers me up right away . he should have stopped with that book . it claims to be a witty , thought-provoking book that makes an ideal gift for anyone who 's seeking their true purpose and wants to laugh along the way . the only thing this book has going for it is the amazing animal pictures . it did have one thought that i really liked : &quot ; some people say that life is all about acquiring knowledge . if that 's true , then why do smart people dress so badly ? &quot
i liked most of jo beverly 's books . in fact , she is one of my favorite romance writers . that 's why it 's hard to believe she could write something so boring and contrived . the premise -- saving an opium addict--- is good . one could expect a lot of turmoil between the lovers . but no -- it 's all pretty smooth . the passion is tepid and not much else happens . a series of " rogues " from previous books is paraded before the reader without really adding to the story . and the conversations are so boring that i simply had to skip them . i guess this may be enjoyable to new romance readers who do not know better or hard core beverly fans
how the other half lives was written over a century ago as an expose ' of the appalling living conditions in the tenements of new york city . the author speaks with a crusader 's zeal and with so much detail that the reader can visualize these tenements , these streets , and these people as if they were living today . this is a grim and moving portrayal of the lives of the men , the women and the children that inhabit these loathsome neighborhoods of new york city in the late 1800s . he so graphically describes the filth , the sunless and airless rooms , the crowding , and the starvation that these places palpably exist for the reader and bring a chill to any heart . riis has a genuine concern for the tenement situation and understands these people 's plight . his pictures are touching and meant to vividly show their misery . he , for the most part , blames the money-hungry landlords for these crowded conditions : " how shall the love of god be understood by those who have been nurtured in sight only of the greed of man . " ( p. 266 ) . he laments that the tenement is three quarters responsible for the misery of the poor . then , after his extensive discourse , he offers three concrete cures for these dreadful conditions , something that many authors forget when they are enlightening readers . riis states his purpose for writing this book himself on page 297 when he says , " if this book shall have borne ever so feeble a hand in garnering a harvest of justice , it has served its purpose . " the author apparently succeeded with his purpose , because in the flyleaf of this book the publisher tells us : " this book helped bring about new revisions in the housing codes of the major u. s . cities . " how does this book relate to adult education ? by moving chronologically from the founding of america to the slums of nyc in the 1800s , are we to understand that education took a back seat to the accumulation of money during those hundred years ? certainly riis posits that education is one of the solutions to this problem while at the same time implying that wealth accumulation and the lack of education has been the cause of this problem . " thus the whole matter resolves itself once more into a question of education , all the more urgent because these people are poor , miserably poor almost to a man . " ( p. 147 ) . he does not forget that this " education " is not only for the poor people , but also for the wealthy landlords . " clearly , it is a matter of education on the part of the landlord no less than the tenant . " ( p. 270 ) . riis ' almost missionary language exhorts us to never allow greed to override a compassion for humanity . " it is a fight in which eternal vigilance is truly the price of liberty and the preservation of society . " ( p. 233 ) . the relation of this book to the other units of study in this course could be explained as an example of how low mankind can descend if education is not considered one of the major cornerstones of a society . although this book was exhaustive in its detail , it was easy to read while at the same time enlightening . i found myself enjoying the ranting tone and the fascinating lists of neighborhoods and the labels that riis used for the different races . in a sense it reads like a ginsberg poem ; constantly hitting the reader with melodious lists of places and people from another era . read these geographic names out loud and feel their rhythm : jewtown , bandit 's roost , double alley , the bowery , the bloody sixth ward , the fourth , fifth and tenth wards , blindman 's alley , the bend , the battery , little italy , the french quarter , hell 's kitchen , the west side , bottle alley , frog hollow , poverty gap , murderer 's alley , gotham court , the old brewery , old africa , potter 's field , blackwell 's island asylum , rogues ' gallery , penitentiary row , chinatown . the list goes on . to someone reared in rural america , this chant sounds like a song about another country . riis also has something to say about all the races of people that live in the tenements of new york city : chinaman ( he ca n't be taught ) , ( chinese ( coolie--laundry business ) , polish jew ( coops himself up in his den with his thermometer at boiling ) , russian jew , jew ( money is their god ) , bohemian ( poor , but thrifty ) , blacks ( like to gamble , but they are clean ) , greek , hebrews ( tailors , all of them ) , dutchman , irish ( like to drink and have expensive funerals ) , german ( order loving ) , swiss , pasquales , russian , italian ( a born gambler ; lighthearted and gay ) , swamp angel ( thieves ) , street arabs ( army of homeless boys ) , tramps and toughs ( the world owes them a living ) ,and the celtics . i was enthralled by the street lingo and the colloquialisms and riis ' comments about every race . i noticed one interesting similarity between the late 1800s and the present day . riis says that the gap between the social classes is widening everyday . i hear people talking about the growing differences between the rich and the poor often these days . does every generation think that is happening in their time ? not only should this book be used by people researching new york city ` s tenements , but it should also be read by everyone seeking a blueprint for social change . it is a reminder to show us how hopeless the human circumstances can become when man 's greed overrides his concern for human dignity .
the package the book came in was smashed . the book appeared as if it had been used . it took over 2 weeks for it to arrive . i would n't order any books from amazon agai
spend your money elsewhere . for someone who supposedly lives in the vicinity of yellowstone he knows and sees little . to anyone who steps outside of the sealed up world of their car and even casually looks , the senses are all brought to life with sights sounds , smells , temperatures , textures and colors . cahill does not inform . he is not even a very good writer , for if he were , he 'd do the same thing i did , huck the book into the trash . go to yellowstone yourself and hang out the windows of your car and even that simple pleasure will tell you how inadequate this book really is .
got this book for my oldest daughter about a week ago and she reports the binding is very bad . pages are falling out
i recently read " i " , " k " , and " l " in succession . compared to " innocent " and " killer " , i found lawless to be slow paced ( even though this edition finds kinsey spontaneously traveling across the country ) and the plot twists less surprising . with others i 've read in the series , i am usually hooked relatively early in the story line . i was 1/3 of the way through this iteration before becoming mildly interested in the outcome . even the subplots were not overly attention grabbing ( kinsey has little contact with immediate family , ergo she substitutes others in her life--henry , rosie , pitt family , the criminal elements in this book--as her family... ) . i also found it hard to believe that some of the characters that appear in " l " could be so dim-witted on one page , and great possessors of vast knowledge with incredible powers of deduction on the next . anyway , there are others in this series i would recommend more highly ( " m " being one of them )
i had to read this book for an intro to geology course , and although i find geology to be fascinating , i had a very difficult time following this book . the author uses a lot of technical vocabulary and is rather repetitious . although i understood what mcphee was talking about most of the time , i think it would have made a better film documentary than a book . the author constantly went off on tangents and the overal organization of the book did not appeal to me at all . . .it would be more readable if written as a field journal because i could not even figure out when one day turned into another . but the book did a decent job of presenting the bigger picture
samantha seems a lot like becky . a young woman whose life is very out of balance and does n't know how to face up to the consequences of her decisions . instead of staying at the firm and working out her " mistake , " she runs away . this is just like becky hiding her bills . and then she gets a totally implausible job , because she ca n't tell the truth - again like becky . samantha does n't tell the truth until the very end when the media coverage forces her to . i agree that the firm would never have taken her back ; they probably would have viewed her as a former lawyer who had a nervous breakdown and was in need of psychiatric care . samatha , like becky at times , seems somewhat manic , in that she 's frantic somtimes and makes major life decisions on impulse in a state of agitation . just like becky when she rushes after her sister on a hike for which she is totally unprepared . lithium , anyone ? i do n't have an opinion on the housewife/lawyer " controversy , " but i do think kinsella 's protagonists need to grow up
this is the first book i 've ever returned . while a lot of what she does is admirable and does work ( the " you " form instead of " lord/he " works very well ) , two things make it unusable : constant use of " beloved " for the word " god " or " lord " becomes irritating very quickly , and she subjectively pops out the word " enemies " wherever it appears and puts in " fears . " i would n't dare tell someone with aids or a refuge or whomever that their only enemy is their own fears , and even for others such overpersonalization does n't work . the classic 137th psalm was unrecognizable -- where did the dolphins come from
bad paper , old advice . just plain awful and a waste of money .
of the thousands of books i 've read in my life , and the hundreds i 've actually purchased from amazon.com , this is the first time i 've felt strongly enough about a book to write any sort of review . i kept waiting for the author to get to the point . he rambled and meandered and did n't tell me anything new whatsoever . he used the words " alchemy " and " alchemists " in almost every single paragraph of the book . skip this book - you 'll get much more out of the " cosmic trigger " series , " quantum psychology " , or " prometheus rising " by r.a. wilson .
just not my cup of tea . well written but as i said not my cup of tea..i will not purchase the others in the series
three things make me better than sean hannity : 1 ) i was actually in the us military 2 ) i graduated college , unlike sean 3 ) i do n't believe that everybody who votes a certain way is a loser , or hates america . sean hannity is a bunch of hot air . just watch him on foxnews , or listen to him for one hour . he is yet another of the current line of conservative commentators who believes that all people who vote democrat hate their country and hate all republicans . sean - stop labeling everybody . every american has their own opinion
i bought this book 2 years ago - almost to the day...i have the receipt stuck in the book...i can only seem to force myself to get to page 50 and then i just ca n't stomach anymore and i put it down for 2 more years . maybe this is a piece of art . something to be treasured and something that should change your life . but pleasure reading should n't be this painful . i wish the store would take it back - but i think i 've probably had it for too long
the first book of auster 's new york trilogy was originally published in 1985 , and in 1994 was adapted into this graphic novel . i 've never read the original ( or any of the other parts of the trilogy ) , so i ca n't comment on karasik and mazzicchelli 's adaptation . however , i can say that since i 'm not particularly fond of existentialist or postmodernist literature ( those two terms being the most common critical shorthand for auster 's story ) , this really did n't do anything for me at all . the story is basically an exercise in metafiction , and if you like that stuff , great -- i do not . it is dressed up ( at least initially ) in the mystery genre , but that 's just window dressing . ( there 's a long legacy , especially in france , of cloaking novels and films of ideas in genre trappings ( for example alain robbe-grillet 's two books the erasers and the voyeur , or the films of jean-pierre melville . )  the story begins fairly straightforwardly : a reclusive writer of potboiler mysteries named daniel quinn lives in new york on his own since the death of his wife and son . a complete stranger calls him and thinks quinn is a private detective named paul auster and begs him to to take his case . ( the writer paul auster , and his family , shows up for one scene -- it 's that kind of book . ) quinn meets with the strange man , who was raised in rather harrowing circumstances by his professor father , who was seeking to discover the true language of god . the father has been released from jail and quinn is supposed to keep an eye on him and report . everything starts to derail when he loses track of both the old man he 's been following , and his clients . he spends several months watching the building and going crazy . once he realizes they 've disappeared , he finds his own life has disappeared as well . obviously this is all somewhat about identity , but it 's more about fun stuff like language , representation , and other tiresome postmodern subjects ( as are the other two parts of the trilogy , which involve a man spying on someone , and yet another disappearance ) . it has to be said that the artwork does an admirable job of treating the bizarro world auster has thrust his characters into . the simple , heavy black and white inking is a perfect match to the material , especially when the representations become less literal and more symbolic . however , if your taste runs more toward things like plots and characters , this is probably not for you . fans of auster may enjoy this , but fans of the graphic novel form are probably going to be much less keen .
paul auster 's city of glass is perhaps the worst read i 've experienced . the story moves at a pace that would make a snail envious ; the murder mystery plot is as thin as air and hardly resolves itself ; we spend way too many waking hours with the main character sulking around his apartment staring into a toilet bowl in which he has just defficated--i kid you not . the best part of this novel is the end . i read with fervor to get to the end in hopes that the author would have the talent to tie everything together and make this experience somewhat valid ; however , i was utterly and discustingly dissapointed beyond my wildest dreams . to all the reviewers and critics who claim this book is a metaphysical , existential tour de-force , i beg wholeheartedly with my very life to differ . i believe the author had no such thoughts in mind , had no direction when writing this disgrace of a work and it saddens me to see such an unentertaining , dry-dry-dry piece of fiction with one or two not-so-clever plot devices , gather such literary praise . like a rorschach image you can see life , love , death , a myriad of wonderful symbols , and if you would like to believe that the person who put that ink blot on the page intended you to see all of that depth , intepret and dwell in that depth--coming to conclusions and reflecting ultimately on your own life , well , then , good for you . but in reality , the person that made that rorschach for you is auster , and he just ambigoulsy splatted some ink on the novel pages before you with no ryhme or reason and you all bought it...hook line and sinker . this novel is an exercise in an authors ability to take us nowhere , show us little on the way and still receive praise , despite an ending which is refelctive of the entire work , in that it plain and simply : sucks
this book did not teach me anything and was a waste of money . page 364 : principles of long term investing : " chapter 8 shows that among the s&p 500 index returns , large value stocks have a small edge over large growth stocks . " now look at chapter 8 . " of the 10 largest corporations , only 2 ( exxon mobile and citigroup ) are value stocks . " duuhhh . now i know what to do . i have a choice of two stocks . if you already know all there is to know about the stockmarket , buy this book and pat yourself on the back for being so smart . if you know little , it wo n't add to your knowledge at all
i bought this book to try to learn some useful poses for my subjects , and given most other people 's ratings , i decided to give it a try . however , upon opening the book my first thought was , " these all look like high school yearbook photos " , which is exacltly what they are . it seems that that 's primarily what type of photography the author does and his book is geared almost exclusively to that market . his main concern , which he stresses throughout the book , is creating a " saleable picture " , and he keeps emphasizing the importance of pleasing mom , since she 's usually the one with final say over the pictures . a better title for this book would have been , " how to take high school senior pictures " . even then , most of the pictures are not very good , both in their original execution and in their print quality for this book . in addition , the poses are unnatural and awkward looking , and the book is filled with typos and grammatical errors . to be fair , the author does suggest some useful basics of things to do and things not to do when posing a subject , but there is really very little useful information here . so , if you 're interested in learning how to take pictures that look like a sears portrait , this may be the book for you . however , if you really want to learn some useful techniques for posing your subjects in a more natural or more artistic manner , i 'd steer clear of this book
ehrman 's work is not for a person of faith . it does not take faith into consideration . it is a wonderful research project based on limited documents available - most forged and falsified ; and none which can be validated . i read it as an immediate follow-up to his work " lost scriptures " - books that did not make it into the new testament . i was warned by my minister who is also a bible scholar and has two ph.d. 's - and my minister was correct . in lost christianities , ehrman seems to make an effort to discredit our current books of the new testament by implying that many new testament books may be false , forged , translated incorrectly , altered to serve a purpose , etc... ehrman clearly attempts to form a relationship between the new testament books to those falsified books that did not get into the new testament . ehrman 's lost christianities starts out strong , but ends weak to the point of losing and disinteresting the reader . if for nothing else , it is an attempt to test your faith , but in the end your faith will be strenghtened - if you have faith . the book leads one to believe that the author is as much a bible critic as he claims to be a scholar . he does present all sides of the new testament story and it is interesting how the new testament was formed . however , the lack of confirmed and validated documents will lead one to begin to question if ehrman is accurate or merely sensationalizing much like the media does . to save you the time and money , simply let your faith answer any questions you may have on the validity of the new testament and how came to be . ehrman and other bible critics ( ie. , the devinci code ) seem to be profiting by creating questions about the truth and validity of the new testament story . save your money and give it to your church instead . gary
i 'm a conan doyle fan and found the alienist to be a pretty good read , so i made the unfortunate mistake of buying this book in softcover without taking a gander inside . carr seems to think he can ride his reputation for 316 pages without putting much thought into whether anyone along for the trip will get some enjoyment out of it . the dialogue is flat , the plot uncompelling and carr relies on the near-endless use of exclamation points to inject some excitement ! ! ! into this tale , which left me skipping pages at a time as it neared its conclusion because i could n't bear to read the mangled sentences . this book has no climax -- just , thankfully , an ending . spend your money on something worth reading .
i had read all about fsm before picking up this book and bought it as more of a conversation piece . well , suffice to say this will never get any space with my other books as it is very poorly put together . flimsy cover , flimsy pages , it 's put together about as well as a children 's coloring book . i too was fooled by the default picture , i thought it was a nice hard cover with a bookmark ribbon like other " religious " texts . nothing could be further from the truth . hey amazon , change the default picture to the one which shows the book as is , a flimsy cover with a picture of a hard cover on it
nansook hong paints a painful picture of her marriage to hyojin moon , but she does not own up to the full truth of her parents ' machinations to get her married into the moon family . eyewitnesses tell of nansook visiting the moon household and knowing full well of hyojin 's excesses in advance of her marriage . the hongs wanted desperately for their family to be entwined with the moon family , and after arranging for one child to be wed to the first moon daughter , they pushed nansook to marry a moon son . though i do n't know all the motives , the point is that there was an agenda behind her marriage and probably this book that ms. hong has not been honest about . it is only too easy to paint an unflattering portrait of rev moon and his wife but at least some of this is suspect , given her own deceit
normally , i find it hard to put a sue grafton book down once i get started . not the case with " s " . i did not enjoy the plot about violet and her abusive husand . the main character violet was too much of a stereotype - boobs , red hair , just a boozing slut over all . i did n't get the whole thing about her brother and why he disliked her . the ending was n't clear either . i did like the development of the relationships with the young girls exposing jealousy and how it ruined relationships over several decades . most of the characters just were n't that interesting overall . i missed her interactions with rosie the restaurant owner and her neighbor , the handsome 80 year old baker henry . usually , there is an interesting man in the picture too - not here . i would vote pass on this one .
so , being a fan of all forms of literature , more specifically challenging [ faulkner ] , pretentious [ d.h. lawrence ] and original [ kafka ] works , i was surprised at how long it took me to get around to reading what 's considered pynchon 's most imporant work . important 40 years ago , perhaps , but the test of time has totally obliterated the supposed wit in this one . oh man , the radio station is kcuf , boy , that 's incredibly clever , i bet it 's , like , something spelled backwards . i fully understand what pynchon was trying to accomplish with this work , to skewer extreme right wing nut jobs , among other things , all while giving us a story with no particular plot , no moral , no message . i can understand it , but it does n't mean it 's worth my time , i did n't even finish it . i read about half and then just dropped it to the floor . i 've read in numerous reviews of haruki murakami 's work that he 's a latter day , japanese , pynchon . i do n't agree , murakami 's ability to create a surreal dream-like atmosphere is amazing , pynchon is a hack
this smugly-edited series has become a dreary example of careerist nepotism and features mainly short stories with linebreaks and jokey poems that are not funny . some choice awful lines :  denise duhamel : " do n't give into your cravings , you need to stay lean / so you can lift up your skirt as you prance and twirl... "  kim addonizio : " better dead then fed . / he who laughs will not last . / sticks and stones will break you , "  thomas lux : " that the eyes be gouged out / and replaced by hot coals / in the head , _the blockhead_,/ of each countrymen or woman who , / upon reaching their majority , / has yet to read moby dick... "  most of the poems herein , besides franz wright and paul violi among a scattered few , would have been better off as just titles than full poems . the big name poets featured have generally written better poems , the younger poets all seem to have some connection to the new school . it 's incredibly disappointing : the best american poetry 2006 could have been so much more . instead , * it 's * a joke
i thought this book was going to be a great legal thriller , but little did i know that it would turn out to be the worst book i have ever read . i expected a lot more out of scott turow , who wrote " one l " , which i loved , but this book was plan boring . the begining started out slow and it never picked up from there ! the worst legal thriller , ever
from about the second page of this book , i was shaking my head in disbelief that anyone would publish it . the characters and their relationships are so poorly developed you are left with a blur of images lacking connection to one another . add to that the stereotypical characters ( the men are all violent and lusting either for girls or boys , the women are all " large-assed " or fat with the exception of ella ) . and the gratuitous sentence or two at the end of each section about various characters ' sexual proclivities was so completely dumb , not to mention kind of repulsive ( i like a good sex scene as much as the next person , but tuck 's descriptions are completely banal ) . oh wait , there 's more . the spanish is atrocious . it 's hard to believe that tuck had a translator for this book . it 's pretty clear that whoever copy edited it neither reads nor writes nor speaks spanish . half the names are grammatically incorrect . many of the words are just plain wrong ( " vita " means life in italian , not spanish , for starters ) . i felt embarrased for the author . does she know that her book is full of errors ? the one word that comes to mind when thinking about this book is : shallow . i sincerely hope that readers do n't mistake this book for historical fiction . the author clearly knows little about paraguay and its people and history , and clearly does n't care , from her superficial treatment of it .
i was disappointed after this book was suggested to me . nothing ever happens . there are a lot of long winded descriptions and background and very little story
i agree with another reviewer who said the book was unnecessarily long . genetic algorithms are a great programming tool , and there are some tips and tricks that can help your programs converge faster and more accurately , but this book had a lot of redundant information . if you are interested in using ga for solution-finding , i doubt you 'll find much useful in this book beyond the first chapter or so . many of the examples later in the book were so specific that i could n't see how they could be usefully generalized . really optimizing a ga approach for a specific problem domain takes a fair amount of tuning , and this book wo n't help much with that . i think time spent surfing siteseer or other publication sites would be better spent than reading this book .
i agree completely with the becksted review ( i also noted that it was helpful , but i meant it would have been helpful had i read it before i bought the cd ) . this refers to the cd version . i did listen all the way to the end , i kept thinking there was going to be something , but continued to be disappointed . i found the analogizes to be strained beyond usefulness ( evaluating someone 's integrity by the size and shape of the wake they create... are their people waterskiing on it ? )  it seems to be politically incorrect to come out in opposition to " integrity " in this day and age , but frankly this book did n't help me much .
yes , it was intended as a " fun " read ( literature of the absurd ? ) and it did evoke several chuckles , especially at the first . but as literature ( read into that word what you will ) it 's an abysmal failure . crammed with so many jokes , puns , outrageous and over the top dialogue and downright stupid action , one 's interest is eventually diverted from the story to the catchy devices . it 's a case where you ca n't see the forest for all the intervening trees . i had expected a " straight " tale similar to the alienist . then when i discovered it was a humorous take on the police procedural i perked up . it was only after the 100th hyperbole and cutesy 20th century reference that i grew weary of the whole thing . toward the end it descended into caricature . what 's sad is that the idea was a good one - maybe the author should stick to snl and the visual media . in fact , the book seemed very visual , almost as if the author were transcribing a snl skit
i 've read most of the books written by greg iles . i liked them all except dead sleep , which by the way was much better than this one ! anyway , despite dead sleep , if i see a book by this author i have n't read yet i 'd grab them right away without further thinking because i enjoyed the rest of his work very much . so , when i bought sleep no more i was prepared to stay up all night because i was certain it would be thrilling . wrong ! the whole mallory/eve/cole/etc thing is just not believable at all even though i set my memory and imagination open as the author suggests . i still laugh when i think of the explanation of how mallory gets into another person ( she has to have sex and have a mindblowing orgasm ) . i should give greg iles some credit for this idea , a stupid one , but creative nonetheless . as for the characters , i was so appalled by the paranormal plot that i could n't care less about any of them . i read the quiet game and liked it , but the appearance of penn cage was just so blah because he 's like a cameo in this book and did n't have a character development nor adds anything to this book . in conclusion , i would not recommend this , especially to those who liked other books by greg iles . nevertheless , i 'm going to continue to purchase other books by him because i enjoyed his other works very much and strongly believe he is one of the best fiction writers .
this book tries to convince non-christian skeptics but seems to spend too much time justifying orthodox perceptions and concepts of prayer and liturgy , without addressing fundamental objections
this book is poorly written . although it is one of the most update-to-date versions out ther , it seems muddled and repetitive . i was surprised at the number of grammatical mistakes and errors . clearly little time was spent editing this book . i 'm not sure how it got to be a new york times bestseller , outside of the fact that it is related to harry potter . i 'd advise going with a different biography
by focusing primarily on the history of the swimsuit pollard 's book does not address the larger issue of modesty in public dress as effectively as he might . and while the history of fashion sheds light on fashion , ( i.e . swimsuits have observably become skimpier over a century ) pollard can offer no explanation except the caving in of christian virtue . this is basically saying christians have lost a culture war without explaining why . while the initial exposition on what the parameters of christian modesty mean pollard provides no application for what a suitable example of christian modesty would be . furthermore , when push comes to shove he refers to the westminster larger catechism for application rather than sticking to the biblical principles he espoused . some of his cases are self-defeating . on one hand he notes that garments in biblical periods could be sleeveless and then states that the inexorable decline of swimwear in the west into sluttiness really began when sleeveless swimwear appeared in the mid-19th century . props for giving the topic serious consideration but as an exegetical study it is still wanting . on the other hand , it 's cheap so if you 're not persuaded the research has been effective it wo n't cost you much
hunt this book down . read " the bet " ( pp . 131-134 ) . put this book down . leave the store satisified knowing that you have read the only humorous story in this collection . sure you could read some other stories in the book , but they 're so terribly unfunny that you will invariably come to hate yourself and everyone around you for being in a store that carries this dreadful book . the only way these stories could possibly be funny is if they were somehow adapted for a series of snl skits , in which mcsweeney 's unfunniness were somehow reversed by the lens of snl 's unfunniness . come to think of it , this book is just as awful as snl , except that you ca n't change the channel . you 're just stuck there on the subway wishing you 'd picked up that am metro , desperately trying the read the wall street journal ( or even the daily news ) over the shoulder of the person next to you . anything - just anything - to avoid the tears of boredom that come from reading this garbage . so , if you like late-model snl and you can read , you may like this . but i doubt it
personally i found this book to be little more than a gre verbal refresher course . sure , it is objective and balanced but so impassionate that such a contentious issue seems like nothing . i think you can strip away emotion from a social problem so much that it creates the question of , well , then , does this really matter ? in my opinion i feel this is what the author has done . i was really disappointed in this book
this book may be as well called " the chicken soup for the writing-it-down souls " . the author illustrates her points by telling many uplifting stories . however , if you are a self-help reader like me who is used to david allen 's " getting things done " , you may find that storytelling is distracting and not as convincing as it can
the book claims to help you :  1 . say goodbye to aching joints , sagging skin and fatigue 2 . improve the quality and function of the genetic material in your cells 3 . ramp up your body 's self-repair functions 4 . increase your stamina , endurance and sex drive 5 . dramatically improve your resistance to disease , including cancers 6 . have more youthful , radiant skin  you do n't need to be a cynic to be able to tell that the claims are all inflated . sure , you 'll see some improvement if you have been leading a very unhealthy lifestyle , but for those of us who are already exercising regularly and eating a relatively healthy diet , some of the tips on progressing further to " genetic repair " will sound a bit too good to be true . in fact , most of the advice and recommendations given in the book are not very different from that found in many other books on nutrition and supplement . the authors just gave all the info a " dna twist " . i stopped reading the book a few chapters from the end when it begins to talk about hormonal supplementation and some glowing testimonial on the author 's services . all " natural " ? no side effects ? how long have the subjects been followed up and how long have physicians really practised hormonal therapy on otherwise healthy individuals ? the results may be real , but how safe is it for the rest of subject 's life ? sounds like another one of those practice-promoting books in this genre . disappointing
to anyone who has or is planning on reading this book , consider this . this book has a lot of words which feel good and can make anyone 's guilty conscience ease in thinking that " your own will is god 's own will . " ( quoted from walsh 's books ) if you will it , then god wills it because he loves you and wants you to live in freedom , right ? will is a precursor to action . if there is no such this an a 'right ' or 'wrong ' will , then in essence there is really no such thing as a 'right ' or 'wrong ' action . if someone else 's actions hurt you , you feel that action is wrong . but the person who hurt you certainly had his feelings for acting that way , right ? it was his will , therefore he was justified and right and god 's right there to back him up . the victim is suffering . where is his god when he needs him ? was the victim correct in believing the action wrong ? was the perpetrator correct in believing his action was right ? in this book , god says that we have the authority to decide what is right or wrong . the action is both right and wrong , right ? wrong . this is when you may want to take a look at the bible . the bible portrays god as a loving yet holy god . holy is defined as exalted or worthy of complete devotion as one perfect in goodness and righteousness . he loves us but sees a real and distinct right and wrong as clear as day where sometimes it appears to be a tangled mass to our limited senses . he created us and gave us a conscience which can in most cases discern a right and wrong in a situation . he gave us a free will which allows us to then choose that right or wrong . are we always going to do the right thing ? no , and he knows that . when we do wrong thing , it is unhealthy at best to believe that doing wrong is the right thing to do because we desire it . we 're not god . we do wrong all the time and god simply wants us to acknowledge this . he wants us to exercise our freewill to do right according to our conscience and what 's told in his book . but he knows that even still we will do wrong when attempting in good faith to do right . and that is why in a generous act of sacrificing love he sent his son jesus christ to show us the way , sacrifice himself on the cross for our wrongs , and be there still today to forgive our wrongs when we believe in him and in the truly amazing thing he did for us . it 's a beautiful thing ! i urge you to believe that the holy bible is not a lie and jesus christ simply did the things the book said he did and is the person he claimed to be . 11 disciples took everything they said and wrote to their grave and never recanted even after much persecution . wow ! i 've been a believer in christ for almost seven years and he 's continued to worked wonders in my life . i would have been a fan of these books if god had not put me on his path . in case you 're wondering , i gave this book 2 stars because it has reinforced my faith in christ by giving a glaring example of what god is not . if you 've read through all of this , thank you . i encourage you to write me . god bless !
my almost-6 year old daughter was diagnosed with autism at age 2 and we took a multi-pronged approach , including things like supplements , a gfcf diet , and ot/pt/speech . after a year on the gfcf diet and many specialized supplements and no change in behaviors , we went back to a normal diet with standard vitamin supplements and continued her behavioral therapies . our close friends ' daughter , now age 4 and also diagnosed with autism , took a similar approach , but even more strict , following the dan protocol as well as the recommendations of this book , including chelation , a dizzying array of supplements , gfcf diet , ot/pt/speech , aba , etc . while our child has made tremenous advances , or friends ' child has not , beyond minor advances related to her age--at 4 , she is still non-verbal , far from potty trained , exhibits many repetitive behaviors , and needs constant verbal and visual cues for the simplest tasks . the point i am trying to make is that every child is different and no one , no one has shown that one course of therapy cures or even convincingly improves a significant percentage of children with autism . autism , as most of you likely know well , is a catch-all term . our friends ' daughter no doubt has a very different kind of pathology than ours . i have yet to really see a book or study address that fact first and foremost before offering a course of action , rather than immediately launching into predictions of one " cure " for a broad range of issues . while i do think some of what the author recommends can be helpful ( and it really may offer a tremendous help for some children with autism ) , some of the therapies ( like chelation ) can be very dangerous--in fact , i have yet to see one of the many families who tried chelation therapy see * any * improvement in their child 's symptoms . i have seen more success with gfcf diets ( for a small percentage of children ) , but the greatest success seems to come with comprehensive behavioral therapy . i certainly understand where families are coming from--i have been there myself , but treating your child like a guinea pig and attempting to " cure " them with multiple substances that have had very little study/peer review in a desperate frenzy of worry is both dangerous to their bodies and destructive to their emotions . as with anything , balance is your approach will serve you and your child well .
do n't buy this book , no substance only good for sale
.... you can get all three of these wacky books in one neat volume ! does n't this hurt the bottom line at hagee ministries ? what , has the pool of his mesmerized followers begun to dry up ? it reminds me of when the band , kiss ( aka kings in satan 's service ) re-packaged their first three albums as " the originals . " at least in that case you had an extra track of " rock and roll all nite " , assuming you already had the album " dressed to kill . " on the other hand , maybe hagee ministries was using the kiss model , assuming that it would n't hurt to have his drivel repeated in one handy , compact volume of fear
i 'm perhaps the only steinbeck lover not to have yet read " grapes of wrath " or " east of eden . " instead i have focused on " of mice and men " and his lesser known works , such as " to a god unknown " and , my personal favorite , " pastures of heaven . " i 've been enamored with his ability to vividly craft characters in particular . when i began reading " in dubious battle , " it appeared the most engaging of all steinbeck 's work . telling the story of american communist party workers jim and mac , it begins with the story of hardscrabble jim initiating himself into mac 's radical cell . there is a great ( and misleading ) sense of intrigue - mac and jim travel by boxcar , work secretly through letters , go from secret contact to contact and finally arrive among disgruntled orchard workers . early on , the pace is fast , exciting , and engaging . suddenly , steinbeck simply fails to deliver , leaving the reader wondering when he 's going to pick up the pace again . after jim and mac slowly initiate a worker 's strike , i expected the sense of excitement to continue . it simply never does . summary of " in dubious battle " - workers get mad . workers get tired . workers get mad . workers get tired . workers get mad . workers get tired . the rest of the book mostly concerns jim and mac talking - and talking - and talking - and talking . and while their philosophical chats are mildly interesting at first , they simply repeat themselves for the rest of the book . most of the action takes place in the dark or far away from the narration , and most of the story simply concerns the strikers bickering over petty nonsense.. .  ...and eating . steinbeck must have been peckish while writing this story , because at least a good 25 % of the story concerns finding , eating , and ( worst of all ) talking about food . there is plenty of action that steinbeck could have shown during the story , but for some reason he prefers to focus on jim and mac endlessly walking from tent to tent in their encampment , discussing whatever comes to mind . steinbeck 's sense of intrigue and social injustice is worth reading the first few chapters . but i advise any reader of " in dubious battle " to take this course - after the strike is initiated , simply set the book down . you wo n't miss anything . nothing of great import happens , and only a very few memorable characters ever surface , and they are lost among the sea of forgettable faces . i suppose now i 'll give " grapes of wrath " a go . perhaps if it is n't one of his " greats , " it is n't worth reading
this is the sort of book you get when an author writes on a subject with which he has only a passing familiarity , and lacks the confidence that the subject matter is inherently interesting enough to hold the reader 's attention . the result is a book that is ultimately unsatisfying . one symptom of the problems described above is that large portions are devoted to subjects other than money . for example , the author uses the first three pages after the introduction to describe aztec ritual sacrifice in literally gory detail before proceeding on to the use of cocao beans as commodity money . i think that 's meant to be what they used to call in show business a " grabber , " but for the reader expecting to learn about money , it 's a distraction . another problem is that the author 's grasp of modern economics is shaky at best , and especially in the latter part of the book , he 'll make a point and then repeat himself , much as an undergraduate trying to extend the length of a term paper that 's run a few pages short . and yet , there 's also some interesting and oddly convincing tidbits of information here . the author states that l. frank baum 's 1900 book " the wizard of oz " is really a parable about the need for a bimetallic dollar based on both gold and silver . but even as it strikes you that this is an interesting bit of trivia , you realize that it 's only a bit of trivia and has little larger significance . if you 're looking for a economic history of money , you should look elsewhere . if you 're interested in the cultural and sociological impact of money , this may be more to your liking , though i think it still falls short .
when i traveled in japan with a friend , this was the book we brought with us . within a week we were at a foriegn language bookstore in tokyo looking for a better one . there are some things this guide does quite well -- it helped us out finding reasonably priced places to stay throughout the country , and the advice to get a jr pass was invaluable . however , the book has a very negative , immature view of japan as a country and travel in general . it seems to be written by bitter expatriates with a fascination with gaijin bars and the sex trade . did i pay $ 1200 for plane tickets to go drink with americans ? the authors express a bias against culturally interesting sites , ancient and modern , that borders on the anti-intellectual . the cultural notes are dated , inaccurate , and shallow . after a while , we began to think , " if lonely planet does n't recommend it , it 's probably interesting . " the maps , as many have mentioned , are almost useless . ironically for a series which fetishizes getting off the beaten path , it 's practically useless once you get out of the main tourist areas . there are much better guides available . this entry has sworn me off the lp series for life .
this is a fairly helpful book for those born before the '70s-- a time when " a yarn " was n't an archaic term . does it give some helpful hints ? sure , there 's the obvious ones like show do n't tell and all characters have free will . but fiction has changed a lot since henry james ( thankfully ) , and this book might be better left unread . plus , i do n't buy the " only people who are n't well-read do n't like it " argument . i 've read nearly all the books mentioned and i still wish i never bought this book
i usually read stephen king for his interesting ideas and imagery and expect his books to read fast and well . i 've read three previous king books that have had the occasional long passages with overstated depictions of horror , doom , and grotesquery in order to immerse his readers into the tone of his story . this one takes the cake because what is meant to read as terror and horror is really ridiculous and unimaginative . and this is exactly what " insomnia " is . this is n't a spoiler , just the author 's note : at the end of the book we read sep. 10 , 1990- nov 10 , 1993- three years in which king took to write this book . three years which were evidently wasted . the other king books i 've read were engrossing for their characterizations and character identification . " insomnia 's " ralph roberts is certainly a character the reader could identify with . he is strong , kind , has traditional gentlemanly views on aiding women in distress and regards them as beautiful and respectable . his counterpart lois chasse does n't come across as identifiable . instead she serves as a secondary character who has no real flair or identity other than being in love with ralph . king does n't usually do that with his secondary characters . other characters with much smaller roles in this book come across as real and identifiable , like ed and helen deepenau , the three bald doctors , and ralph 's numerous confidantes . then there 's the whole abortion mess . this central political issue crumbles midway thru and seems to serve no purpose at all in the story . though king does provide an interesting and seemingly objective commentary on the issue via detective leydecker ( albeit with a tranparently pro-choice slant ) , it serves no relevance to the theme of the story but just hangs there on display used for no more than a story device . i gave the book two stars because i am an inspiring writer and reading this provided me with some of the devices that are important to utilize as part of a writer 's arsenal . the devices were obvious and all thru the reading i asked myself , 'how is king going to get through this ? ' his weapon of choice was most often ralph robert 's narration ( via third person ) that analyzed the events of the story and interpreted its meaning and significance . it seemed whenever king was in trouble in the story , he would use ralph as his solution and let him think it out and guide it for him . this is a useful tool for a beginning writer , but king used it as a crutch to tell a story that had no pulse from the beginning . one last thing , the villians just do n't work . they are not frightening , they are not demonic , they are not vicious or malign . three little bald doctors with scalpels and scissors ? their defining characteristics are being small and bald- does that really frighten anyone ? the real villian among them dances around and jump ropes to reveal his evil madness . then there 's the crimson king , the evil supernatural mastermind we read about from page 100 who finally enters the story on page 550 as a catfish in one of the most terrible , anti-climactic scenes ever rendered . i rest my case .
while easy enough to read , if the exact same pages were enclosed in a harlequin romance cover , i would n't know the difference . i 'm extremely surprised this is a " best seller " . maybe i should take up writing because i ca n't possibly be worse than this . ok , it 's a good enough story but wow , it 's predictible and boring . i read it completely in 2 days , and i 'm a reader that savors pages so it takes me a while . i was n't intrigued , i was n't on the edge of my seat , and did n't shed a tear
maybe it was me , but i kept wanting this book to work and it just never grabbed me and i had to put it down . it was almost aggravating
steer clear of this one - criticizing others for lack of original thought or a consistent viewpoint , while virtually copying their cover ( not to mention riding the wave of their unique concept ) illustrates the weak and timid position assumed by this author . please achieve your own significance , not bashing others popular and widely accepted readership . as christians , we are obviously aware of varying theories on end-times . to even slightly indicate we are not aware indicates the authors pompous platform . so sad his approach could n't be based on his own original work
i was very excited about receiving this book , by the way big upps to lupo997 for getting my book to me in a timely fashion . after reviewing the book further i realized it was like touched by an angel , and i do n't like that show at all , but i decided to read it anyway cause it looked good . that was a mistake , the character 's were two dimensional and truly unbelieveable . in the first story - rainmaker - the professor was sooo in love with hailey he did n't care about getting killed or putting his own child 's life in danger - come on now . he would rather see his blind daughter killed for this woman he barely knows . i did n't even read the second story , maybe i 'll come back to that . the third story was totally ridiculous as well . paris is so sick of russell - he does n't have a job , money and no ambition , yet she stays with him . he cheats on her , she has the broads up in her house and sells them mary kay ! ! yet she stays with him . he has given her an std ! ! ! she stays with him ! ! ! she does n't even like making love to him . during all of this nonsense her fi-one boss is pushing up on her , and she resists . she wo n't cheat on her man . what ! ! ! ! if you like reading fairy tales then this is the book for you . for everyone else who likes a little believable drama in their fiction - do not get this book !
bought this book hoping for a comprehensive resource of information on hiring a nanny . boy were we disappointed . as was mentioned in another post - the book is nothing more than a glorified outline , and half of the book is copies of the forms that are on the disk , which forms by the way are in .pdf form and are not even fillable .
i found this book to be full of silly metaphors ( as if that 's the only way we could relate to dr. twerski ) . it just did n't get me the information i needed . perhaps others would find it motivational
this books seems interesting until you learn ( within a few pages ) that the author forbids masturbation at any time and basically sees sex as a crude animal instinct . if you 're a big bill bennett fan you might enjoy this , but for those inerested in developing a little more restraint while still participating to some small degree in modernity , look elsewhere . btw , mr. o'reilly , the world is not a more brutish place than ever before . sad , to say , it 's almost certainly less so .
i agree with a previous reviewer who found fault with the way the story was told . there is no excitement in describing the stages . they are just wrapped up all of a sudden . to me , it did not seem like the author did many interviews of his own . it seems like he just watched the tour de france and retold what he saw on the broadcast . his supposed " back-stories " which should be really interesting , all seem like a recap of the mini segments during the tour broadcast that let you know more about the participants . there is just nothing that reaches out and grabs you , and makes you want to keep reading . i finally quit it after the poor description of the day in the pyrenees . that is one of the most exciting stages of the race , and the narrative was so wooden
i 'll be the first to admit that i 'm biased based on my expectations from shaara 's father 's great book , the killer angels . it is not fair to compare the two , but because reading the father 's book lead me to buy this one , i thought i should mention it . this book does not contain nearly the details and intimancies of the father 's book . it is not surprising since this one covers a much longer time frame than the battle of gettysburg , so shaara has less pages to devote to each person and battle . but the result is a less satisfying book . it skims rather than digs deep
trash sells and this is the definition of trash . unfortunately many readers see this as history instead of fiction . shaara who may have had a ghost writer obviously never visited a manuscipt library to do research . readers should stick to reading the history of these events done by people who know how to research and how to write
i have read all of the scarpetta novels through the last precinct , and i have never wanted hours of my life back as i did when i finished the last precinct . cornwell tried to go in a new direction with her writing , and it failed . if kay scarpetta was a fortune teller , this book may have been alright.. . what i mean by that is , in at least 2-3 separate occassions in this book , kay says " i had a feeling i knew exactly what [ so in so was going to say/do to me... " really kay ? out of absolutely nowhere , you just believe that the unusual way marino has been acting is due to the fact that you are going to be prosecuted by a special grand jury for homicide even though nothing led up to your supposed " revelation . " you are truly impressive . reading this book makes me want to steer clear of blowfly and trace , but then again , maybe cornwell read some reviews and saw that she had to shape up . this book really ticked me off and i would n't recommend it to an enemy
how some people gave this book a five star review is way beyond me . first of all , i 'd just like to mention that this nice book gives you schematic diagrams using symbols and other things without explaining them first ! secondly , if you want to understand electronics it can only be assumed that you want to understand the physics behind it ! this book dedicates about a sentence to a paragraph to physics for each section . horrible ! so basically , this introduction to electronics does n't do a lot of introducing you to anything ! i 'm on transistors right now , and i 've spent days researching the physics of how they work on the internet , and guess what ? it 's using schematics i do n't understand , and yet again i 'm going to have to do more looking on the net . this book is not worth it . do n't buy it ! just please , for your own sake , find another one . also , half the book is dedicated to projects . that is , actually building electronic circuits ! why did n't the author just entitle this , " how to build electronic devices " , then ? it 's beyond me ! as far as explaining things are concerned , the book does very little , and assume you know more than you do . unfortunately i 'm going to have to end up buying another electronics textbook , because this one is just horrible . i was really wanting to learn something from this book , but it 's just not happening . for every chapter i 've read on this book i 've had to do research on the net , and i 'm sick of it . i 'm on pg . 154 , and i 'm closing it . do not buy this book ! i 've already found a better book on amazon.com ( just buy reading the table of contents ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ) and i 'm going to get it !
this book is by far the worst proofed book i 've ever read in my life . i ca n't believe i 'm writing this as a review , because i can normally overlook a few typos . however , the typos in this book make for an almost impossible read . i ca n't believe i paid money for it
i do n't own this book nor have i read it , but if that first sentence is any indication of the quality of writing , i wo n't ever . it is not a sentence . one would think you would save your non-sentences for someplace else in a book , not start off with one , giving your readers the impression that you are all hat and no cattle before you even make your points
this book is full of excuses and manipulated data that ignores the ultimate moral responsibility of a society . we can correlate joblessness with the number of innercity households that contain black ink pens if we want to . while wilson presents an argument in an attempt to educate , his words are slanted in such a way that we are left feeling " sorry for them "
i am an avid reader and have never once submitted a book review . however , after reading botox diaries , i felt compelled to write and warn you all that this book is dull , trite , and disjointed . i love my " chick-lit " books , but botox diaries is a disgrace to this genre . the plot is weak and unrealistic ( even in light of the suspended disbelief one normally affords " lite & fun " books ) . the plot is also disjointed , perhaps because two authors co-wrote this book . the characters are shallow and excruciatingly dull . botox diaries is absolutely the worst book i have ever read . -- december 2005 update : my friend insisted on reading this book ( ugh...despite my warnings ! ) . even though she was stuck in the airport for eight hours , she still could n't bear to finish the book , because she found it so dull . she actually left it , half-read , at the airport
this is perhaps the most disappointing king book i have ever read ( and considering that i have read " desperation " and " insomnia " that is saying a lot ) . the storyline was okay until the author lost me by inserting himself into the story . i have no problem with characters from other stories popping up but for the author to become a character was over the top . the only thing i found interesting about king as a character was the diaries that appear as the last chapter of the book . i thought this was a blatant attempt to market his other books by having them referenced throughout the book . i would guess that anybody that reaches song of susannah has read is a faithful reader of king and does not need to be reminded of all his previous works ( which as of late have been bad with the exception of " the green mile : hey , steve , if i wanted to read an infomercial i 'll read my junk mail . i can not wait to read the last dark tower book so i can be put out of my misery
of all the textbooks i 've had , from elementary school through graduate school , this is easily the worst one i 've ever had , for any course . first of all , the authors so redundantly use the word " whilst " and the phrase " rules of the game " that it really gets on your nerves . my classmates all agree with me on this point . second , speaking of getting on your nerves , half of what these authors say is , " ...as we talked about in the previous chapter " or " as we 'll talk about in the next chapter " . there is so much redundant language in this book that it really could be condensed to about 25 % of its size , and hell , it probably could simply be a chapter in the text for some other course . third , the authors should win a pulitzer prize for flowery language . they seem more interested in impressing me than educating me . their sentences are far too long . they do n't know the meaning of clear and concise , and i think they should all go back to english composition 101 . they 'd be great politicians , because never have i heard anyone say so much and yet say so little....over and over and over again . the book is a like an inflated academic paper...and it 's boring . if ever a topic begged for a case-study approach , it 's this one , and this book is not the answer . save your money , and beg your instructor not to use this text .
after reading the first book * ( which was catastropha ) and reading the second which was really good , i thought that the series is taking off , i was mistaken , the third book is slow , and boring , you can see very well that stephan king has no idea what so ever where he is going to take that series  nothing much is happening , and while the second book introduce some interesting ideas , the third book just go to the ordinary adventure that you can find ( and better written as well ) in dragon lance series , or other adventure books , also many ideas that were in this book already appear in many king books ,  reading reviews of manuy users on the fourth book , which some say is very boring i guess this is where the adventure end for me. .
have you ever met a person where every single thing that happens to them is a spiritual awakening ? the kind of person that ca n't go to the bathroom without making some sort of journal entry of the new vistas they discovered ? well that is the kind of mentality you get with this book . you ca n't simply look at a sunset and be in awe of nature or god . no you need to relate to it and make it a part of you . i am avery spiritual person and love traveling . i have traveled all over the world and feel complete when i do so . reading this book did the one thing i never thought was possible , it put me off of traveling . fortunately , the feeling passed quickly . i will not make little travel shrines . i will not take little spiritual trips across my living room . i will not follow this persons advice . and this book is going nowhere near my rucksack . sorry , i am too stoic for this book . i would recommend people read books about the places they want to go . learn their culture and a little bit of their language . do n't worry about the trip just go on it . my passport is the only material possession i truly value .
to me .this book was definately not one of the best in the series.i admire the kristina,but this book was slow and dull.it was practiacally all about the politics of sweden.very dull
i 'm not a fan of mysteries to begin with . however , my public library has a limited selection of audio books , so i take what i can get . i am a voracious reader , and i listen to audios to get more " reading " in , as you can listen and do other things . i much prefer the lillian jackson braun " cat " books , at least there is some humor , and i like the " mystery " part of these books better than deaver 's . sorry to all the deaver fan 's out there...i have enjoyed a few of his books , but i get tired of the " same ole-same ole "
i admit i was impressed by the table of contents of this book , and i admit i had no previous experience with the subject , but sure with the 'real life ' of support services for a database company . most of the book is devoted to review commercial software available on the market and for me , this is just enough to be dissapointed . there are better commercial magazines or even websites can provide you this information for free.. . although some formulas and templates looks very interesting ( that 's why 2 stars ) , maybe should you consider a help desk book instead
like most critics of objectivism , mr. walker focuses his criticism on ayn rand 's frailties and idiosyncrasies rather than the principles of the philosophy she founded . my disappointment in his book was immediate and i have to say it 's as unoriginal a piece of writing as any other critic i 've read . his cynicism drips from almost every sentence and his contempt for all things objectivism is obvious to anyone who takes ideas seriously . i can not recommend this book even to those interested in contrasting views of her approach to philosophy ; this book was written for those of like mind to the author...whatever mind they can be said to have . the body and scope of work done by objectivist scholars who 've never met ayn rand now ellipses her work - both fiction and non-fiction - and the work of her original core of thinkers . to characterize the movement as a cult may have had some validity in the years prior to her death , but only in the most remote sense of the word . right now the ranks of objectivism are swelling with intelligent people who differ in background and in opinion . mr. walker 's principle mistake is looking at objectivism as something that was born exclusively from the mind of ayn rand...something miss rand herself would disagree with . objectivism is the logical continuation of a line of thought that views mankind as a reasoning animal...a line that extends back through history and begins ( explicitly ) with aristotle . those ( like mr. walker ) who dismiss it on the basis of miss rand 's personality and the culture of people that grew around her in her lifetime are truly missing an opportunity to enlighten themselves . there is no doubt ayn rand is a polarizing figure ; my advice to those inclined to read mr. walker 's book is to read miss rand 's books as well . particularly her non-fiction . i 'm not a real big fan of her novels or fiction in general - it was rand 's non-fiction works that first inspired me to study her philosophy - so my first suggestion would be " philosophy : who needs it . " i enjoyed her novels , but i enjoyed her non-fiction more
i would normally not read barbara taylor bradford but my boyfriends ' mom gave it to me as part of a present , so i said what the heck , i 'll try it . just as disappointing as i 'd expected . light , uninteresting , and with no real plot or ending . as for the historical pages , read catherine cookson instead . i may go back and listen to a woman of substance only because other reviewers seemed to have enjoyed it . but this sequel was too into clothes and the finer things , and full of too-successful , too-beautiful men and women . not believable .
this was n't such a bad novel , and i kind of enjoyed it . not great , but easy to read and the story chugs along briskly . however , the ending really killed it for me . it 's too unnecessarily long . once the major conflict is resolved , the story is over and yet we must hear a treatise on what it means to be a faerie and the price paid and the virtue of love and heroism and blah blah blah . i wish i 'd just put the book down after the rain because i would 've left with a feeling of at least entertainment . but after reading on and realizing that there were no further complications , only pages of explanations , i just lost much of my enthusiasm for the book . would 've been three stars if it 'd just known when to end
hi , i have used this book among others to get accepted to mckinsey ( and with success ) and i think this book gave me less then others . the advantages are the more or less detailed frameworks chapter and the real-life interviews chapter , but the cases themselves are rather superficial and sometimes even obviously ridiculous ( like for example the case in which a star-trek like omnipotent people transporter has been invented , and the book claims that it would n't replace cars because it costs 100,000 $ . come on , they would buy one for every block ) . i think there are much better resources than this . good luck with your interviews
timothy garton ash 's book the file was very provocative and interesting . i thoroughly enjoyed reading the personal experience of one man who happened to be in east berlin before unification and then was able to see his file afterwards . however , i am a bit disillusioned . the story interests me but garton ash really does n't say anything ! i am disappointed that he so poignantly and blatantly pokes at communism and a totalitarian state . and yet he does not back it up . the book is good under the premise of democracy good , communism bad . it feels like he is just pooling for support . and nobody knew the wall was going to &quot ; fall&quot ; when it did . i know of many professors who were writing books critiquing communism who had to throw out their text because of the abrupt fall of communism . i 'm wondering if this book is just a way to cash in an unexpected event . i am dissappointed . maybe i just do n't know enough of garton ash but if this is the case , i should not have to feel the need to know his history before reading the book . the book had some good points and kept me entertained but on the whole did n't do anything for me . peace
petra of all places . supernatural protection , persecution , on ad naseum . the one drug on , and on , and on , and on ..... . same tired story , persecution by carpathia a lame attempt at evil incarnate and his lackies . sorry. . i think the series denegrates christianity rather then exalting it . i 've read all 12 and found it morose and condemning . the opposite of how i view christianity is .
this is a very famous and a very influential book . this was not the first time i checked the book out of the library but i now know much more about antidepressants and the related issues than i did when i first became familiar with kramer 's book . what i found on my quick survey of the book this time amazed me . this is not a book supported by research . it is a book of stories . the stories , one after the other , are about kramer 's patients ( kramer is a psychiatrist ) and how taking prozac dramatically transformed lives overnight . consider these four examples . 1 . sam : " sam not only recovered from his depression , he declared himself better than well . he felt unencumbered , more vitally alive , less pessimistic . now he could complete projects in one draft , whereas before he sketched and sketched again . his memory was more reliable , his concentration keener . his memory was more reliable , his concentration keener . every aspect of his work went more smoothly . he appeared more poised , more thoughtful , less distracted . he was able to speak at professional gatherings without notes . ( page x . ) 2 . sally : after four months on prozac , she looked brighter , calmer , self-assured , in control of herself . the most important effect of the medication , sally felt was that it cleared her head...after ten months...she negotiated a small promotion and pay raise at a time when the bank was cutting back staff...more remarkable was the change to her private life . she started going to dances... ( page 147 . ) 3 . william m : the patient 's low self-esteem , which had been present since his earliest childhood , began to disappear...on medication william m. experienced a sense of self-worth superior to any he had felt before . ( page 203 . ) 4 . ms. b : for the first time in her memory she felt perfectly relaxed and happy sitting at home reading books or listening to music and felt less of the free-floating anxiety that was previously quelled by going out...off prozac , ms. b. bar-hopped in search of men . prozac moderated her sense of aloneness and allowed her to enjoy a variety of social settings . dozens of other examples could be cited . the point is , this is essentially the book . it is a book which convinces the reader of the almost magic power of prozac by sharing stories like these . what is disturbing is that i now know the truth . research investigations have found that the power of antidepressants has increased dramatically . they are now more effective because our belief in the power of a pill to cure social shyness , anxiety , depression , and a bad temper has increased dramatically . we have come to believe , as kramer puts it , " biology is destiny " ( page xiv ) . no where does kramer explain that the longest of the clinical trial used to get approval of prozac to market was only 8 weeks long . no where does he share that a tranquilizer was given to study subjects and the other tricks used to make the effectiveness of the drug appear greater than it really is . the dangers of long-term use ( diabetes , parkinson 's disease , permanent muscle jerking , etc . ) are never discussed . ( of course , these problems were still unknown when kramer wrote . ) see timothy scott 's wonderful , and unlike kramer 's book , carefully documented book america fooled : the truth about antidepressants , antipsychotics , and how we 've been fooled to find the dangers as well as what does bring good mental health . yes , this book has been influential . thus , kramer bears some of the responsibilty for the myth surrounding antidepressants . ( they do not work as well as exercise even--numerous studies . ) it 's funny how , as our knowledge grows , a great book beomes a harmful book , but it is just that .
i work in a school library and as a cat lover am always seeking out the cat books . this one caught my eye and i was expecting something wonderful . i found the story to be hopeless and defeating . how sad the only comfort the father has to offer is composting tips and the last memory the child has to hold is that of a decomposing cat . i 'm no censor , but two thumbs way down . also , if you are looking for something wonderful for pet loss , try cynthia rylant 's , cat heaven
i read a is for alphabet years ago and did not get pulled into the series . years later i read s is for silence and was hooked . i started to read the series--backwards at first and then jumped to the beginning . i have really enjoyed the books and felt a connection to the heroine ( and forgiven ms. grafton for making her weigh 118 lbs on her 5'6 " frame ) . however , i agree with the other readers who feel like this is not grafton at her best . you just ca n't believe that kinsey would put herself in these ridiculous positions---belting a police officer to endear herself to a woman she is investigating , remaining in an incredibly ( and unbelievable ) dangerous situation , to name a few . the dialogue is weak,the sexual situations seem gratutitous , and there is a fair amount of stereotyping of hispanics . but even with these issues , i did finish the book . grafton at her low point is still a good read
the first few chapters have built the anticipation for a good strategy to learn , however , there were no formulas , nothing to learn . book talks about theories about market timing with no proof . i wouldent take it seriously as i though
interesting , well documented , with marvelous illustrations.definitely a good buy for adults who still dream of fairy tales characters . it is a pity that the collection does not include stories from " one thousand and one nights " . otherwise it will be perfect and complete .
it certainly sounded exciting . unfortunately , it 's mostly a bunch of long winded articles on vague ideas that you 've already thought of a hundred times . that 's not to say that the ideas are n't important . i was simply expecting something a bit more focused by an author willing to take some risks . on the bright side , the book wo n't become dated for quite some time .
the author had all the elements for a good mystery/suspense except for one thing , the lack of an end or resolution to the mystery . i find it difficult to believe the author of such noted works as bag of bones and the stand would leave his readers hanging in such a manner . fiction should be about conflict and resolution and we have the basis for the conflict . a body turns up on the beach and the only clue comes from a pack of cigarettes found on the body . we learn the man was from colorado but very little else . if the author had brought the story to a meaning conclusion it might well have been a classic mystery or crime thriller but unfortunately the reader is left to wonder what really happened . i would recommend a mary higgins clark mystery in place of this boo
flynn offers up a fast-paced , if unbelievable story . unfortunately , character development is paper thin and clearly portrays flynn 's political preferences . characters , like rapp , with a military background are guided by clearly defined ethical principles , have all the answers and are always showing those good-for-nothing politicians how the " real world " works . meanwhile , flynn 's politicians ( the majority of whom are democrats ) seem only concerned with public opinion and the next election . while there are grains of truth in his characters , flynn consistently goes for the cheap , partisan stereotype . i was looking for a well-developed political/military thriller . i 'm still looking .
i felt as if this book was way below my reading leve
i 'm really a great fan of douglas coupland , which is perhaps much of the reason i found this book so disappointing . i hate the fact that it has been dubbed the new microserfs , since it totally lacks the insight , wit and 'funny because its true ' apsects of the original . about the only thing it has in common with microserfs is the fact that its set in the same industry . jpod is set in a landscape of unreality , with no apparent reason than to make a series of whacky adventures for eccentric , and for the most part unlikeable , characters . it certainly doesnt reflect the it industry of today , and the members of the jpod really only seem to represent those aspects of this community which give programmers a bad reputation , as essentially dysfunctional ( autistic ) as they are . there doesnt even seem to be any real focus for this story . i felt like i was mostly reading about a heap of stuff that 'happened' . its not all bad , and there were more than a few humorous moments , and interesting plot twists . coupland 's highly approachable and fast moving writing style has n't changed . its really just the subject matter and whatever its trying to communicate that seems to have fallen in a heap , in this book . i normally devour all of his books within a day or two , and want to read them again soon after , but it was a real struggle just to get through this one to the end
then you 'll probably like this story . my wife and i read books together and i 'd sworn off cornwell after hornet 's nest ( which on tv cornwell admitted was some warmed over college material - and it showed horribly ) . the scarpetta character ( in some books ) is unbelievably emotionally ultra-hyper ( going from confident to terrified every time marino knocks on the door ) . in this book she was mercifully level headed almost all the time ! what a relief . and there was a real story . i 'm not really a fan of her work over the last 10 years but there 's almost enough lab details here to satisfy . sure wish she ( scarpetta ) would learn to delegate - imagine the top lab expert for her state and she has to go to every crime scene and move bodies herself ! anyway do n't start here with the scarpetta series - but if you already like the character , this one is a b + . compared to other crime novels in general , it 's still a c- in my estimation
this book is atrocious . it is the worst book i have read in the last decade . a 10 year old could have done better . the plot gets more ridiculous as the book progresses , the characters act unbelievably and it is amazing that someone can actually get paid to write such garbage . the only plus was that i got it out of the library and did n't pay for it
why are there so many insanely positive reviews for this book ? honestly , what has this author contributed to the world with this book ? was it the characters ? no , they 've all been used and reused and used some more in practically every other work of fiction in the last fifty years ( i.e . cocky and handsome fbi agent , beautiful but dangerous killer with a past , take-no-sh # t fbi boss , etc. ) . was it the deep insight into the characters themselves ? a laugh out loud , " no ! " . there was nothing coming close to character development . was there some new and clever writing style ? unless you count having two page chapters revolutionary ( i call it a way to have a two hundred page novella turned into a four hundred page novel ) . how about the plot ? was that something worth my time ? not unless you have n't ever watched suspence movie in your life . so honestly , what the hell makes this book worth anyone 's time ? all i can find in this book are two dimensional characters , needless sub-plots , ludicris dialogue , and empty promises ( we 're lied to about the main character 's fate in the beginning and we 're lied to about this being a thriller in the vein of hitchcock ) . as a person who has turned to the world of novels to escape hollywood 's onslaught of needless , pointless , and time wasting strategy of churning out movie after movie of pure garbage i can trully say that this is the type of book that will doom us all into a market of hurried and horribly bad novels to take our hard earned money . this man does not deserve our money and certainly does not deserve to write anything other than an apology letter to the world for dumbing us down into thinking that this type of writing is anything other than trash
my friend 's and i will pass books back and forth to each other to read if they are good . my friend was going to throw this one out instead of passing it along , but since i have a dog , i thought it would be interesting , but it was n't , so i had the honor of throwing it out myself . typically , i would donate the book or give it to charity , but i do n't think anyone would enjoy it . it 's just this author 's drivel . it does n't focus on the president 's and their pets at all like the title suggests . i could see where another author could have created a really fun book about presidents and their dogs .
this book is so flawed in every which way , it is hard to know where to begin . first of all , we are living in the end times , and when jesus comes , that 's all she wrote , folks . there 's no seven years , no christians being zapped up , etc . this is our second chance on earth . no tribulation . this book takes figurative visions and tries to apply it literally , and does it poorly . reading this book made me think that if this was true , then what 's the point of trying to be a christian . why not just live your life the way you want to , and then when people zap out of thin air , change your life . it 's ridiculous and sends the wrong message . plus , the writing is for second graders with no redeeming characteristics to it . but i really do n't think the author 's care at this point ( seeing how many millions they 've made printing lies ) . my recommendation is to read the bible instead of this series ; then you 'll get truth and the bible is probably shorter ( and much better writing ) . man , not even kirk cameron could save this train wreck .
ms. reichs has lost the recipe , or at least the focus and formula that has brought her success prior to cross bones . although not nearly as bad as p. cornwell 's last two or three misfires , reichs is way wide of her usual high mark here . in this offering , temperance is out of character , out of both style and focus , and the story is just overly convoluted and circuitous ; a yarn that meanders around heading every which way except toward a finished product . even the writing is unfamiliar and not of the same voice reichs has maintained in her many brennan novels . having finally given up on cornwell , after many years , i 'll hang in there for one more temperance brennan dig ; everyone is entitled to one gong
& # 65279 ; millennials rising is the latest book in the generational series by the authors william strauss and neil howe , focusing this time on the generation born after x . for those not already familiar with the authors ' theory , strauss and howe are two authors who began writing about generations in 1991 . they wrote the book generations , which introduced a theory that generations fall into four re-cycling types , and each type comes of age during a different kind of era , or " turning " . the silent generation is of the " adaptive " type , for instance , passive , gentle , and in tune with their emotions , and came of age during the golden age of postwar america . the baby boomers , remembered for their " awakening " in the 1960s , are of the " idealist " type , concerned with god and spirituality and impassioned about what they believe in , but inclined to change during life ( from hippie to the current " just say no " control freak ) . generation x , which they named the thirteenth generation , is of the " reactive " type , being alienated , street-smart and materialistic , without a feeling of need to be " loyal " to anything , coming of age during the 1980s and 1990s . they then first identified everyone born since 1982 as the " millennial generation " , and predicted back in 1991 that it would be grow up to be optimistic , hard-working and clean-cut , just like the g.i . generation that fought world war ii , going back to the " civic " type generation before the silent generation . in 1993 they published the book thirteenth gen , which specialized in generation x and why they are the way they are . in their third book , the fourth turning , they went back to the whole theory and writing about all the generations . they also changed the archetype names from adaptive , idealist , reactive and civic to artist , prophet , nomad and hero . strauss and howe wrote in this book about an upcoming era of epic battle and mass destruction , much like the one in which the g.i . generation came of age . they then predicted the millennial generation would form the role of heroes during the coming crisis , and they would lower teen pregnancy rates , stop using drugs , serve the united states , in uniform even , and desist with using profanity . so then in 2000 they put out this book , millennials rising . in this one the authors try to explain the millennial generation ( my generation ) . millennials rising attempts to identify who we , the most ethnically diverse generation in american history as they note , are . in millennials rising they write about this generation 's boomer parents and their influence on the millennial generation , as well as the kind of world in which this generation is growing up ( which s&h think of as hundreds of television channels , suv lifestyles , rappers who swear , and people who smack each other on tv ) . the book states that millennials want to work together in teams , believe the people in authority know more about right and wrong than they do , are enthusiastic about learning and going to school , are loved and protected by their parents , achieve great things in school and will achieve great things in the future , and lest we forget , always want to exude that " positive peer pressure " on their fellow millennials . the obviously leads to the question , then , is the generation really optimistic , hard-working and clean-cut just as they say ? consider this : only 28 % of high school seniors say that the work they get assigned at school is " meaningful " , only 21 % describe their courses as " interesting " and still barely over a third , 39 % , believe that what they do in school will have any relation to their success later in life . the generation was supposed to be enthusiastic about learning . the millennial generation also rapidly increased drug use , especially pot , from the level at which generation x was using them in its teens , as even the authors themselves note . s&h portray the world of edgy entertainment , such as television shows , movies and music , as a zoroastrian battle . in popular music , for instance , artists are described by extremes that either represent the alleged millennial values or go actively against them -- on one side , artists like eminem , limp bizkit and marilyn manson , on the other , boy bands and britney spears and her imitators , along with such second-tier bands as the s club 7 . they do not deal with the millennial interest in bands that lie somewhere in between the two . for instance , blink-182 is just about the biggest band around now , and yet millennials rising does not mention blink-182 and the many young fans who make the band a success . south park : bigger , longer , uncut is the authors ' idea of where popular culture is today . millennials rising heralds boy bands as what music will increasingly be like as the current decade unfolds , and blasts the " edgy " bands as groups that will be washed away , but could the authors have predicted bands like good charlotte or artists like avril lavigne ? this leads to the bigger question of whether the book and the theory will be able to predict anything . s&h write about " rebelling by being better " during the present decade . apparently , their idea of rebellion is not listening to limp bizkit , blasting censorship , or doing illegal drugs , but wearing preppy clothes , waiting until marriage to have sex , and trusting their government . according to them , we should expect to see millennials petitioning for policies that will punish their own peers . s&h write that we will accept the draft and join the military in great numbers when the crisis presents us with a war , and even do national service . frankly , can anyone imagine any more than 20 % of today 's high school students doing their duty and risking their life in war in the name of america ? also , our generation has done nothing to make a commitment to following bush as leader during the iraq war , while s&h predict millennials serving their president . how suited to a hero generation is that ? the g.i . generation followed fdr so blindly they had to print his campaign materials in braille . when it comes to rallying around their president and leading the direction of the nation during a crisis , millennials have surely disappointed those who expected them to do just as the authors said we would . this , of course , does not have to be a bad thing , but it does make you wonder about the limitations of the predictive abilities of the theory . some parts of it make for very interesting reading , but all the talk about how they are to be the " next great " generation gets to you sometimes . s&h seem to believe you can never think too big about those millennials . millennials rising presents an image of youth that is set to amaze you and will attract readers , but sometimes what the book describes just is n't happening
it certainly is no surprise with the development of technology and expansion of capitalism that knowledge-based workers are the future in american society . it seems to me that drucker spent too much time attempting to criticize marx , which was a complete failure . drucker did n't even fully analyze globalization in its entirety . the only credit that should be given to this book is his analyzation of the american worker . nonetheless , he offers a limited viewpoint on all aspects of society . look elsewhere if you want to get a better understanding of where our world is headed and what state we are in . drucker neglects the whole and simply accepts what backs his own perspective
mr. o'nan should have taken a refresher course in basic writing . his skipping and skimming and throwing to and fro people , events , etc. , is downright frustrating and confuses the project . unlike superior literary treatments ( see walter lord 's titanic ) , this book leave you with more questions than anything else and the urge to take a long , hot shower .
this fourth installment of becky 's trying tribulations is the worst . the qualty has plummeted from passable fun to total embarrassment . i do n't understand how kinsella 's editor did n't draw the line ( and the red pencil ) at the litany of shopping expeditions . and her endless , excrutitating 'inner ' reflections . becky 's exploits are n't amusing anymore . her purchases on her honeymoon are n't wacky . they 're bewildering . for a shopaholic with supposedly good taste , becky buys the ugliest sounding things on her travels and then flogs them all on ebay once home in england . and oh yes , then she discovers a long lost sister . that situation is about as believable as three designer wedding dresses and two weddings from the previous book . and then bex and her sister wind up on a rock rescued by tarquin in his personal helicopter . i am not making this up . it 's all there in the book . and none of it is even remotely entertaining . and now god help us , becky is pregnant . aarrgggh !
this is a revolutionary book . it introduces the stage metaphor into sociology ; all of social interaction is a performance on a stage . it 's questionable how novel this metaphor is , but this is certianly its first explicit statement . the language used to present the ideas of the author is , like most sociological writing , unecessarily complicated . there are some problems with clarity and structure ; the book just doesnt have a holistic feel for me . no sociological background is presupposed , there is extensive quoting from other sociological sources , many footnotes , and various other ways to enter sociological literature throught the book . so if you are interested in reading sociology , this is probably a good place to start ( again , the language is unecessicarily thick and this may be it 's bane as an introduction ) . however , the book is misguided . the idea of viewing social interaction as a performance on a stage is unecessary . the authors motives for saying this will make my position clearer . ( the following is a charicature of the author 's argument ) . there is certianly a large amount of social behavior which is directed towards other people ( the audience ) in order for the audience to build an impression of the actor . well , if it can happen here we can draw a parallel with other situations , infact all situations and therfore all of social interaction is like a performance on a stage , " all the world is not , of course , a stage , but the crucial ways in which it isnt are hard to specify " ( p 72 ) . the performances can either be with individuals , or groups of people , and they can be performing conciously or unconciously . ( end of charicature )  there are other arguments , obviously , and the statement " we can draw a parallel with other situations " is most of the content of the book , which i dont like to gloss over with a sentence . but the real question here is , is the view worthwhile ? my answer : no . social interaction is a complex phenomena that cant possibly be summed up with a signle metaphor . yes , some social interaction is like a performance , where indivudals are intentionally making impressions on one another . yes , some social behavior can arise from unconcious beliefs . however , most social interaction is exactly the way we see it , conciously controlled , meaningful , purposeful interaction with individuals ; it is not some kind of performance with the purpose of creating a " reality " . i hope my view of the book is clear so that the biases on the final part of my review can be sorted out : the book is a waste of time . where the author is right , the statement is little more than common sense . where the author goes outside of common sense , he 's wrong , sometimes plainly so . this book is part of the tradition in sociology of thinking that society pulls the wool over each individuals eyes , that reality is a social construct with no purpose other than social control ( here the wool is the performance , and the control has to do with impressions ... but this quickly degenerates into an obscure mess of assertions ) . there is no real empirical support given for most of the claims . where " evidence " is given , the evididence is so heavily intepreted that it fails to correspond to facts in the world but rather to facts about the views of the reporter . where there is no correspondence to the world there is no truth . various sources of sociology are cited , but this is more like intellectual bullying . saying that some author , which also didnt have any empirical support for his claims , agrees with you is just to bully your reader into acepting your claims . the claims in the book have no practical application in the world , but only serve to intepret situations differently , and in personal opinion , less correctly . nothing said here will lead to better predictions about social behavior or a better understanding of psychology . in short , this isnt a scientific study at all . my final qualm with the book deserves its own paragraph , the use of language . the best example is the definitions given at the end of the introduction " a performance may be defined as all of the activity of a given participant on a given occasion which serves to influence in any way any of the other participants " ( 15 ) . this is a curios definition . me breathing while i work is a performance , it changes the percentages of o2 and co2 in the atmosphere near my co-workers . me staring into space is a performance , other people see me stare into space and are therefore influenced . infact , me simply existing is a performance , since my existance causes a gravitational effect on the other participants , as well as influencing them to create beliefs about me existing . its as if goffman created a definition for performance which included all possible actions taken by any person , and then wrote a book about how all possible actions taken by any person fall under the category of performance . he didnt . he used a word that we associate with controlled behavior ( performance ) and defined it in a way no one is used to . then he used alot of word play to show that behavior has no substance , its all for the purpose of maintaining social reality . i hope this very limited example shows the terrible use of language that is endemic to goffman and sociology more generally . so an ode to sociology is in order ... actually no it isnt . why wont this subject go away ? this book is an integral part of sociology , and it espouses the methods and style of sociological researchers and writers by being an archetypical work within the tradition . the methods are questionable ; the style is obscure . like it or hate it , sociology is a part of modern thought . read the book to be an educated person and keep in mind its intellectual failings
robin williams used to tell a joke about his son , saying that whenever he got angry with him his son would say 'you hit me and i 'll write a book . ' i 'd like to tell you that there is some deeper meaning behind peggy salinger 's memior about life with her father , but it seems to more or less boil down to that same idea . although there are some interesting revelations about salinger as a man , his daughter does n't seem to appreciate that many of the problems she faced in her youth were not neccessarily unique to being the daughter of jd salinger , they 're the problems that children of divorce and children who live in rural areas face everyday . there 's a lot of blame thrown around here , and not a whole lot of admitting to one 's own mistakes . although this is probably to be expected , it 's still frustrating , since margaret salinger has more or less made a career out of trading on her father 's good name , and since many of her chief complaints about her famous father are largely hypocritical . ( complaining about your father 's desire for privacy but refusing to mention the name of your first husband was probably a bad idea . ) i admit that her father is probably not as nice a guy as you think he would be , but this is not really a revelation , nor should it affect your feelings about his work . i would n't recommend reading it unless your working on a thesis of some sort
i was at first rather impressed by the epic size of the book thinking it must contain something new about the comedian . well , i was wrong . it was long , tedious and nasty . granted , chaplin was not perfect , but the author 's preoccupation with his imperfections borders on sickening . a better title for this book would be 'trash , what i think of charlie' . joyce milton would do well writing for tabloids. .
many reviewers on this site read tlgpe in the 70 's , when we were young and impressionable . ( i happened to be 13 when i read it . ) if one could be sued for intellectual forgery , lindsey would certainly be found at fault . most of us , thankfully , have gotten past our fears that plagued our teenage years . after all , when we read tlgpe , we were young . we were searching and seeking . we did n't have all of the facts . there were wolves who knew this , and they preyed upon us . many people who were older , yet still intellectually undeveloped , read this book and were moved to 'believing' . for most of us , our minds matured . we began to see the vast chinks in lindsey 's pompous christian armor . we began to realize that fear is a weapon brandished by madmen , by people who use a subtle , gentle cloth of manipulation to control others . this is beyond dangerous . it is beyond extreme , as most of us have now found out . i love a good horror novel . i love a good 'true crime ' thriller . but the fact that people read lindsey 's books and take them at face value is , perhaps , one of the scariest notions i have ever imagined . that , dear reader , is beyond horrific . . . and far more terrifying than anything you 'll find in the bible or any of lindeys 'books' . the only thing scarier is that mr. lindsey is still receiving royalties from an outdated , silly , contradictory and completely barbaric book penned over thirty years ago . please do n't be the next sucker . please do n't add this one to your cart .
i am a bright student and have a gpa of 3.86 . this book is completely useless for class . i reread the chapters and it simply does not make sense . i found the internet to contain more useful information . this book should not be used in any introduction to philosophy classes . it is much too complex . if you are attending classes at wiu , i would skip the purchase of this book and rely on the internet for your assignments
great book , of course , but for this edition oxford used a computer to justify the type . on every other line you encounter three or four spaces where there should be only one . it may not bother most readers , but i 'm looking for another publisher 's edition
this should be retitled " the leftist , israel-hating , politically correct revisionist guide to the middle east . " that would be far more accurate . for a textbook , the author freelances just a tad bit too much , a lot of what is in here is presented as fact but is mostly opinion in disguise . the author fails in presenting a clear and unbiased view of the middle east and instead allows his personal politics to get in the way . my professor dumped this book as the course textbook 1/4 of the way through the semester due to the never-ending left-leaning political commentary . this is no serious review of the middle east , just a socialist-based fantasy on how things should be . the author himself proclaims that accuracy is n't always important , its the idea that matters . this book is a joke , i looked for something serious , unbiased to aid me in learning more about the middle east but this book does n't present anything new and its political leanings are just to the left of stalin . if you want to learn what an extreme left liberal thinks of the middle east , buy this book , otherwise stick to encyclopedias and hopefully , less biased college textbooks .
if you 're going to write about the city that is paris , you 'd better be up to the task . gopnik may have the writing and observation skills that would have served this assignment well , but this collection of essays generally falls flat . for someone who resided in the city of light for 5 whole years , gopnik gives us a surprisingly myopic picture constrained by his own self-absorption . those who are interested in paris and its natives will be sorely disappointed in the smug chronicles of a new yorker who regards himself and his son to be the most interesting elements of this city . i have zero interest in my-toddler-does-paris stories and gopnik 's relentless insertion of his look-how-cute-my-kid-is accounts should have been saved for a family re-union instead of wasting precious space that could have been used for more interesting topics . for a better book on paris cuisine and culture , check out the collection of gourmet essays from the last 60 years titled 'remembrance of things paris' . it provides a wider variety of perspectives and a more expansive and interesting view of paris -- and it 's blessedly free of all that baby 's-scrapbook stuff .
the book is n't good at all . i 'm sorry . i loved i am legend and seeing the list of books this guy has written which had been developed into classic horror movies ( hell house included ) i was really excited to read this . i have heard many complaints about the book from calling it " soft porn " to " sick soft porn " and then even being offended by the sacrilege present in the tale . sacrilege in a book called...hell house is probably something you need to come to terms with before picking it up . attacking the author because of the content is really something that is not necessary . i doubt these were mathis ' " sexual fantasies " in the book but more likely his idea of melding something pleasurable together with something terrifying . it is an effective way to convey horror to a reader . similar to enacting horrible violence on children , or worse , babies in cinema ( try watching the hills have eyes without being on the edge of your seat while the villains in the movie dangle the fate of an infant in your face ) . mathis should not be condemned for content . here is what he did right . he took the idea of a haunted house and brought it into the world of science . much like i am legend used science to define its vampires , hell house uses science to define hauntings and it is very well researched and believable within the framework of the story . the bad parts may be more numerous . his characterization is horrid . there are four characters really and their personalities do not define them . you will remember barrett by his limp , fishcer by his fear , florence by her religious beliefs , and edith...well because there is no one else . they are paper thin and have no real motivations . the pacing seems poor too . a lot of moments are left on revelations in the point of view characters mind which that character has not fully processed because the chapter ends before they can relay it and all of its profound meaning to you , the reader . as a matter of fact the revelations themselves , when all is said and done , are really pretty dull . there is also a habit characters have , when going into great lengths of exposition that goes on for pages , to cup their hands around a coffee cup . it seems too much like a commercial for me ! anyway , the book hardly slows down for characterization or details and we get very few vivid descriptions in the book . sometimes i wanted to know what things looked like , i wanted imagery not just exposition for pages . what was it about the atmosphere that , say fischer found so scary ? we needed the scenes to be better developed . by the end i was so tired of lines like :  " god do you know what this means ? " " what ? " " i ca n't tell you now but it 's freakin ' awesome ! "  that exchange is not in the book but you will find many similar moments throughout . just tell us already ! the fear should come through our attachment to the characters not the mystery of the house because the mystery of the house is kind of weak . this book is not worth it , unfortunately . i hate to say it because i am legend is really good ( though it did suffer from some of the same things i pointed out above , though on a smaller level ) . it 's the classic " show do n't tell " advice
no thrills and a pointless plot marr what could have been a pretty decent story . the whole thing is based on who wants to kill darby and why . and that is where it falls apart . the fbi or cia could have easily investigated faster and easier then she could , and what is the point of trying to kill her ? to bury what is already out in the open ? the fbi , cia and white house all had a copy . what are they trying to silence ? nothing at all . perhaps if it were just for revenge the plot might not have collapsed on itself
this book is more of the same rehashed , recycled , repurposed content from the authors . much of this material is available in any basic marketing text . in fact , this book reads strikingly similar to just about any training manual on the basics of branding . if you 've worked at any of the big agencies : mccann , jwt , y&r , you learn the contents of this book on your first day in about a hour . all the cases cited in this book are stale and extremely weak . the " editorial reviews " listed above are shill quotes from clients who are cited as " cases " in the book . remember this before you buy : the author , and the firm for whom he works , use this book as nothing more than a lead-generation tool--it 's called " thought leadership " , a nebulous term used by company to propagate its own way of thinking . save your money . do n't become a victim of prophet 's propoganda . buy something with substance like jean noel kapferer .
" a dirty job " was my first christopher moore novel , and will probably be my last . i was captivated by the story line as i read the dust jacket , but found that the writing was not nearly as interesting . i thought the author spent way too many pages with humdrum matters of no real interest , and very little addressing the actual theme of the book . although wanting to relate sympathetically to the book 's hero , i just was n't drawn in enough to care about him . the action began in the final quarter of the book , and you had better suspend reality before reading it . i actually could n't wait for the book to end so i could move on to something more interesting
i enjoyed andy kessler 's book about finance ( wall st meat ) but this one is just silly . it seems to show the wisdom of the old writer 's saw about sticking with something you know about . this book is like sitting in a bar listening to a drunken bore try to impress you with all the little bits and pieces he heard at a hospital that day . i could n't wait to get to the end so i could throw it out
the word atlas is misleading as there is alot of text accompanying the various maps . some pages are nothing but text . i expect an atlas to use maps to explain more rather than words . the maps that are in the book are good , but numerous sections do not have one . the book is split into sections/topics written by individual persons . however , in many sections the text ends in mid-sentence , as if several pages were forgotten about in each section or as if there was some arbitrary cutoff on the # of words per section . of this approx 200 page book , sentence cutoffs appear on these pages . each page also represents the end of a section . p.37,55,63,82,89,96,115,141,149,163 , and 175  clearly , not just a simple oversight . also , the table of contents is inadequate , as it primarily denotes the major sections - which is by ocean , but not the individual topics . i give this 2 stars ( rather than 1 ) as the idea is good , and the content that is in the book - looks good . execution is another story . frankly , i would be a embarassed by the editing and quality control oversights
wow..what lies . i never hear any kind of news channel favor the left...never . the media , especially fox news , has a right wing bias..its 100 % fact , proven beyond any reasonable doubt . the republican right wing nut job wackos invented the concept of a liberal bias in the media for political advantage , and its simply not true . republicans are the worst thing that could ever happen to this country , all they know how to do is lie , cheat , steal , and profit off of the suffering of others . oh yeah , and these religious wing nuts are delusional bigots who think some guy waved a magic wand and invented the universe . give me a break . this book is 100 % lies . i actually burned the book after i read it... ( notice the lack of credible sources ) . good job republicans...continue to make up news...the people are catching on !
the amazon description says vol . 1-3 , boxed set , hardcover . that is all true . what they do n't tell you is that there are actually six volumes . the box in which it comes is clearly marked , " volumes 1-3 ( of six ) . " that would have been a much better description for amazon to have used . if you have volumes 4-6 and you are looking to complete the set , this book is for you . if you are looking for the complete set , look elsewhere
sadly , this thrilling sea-yarn from 1897 is nearly unreadable today . between the seafaring jargon - which must have delighted boys of yore - and the unfathomable dialects , it can take ages to puzzle out a page . some of the anecdotes related by the good seamen of the schooner " we 're here , " which has picked up over-privileged harvey cheyne when he was washed overboard from a luxury liner , i could not grasp the point or moral of . my husband has read all the patrick o'brian series , so i asked him to puzzle out a representative story , that of counahan the navigator , and after spending 15 minutes reading me a few pages aloud and filling me in on the few terms he understood , he said , " honey , i see what you mean . " one can get the general gist , but it 's best to read through fast , then go back and see if any of it makes any more sense . for example , when educated harvey says , " why ca n't we always fish from the boat instead of from the dories ? " his pal dan answers , " allus can , till we begin to dress daown . efter thet , the heads and offals , 'u 'd scare the fish to fundy . boat-fishin ' ai n't reckoned progressive , though , unless ye know as much as dad knows . guess we 'll run aout aour trawl to-night . harder on the back , this , than frum the dory , ai n't it ? "  i got my b.a . in english , and i would rather tackle joyce 's " ulysses " than an unannotated version of this book . so why did i bother ? a few days ago , a friend showed us the dvd of the 1937 movie , starring spencer tracy and lionel barrymore , on his big screen home theater , and it was thrilling and very moving . the movie is quite different from the book , though , but it may give some incentive to check out for oneself how kipling crafted the story , as it did for me . but dear teachers , please , do not subject students to this particular title unless you are going to spend the semester on it and are willing to turn them off classic literature forever ! ( let them read " cannery row " instead ! )
i would not personally recommend this book to horror/thriller fans . i would definitely not recommend this book for anyone under 18 ! if you like soap operas , you may enjoy this book a lot . if you are searching for the secrets of rose red or a good ghost story , this is not your book . i read the story before the author was made known . i thought it might be stephen king or tabitha king . the writing style was far below stephen king 's style and it was very erotic , which i suspected tabitha king to be the author . however , the accounts of ellen were obviously written by a man , as the erotic episodes were definitely not from the viewpoint of a woman . so , it was no surprise when the author was neither stephen nor tabitha , but a male author i have never heard of . the book reveals almost nothing new about rose red and it 's secrets . i would dare say that 90 % of the diary goes on and on about ellen and john 's wealth and extremely dysfunctional marriage . on and on about john 's extramarital affairs , ellen 's withholding of sexual favors , more affairs , more withholding of favors , more affairs , more favors withheld . the story is a vicious circle regarding this . it 's almost like she gets burned , but yet continues to play with fire . very frustrating and almost boring , as you read the same scenarios redundantly . by the third time , you know exactly what he 's doing and how she will retaliate . silly . i mentioned above that the diary of ellem rimbauer revealed no new secrets of the house . in fact , as the diary progresses , it skips four occurrences ( it made mention of the four , like " by the way , four disappearances happened since last time i wrote , but i wo n't tell you about them " ) . and this i found obnoxious - * * * spoiler alert * * * ellen waits some three or so years for a sance from a master uber-psychic . three long years . but after the sance , nothing is revealed ! the book is riddled with episodes like this . some big secret is coming . when it finally is revealed , it 's no secret at all . it 's something dumb , like " yes , there are spirits in the house " . what spirits ? why ? who ? nothing is ever satisfactorily explained . i would have given it one star , however it seemed to have a single quality . at the start of the diary , ellen was an ordinary 19 year old fiance to john . soon , she is corrupted by john , wealth , maybe corrupted by her african best friend ( jury is still out ) , and hatred . she prays to god , but also to " her other god " ( the dark one ) . at first , you suppose she is playing with fire . right on . she gets consumed by darkness , revenge , and hatred and falls into self destruction . overall , i personally thought it read like fan fiction . i would bet the author whipped up this short story just for giggles , but somehow it got published . i was disappointed , hoping for a good ghost story . but i ended up reading a soft-porn , soap opera style plot . hope i do n't offend those who loved the book :
the book 's appearance and story line are both lighthearted and gentle with the underlying message that acceptance is the highest of all virtues . this approach will probably work for a typical 5 year old child in a lesbian led household - especially a girl child . if the child is a boy and/or approachng 8 or 9 years old , the hard questions start coming and this book pretends these questions will never be asked . does n't everyone have a father , somewhere ? who is my father ? what is he like ? where is he ? does he know about me ? does he care about me ? why do n't i know ? why do n't you know , mommy ? mommy , when you grew up you lived with your daddy , why do n't i ? when i grow up , should i live with a man or a woman ? why ? how/when will i know ? does it matter ? is our family really a complete family if my father is unknown ? i want to be a father some day . how do i learn what good fathers do ? i love my friends and my dog ; does that make us a family ? think about it .
if you want a very simple will or a very simple living will or power of attorney for health care , this program will work for you . however , it offers only a very narrow range of options for personalizing the generic forms included in the package . i disliked this program so much that i threw the whole package in the trash .
tipler says many times " as i have proved " . huh ? what the f is he talking about ? there is no proof in this stinking pile of filth . he 's got an abundance of physics in the back of the book-i 'd like to hear from a physicist if any of that crap makes any sense , but i do n't think it should matter . i am intelligent enough to understand basic physics concepts , and tipler just does n't make any sense . his writing is so bad that anyone who reads this entire thing will have wasted a colossal ammount of time . the more books you read , the sooner you know when to stop reading , put the book down , and read a work of fiction instead , which can play with such ideas without boring you to death
i enjoy the hillerman navajo mysteries because the characters are well developed . not so in this book . i found the first half really boring and hard to get through . the characters were not people you could care about , an important issue for me
as a piece of entertainment , this book falls flat . way flat . there is a story here , but mundane sub-plots ( including the love story ) are thrown in in an attempt to fill the pages to make it a book . i found myself skipping pages - lots of them - to get to the point . overall , very disappointing .
amazingly tedious for a thriller . reacher is a good character , believable in his expertise , but a bit cold blooded in his use of violence . the book takes too long to tell everything ( and i mean everything ) - it seems every minute of the week long plot is chronicled as is every thought reacher has ( many repeated over and over ) . i hope child fixed these flaws in later books .
i really thought i would be able to learn about the philadelphia project from this book , considering the title . however , the actual project does n't make an appearence until the last chapter . the entire book focuses on ideas that may or may not have contributed to a project that may or may not have taken place . this book was disappoiting to an extreme .
as i read this book it was easy to tell that it was not written by mr. cussler , the story was slow and the plot was transparent . this book just did n't have the " zing " of the older cussler stories . if you are just laying around with nothing else to do it will give you something to read
does d.s . know any other law schools besides , harvard and yale for her characters to have attended . i am so tired of her books...this is it for me . its the usual suspects for her...rich and white....quite boring . i used to love her and would read anything from her , but those days are over.....maybe she should retire
the very first thing you read in this book is a mistake . the prologue begins with a photo of german pows at the end of wwi . the photo caption states that the german army at the end of wwi was " unbroken " and implies that germany capitulated because of a loss of will on the part of its political leadership . this is doubly misleading . the german army was soundly defeated on western front in 1918 and then began to disintegrate . in 1918 , germany was essentially a military dictatorship run by ludendorff and hindenberg . the political leaders who lost will were the german high command . defeat on the battlefield and despair on the part of senior commanders hardly meets the description of an unbroken army . keegan is essentially repeating the pernicious " stab in the back " myth used by the german military and right wing propagandists to undermine the weimar republic . its astonishing to see this published decades later by someone who is supposed to be an expert on such matters . this type of error recurs throughout this book . my favorite relatively minor error is keegan moving the ploesti oilfields , a major strategic resource , from romania to hungary . see prior reader reviews for documentation of a number of factual errors of varying magnitude . just as important and in some cases even more important are keegan 's failures to discuss crucial aspects of wwii . he makes little effort , for example , to discuss the origins of the war . indeed , his paragraphs on this topic suggest that he finds it too confusing to discuss . leaving aside his shirking of his obligation to discuss this crucial topic , there are excellent overviews of 20s and 30s that are good guides to this admittedly formidable topic . instead of an effort to discuss the origins of the war , we get a superficial and somewhat misleading discussion of how industrialization transformed military technology and organization . instead of a discussion of the sad history of the weimar republic , crucial for understanding the ascent of the nazis , we get another misleading discussion of the freikorps phenomenon . among other significant omissions are his failure to grapple with the possible strategic significance of the allied bombing campaign against germany , a issue analyzed insightfully by richard overy in 2 of his excellent books . keegan 's discussion of the holocaust in both inadequate and implicitly misleading . partly because he does n't discuss the origins of the war and the role played by nazi ideology in starting the war he fails to show that in crucial respects the holocaust was the point of german aggression . the nazis went to war not just to overturn the versailles settlement or even to conquer eastern europe , but to impose their bizarre notions of racial conflict on the rest of europe . without this background , its impossible to understand the outbreak and the specific nature of wwii . among other things , nazi racism prevented them from rationally exploiting the resources of the western soviet union , a factor in their eventual defeat . as pointed out by other reviewers , keegan devotes a disproportionate amount of the book to activities of the western allies when the eastern front was really the crucial theatre . to be fair to keegan , writing a concise 1 volume book like this is very difficult . the best 1 volume work on wwii is gerhard weinberg 's book , which is about 1000 pages of text in a fairly small font . some of the individual sections of this book are quite good and keegan has a nice , sometimes actually elegant , writing style . none of these positive features , however , can overcome his neglect of basic features of wwii and the lack of attention to basic facts . this is not just error , this is actual negligence .
this book is almost useless for helping someone understand how to use acupressure to alleviate physical symptoms . as a licensed massage therapist who already knows quite a bit about acupressure , i am always willing to learn more about any kind of bodywork . i had hoped to be able to pass on some ideas to my clients for self help but this book was definitely not it . the book gives some accupoints for specific problems , some of these are " golden points " able to stand alone in use , but others are not . the book gives no order to use these in and furthermore does not specify if all or any of the points are to be used together in sequence , or not . also,it does't tell where the points are exactly . there are really too many flaws to go into here . acupressure is very complex , this book tries to simplify it to the point that it looks like some goofy folklore advocating some bad mojo
i bought this software hoping that it would help me to find required mathematical formulas faster . at home on my powermac ( osx.1 , os9.2 ) i only see messed up windows . furthermore , the formulas are unreadable , using an archaic font . trying to save the day , i went to my linux machine at work reading &quot ; your operating system , linux 2.2.19-7.0.1 , is not supported by this software . it appears that the software is only suitable for some sun and sgi machines . it only appears to run properly on a windows machine . from an editor , who i remember , is one of the few persons finding errors in knuth 's tex system , i expected much better
the number of books written in our society is huge and getting huger . everyone recognizes that far more books are being written and published than can be read . why are people so anxious to be authors in such a market ? one reason , apparently embraced by the goldstones , is that it is so easy to write a book ! all you have to do is write down some reminiscences of your experiences . they do n't have to be particularly interesting experiences . you do n't have to do any research into your subject . if you describe what all the people you encounter are wearing , if you go into details of how you found a babysitter for each trip you took , if you quote verbatim phone calls from relatives and shop keepers ( even if they are not interesting or witty ) , and if you describe the hotel rooms you stayed in , you can finish the book in a couple of weekends ! and readers can finish the book in a couple of hours with little harm done . the book does accurately represent the travails of beginning book collectors , and i recognized some of my own experiences in the stories the authors tell . however , the book does not take the effort to educate readers so that they can skip over common early errors , nor does it attempt to answer many of the questions that the authors themselves raised when they first began collecting . what determines the price of old books ? why are first editions important ? why should tarzan books cost more than great works of literature ? these are good questions that anyone might think of when getting into book collecting , and you will find the questions but not the answers here . the book is written in a breezy style that is easy to get through , and if you have two hours at an airport to kill , you could do worse than to read it . but by the time you arrive at your destination , you will have likely forgotten most of what you just read , because so much of it is ephemeral details of the authors ' own lives , transportation problems , and experiences . if you are really interested in book collecting , it would be wise to read one of the many books that describe what one should look for , how prices are determined , different styles of book collecting , and so on . fragments of this knowledge are transmitted in this book , but they will leave you with more questions than answers . to be sure , not every book about book collecting needs to be a font of wisdom . but the entertainment value of the authors ' experiences was weak , and did not make up for the absence of useful content
what exactly is it that ms wearstler does ? this book is filled with " glam " pictures of recycled design ideas by billy haines,dorothy draper and billy baldwin,mostly of the " hollywood regency " style . ms wearstler,whose home it is , appears in the photos dressed to the nines and seems to want us to think that she dreamed up this nifty new look . take a look at the new billy haines book and the just released book on dorothy draper and you 'll see real designers at work and whose work and style this really is .
fans of the abc-tv show " lost " will probably be buying " our mutual friend " in droves after having seen desmond keeping it to be the " last book [ i ] ever [ read ] " . since i did not have to buy it , having purchased a full set of dickens years ago , i immediately set out to read it . what a disappointment it was ! dickens wrote it on an installment basis publishing it in a magazine over a 19 month period . one can not avoid a sneaking suspicion while reading it that it is , just a bit , perhaps , 'padded' . any good editor could have tightened it up at least 200 pages . dickens ' work is melodrama , but some of it is just more overwrought than is compatible with good art . as oscar wilde said of 'the old curiosity shop ' , " i simply can not read of the death of little nell without laughing . " 'omf ' goes quickly down to this level of bathos and remains there to the last sentence . even worse is the ending . some endings just ca n't help but feel contrived ; and dickens , having gotten a large number of his characters into drastic positions , pulls so many strange- colored rabbits out of his hat that the reader simply feels cheated . all of this may seem rather harsh from someone who was willing to shell out hundreds of dollars for " the complete oxford illustrated dickens " but i assure you that my only concern is for you , gentle reader . unless you are possessed of adequate time to read the whole of dickens ' oeuvre or are required to read " our mutual friend " , i would , instead , direct you to dickens ' far superior works : 'david copperfield ' , 'oliver twist ' , 'pickwick papers' . if you are looking for 'lost ' reading material , i would refer you to 'watership down ' ( excellent ) , 'the stand ' ( by stephen king , entertainment , not literature ) , 'the dark tower ' series ( by stephen king , entertainment , not literature , and similar to 'our mutual friend ' possessed of a fatally flawed ending ) or a review of philosophy like 'locke , rousseau and hume' . namaste and good luck , aka redemption isle on thefuselage.co
the title is a misrepresentation . this is not a handbook for driving a porsche quickly or professionally . i bought this book because in 2 months i am going to drive my rear engined 993 on a f1 circuit . i have no circuit experience , and can not get any coaching or any circuit experience in the country i live in . since this is a rear engined car which i have little experience with i was particularly wanting some tips particular to rear engined cars . there is nothing in the whole book which is particular to driving porsches or rear engined cars . the only reason i will not throw this book out is because it has some interesting 1960 's and early 19970 's porsche racing pictures ( poor quality black and white though ) . also to be fair there are some good racing stories . he is undoubtedly a very impressive driver having been successful at the highest levels in rallying and sports prototype endurance racing . a better title would be " my porsche racing history " . if you want a book on fast driving i would highly recommend ross bentley 's " speed secrets " in place of this book
when i picked up this book i had high expectations,seeing that it had received good reviews.it opened quite spectacularly as well , on a rather surreal note.but as i read on , i could n't help wondering what the point was in this rather incoherent , rambling tale.the book seemed like a sloppy , haphazard collection of incidents that did n't make much sense or assist character development . the central character herself was unbelievable and i found it impossible to identify with her or understand her actions or even sympathise with her plights.it seems to me that the writer had tried too hard to create a hip,cutting edge story and the end product was strained and gimmicky . some incidents were quite mirth-provoking , however,that 's why i gave it two stars
this was another pinker book i could n't finish . if he was a taxi-driver he would take you from brooklyn to new york via san francisco . sometimes even his asides have asides ! perhaps like pulp fiction writers he gets paid by the word
while i very much enjoyed miss wearstler 's first book , i found domicilium decoratus to be borderline obnoxious . rather than show great decorating , the book focused mainly on close up shots of objects in her house that took up the whole page.in addition , i feel that as the viewer of the book i do not need to see fifteen entire pages of miss wearstler dressed in ball gowns pretending to be domestic
i am an avid reader , and i will finish a book no matter how difficult it is , or how boring it is , and i could n't finish this one . it was so dry - and i could n't connect with any of the characters . i was really disappointed
i want to make a short comment here : 1 ) this book is quite confusing . it mixed up the real story with the make up one . 2 ) saying that ramanujun thought goldbach conjecture is wrong was a huge mistake . everyone believe that goldbach conjecture is true . and ramanujun is a real genius . i can not stand this make up part
the plot is good but there are about 200 pages too many . why a full chapter to tell us what the protagonists are thinking about the attachcase , when we already know it was not in the car and we could tell them where it is ? we know where the precious document is : another useless quest . people are murdered by the half dozen , the characters are outrageous , most of the time improbable , and i felt the semi-erotic swimming episode totally stupid , not to mention the girl apologizing constantly about it . i have read much better books than that . sorry. .
this book is an excellent example of how creationists approach science : write a book with a lot of bafflegab that sounds scientific but is actually devoid of any meaningful content , and then finish up by concluding that evolution is impossible . what a bunch of baloney . first of all , evolution , in the sense of " common descent , " is not impossible . even id-iot superstars michael behe , stephen meyer , and jonathan wells have admitted as much . ( see a summary of their recent testimony in the kansas biology curriculum hearings in the evolution/creationism forum at the west virginia gazette . ( wvgazettemail ) ( put " /forums " after com ) so any id-iot who thinks all that bafflegab about irreducible complexity ( ic ) and the nonsense in this film is the death knell of evolution is simply ignorant . man evolved from non-human ancestors . get over it . thaxton in particular ought to read that summary , since he himself was one of the witnesses and looked particularly id-iotic . in any case , the empirical data discussed in this book is indeed nothing but bafflegab . talking about the allegedly empirical foundation for intelligent design makes it sound deliciously scientific , especially to poorly educated id-iots , who generally are clueless about real science ; but even if the empirical data is accurate , it 's nothing but a facade , because it has nothing to do with the book 's main conclusion . for example , imagine your neighbor told you that his dog could play beethoven concertos on the piano . skeptical , you ask for proof . " simple , " your neighbor replies . " see , here 's my dog , and there 's my piano . " only a moron would accept that as " proof , " and yet id-iot christians are more than happy to accept exactly that kind of " proof " from id-iotic films like this . the problem with your neighbor 's " proof " is that it proves only the existence of the dog and the existence of the piano . neither of those issues , however , was the real cause of your skepticism , so the " proof " was entirely meaningless . the critical issue , of course , was not the mere existence of the dog and the piano , but rather the ability of the dog to play the piano , and your neighbor 's " proof " was completely silent on that issue . again , only a moron would accept evidence of mere existence as proof of piano-playing ability . in this book , there 's a lot of talk about how complex certain biological systems are . that is nothing but meaningless bafflegab , because the mere existence of complex systems is not a disputed issue . the disputed issue is how those systems came into being , and on that issue the book 's " evidence " is completely silent . this book was designed to fool poorly educated , easily impressed id-iots . judging from the five-star reviews , it seems to have succeeded . well , there 's a sucker born every minute , and apparently a lot of them are found in evangelical churches and seminaries . in one of the very first evolution debates , thomas huxley accused bishop wilberforce of using his intellectual and oratorical gifts to mislead and bamboozle people . things have n't changed much since then . instead of meaningful evidence , this book substitutes a god-of-the-gaps argument . " gee , look how complex it is . it must have been created by an intelligent designer . maybe , just maybe , it was god . wink , wink . "  god-of-the-gaps arguments are dumb . only ignorant suckers are taken in by them . so if any of those folks who wrote five-star reviews for this book would like to buy a nice bridge in brooklyn or a dog who can play beethoven concertos on the piano , please give me a call . i 'll be happy to provide evidence !
an elf appearing to harry potter warned him not to return for a second year to the school of sorcery . the chamber of secrets , he said , had been opened and a monster is lurking . harry goes anyway and is the only one who can hear the monster , challenge it and save students who have been " petrified " by the monster . age group interest : early teen . i wanted to see what all the rave was about . lots of action , not much morale . trish new , author of the thrill of hope , south state street journal
a writer for the irish echo said this book should have been titled " the protocols of the elders of erin . " it was written around the time al smith was running for president and appealed to the nativist , anti-catholic prejudices of upstate new york and america at that time . while there really were gangs in that era , most of new york 's immigrants were busy building hospitals and schools like st. vincent 's , fordham , st. john 's , manhattan and manhattanville . the vast majority of the city 's population including its immigrants did n't riot in 1863 . in fact new york city 's 200,000 soldiers and sailors , more than half of whom were immigrants , won over 100 + medals of honor during america 's civil war . it 's a tribute to the persistence of prejudice that this book is n't more widely recognized as the nasty practical joke that it is
i find it very difficult to get through half of this book . i have put it down and picked it up more times than i care to mention . it is a waste of time . awful book. .
in the post 9/11 world in which this book , subtitled " the clash between islam and modernity in the middle east " was published , it should not be surprising that the reader would anticipate a discussion of the factors that led up to that awful day . this , however , is not to be found in what went wrong ? instead we are treated to a cerebral discussion of various and sundry esoteric minutiae . we learn , for instance , that , " a distinguishing characteristic of western music is polyphony , by harmony or counterpoint . this begins in its simplest form with the choir , in which matched voices sing different notes in a planned sequence to produce a combined effect ; then comes the keyboard instrument , matching the ten fingers of the two hands , following different routes in a common purpose ; and finally , the musical ensemble , from duets and trios to the full orchestra " . while this is all well and good , and may even be mildly interesting on some academic level , it is hard to understand how it plays into a discussion of " the clash between islam and modernity... " that has led to the precarious times in which we live . or , on another note ( harmony ? counterpoint ? ) we learn that robinson crusoe was translated into arabic by butrus al-bustani and published in the late 1850 's . big deal ! what we do n't learn anything about is the rise of militant islamism . there is no mention of wahhabism or how this fundamentalist islamic movement contributed to the rejection of modernity . the muslim brotherhood also is not to be found in the index , nor is there a mention of sayyid qutb , or his writing of the incendiary manifesto , milestones . furthermore , there is not a single reference to al-qaeda , though usama bin laden does appear , albeit seemingly as an afterthought , in what appears to be a hastily added afterword . so what went wrong ? beats me. .
this is a very bad book . it is poorly written , the characters are caricatures in misery , and it is almost impossible to develop any empathy for them except for the older daughter , who suffers in silence after the devastating , and , to her , mysterious , death of her mother . her father fails in both his calling to ministry and his responsiblities to protect his daughter . he is so distant that he believes what teachers tells him about his child 's behavior , which is a perfectly legitimate childhood grief response , rather than the bad behavior that others choose to label her with indifference to her deep pain and confusion . he fails in his responsibilities to his parishoners by not realizing that he himself is mired in grief and needs a break . i could n't finish this . it is drivel
i was looking forward to reading this book , first in a series . sadly , i gave up on it about 100 pages in . i felt there was so much mundane writing and hardly any dialog between not only the two main characters but between any characters at all . it just feels completely unemotional and without any sort of feeling-there is nothing exciting about this book . the heroine is naive , and not in a good way . i hope the others in this series are better . 1.5 stars
this book provides a good overview of blacks ( slave and free ) in new york . it 's a very good reference ( encyclopedic ) book . my main problem with it is that leslie m. harris , the author , relies heavily ( if not entirely ) on secondary sources . the book , then , is nothing more than a patchwork of various other more scholarly works . hence , finding the actual primary source ( i.e . court decision , council minutes , etc ) proves extremely difficult . i do not recommend this book for advanced students . if , however , you 're interested in an easy read and do n't care about sources , this is the book for you
&quot ; i have received your new book against the human race , and thank you for it . never was such cleverness used in the design of making us all stupid . one longs , in reading your book , to walk on all fours . but as i have lost that habit for more than sixty years , i feel unhappily the impossibility of resuming it . nor can i embark in search of the savages of canada , because the maladies to which i am condemned render a european surgeon necessary to me ; because war is going on in those regions ; and because the example of our actions has made the savages nearly as bad as ourselves.&quot ; voltaire ( 1755
in a world desperate for health solutions , the uneducated masses flock to purported cures and aids that have not met the tests of either scientific or medical validity . alkaline water is one of those potholes that the unsuspecting customer encounters . careful research of this book and related topics finds that the real reason alkaline water is popular is that in pregnant oriental women , it is believed that the use of alkaline water increases the probablility of a boy rather than a girl being born . hence the seven ( 7 ) percent utilization of this water in that part of the world . elsewhere , mycocardia problems with controlled animal tests using alkaline water have been known since 1996 but are suspiciously avoided by the japanese organizations which promote alkaline water . common sense nutrition tells us that if one is concerned about acidic food intake , then the use of alkaline foods with alkaline fibre and neutral ph liquid is the answer . alkaline promoters would have you dilute your sensitive blood ph with high alkalinity thus inducing hematological problems which may put you in the emergency room as my medic ( 1985 nobel prize recipient ) clearly points out . you might as well drink battery acid he said , the result will be the same stress on your blood ph . here is a medic who is not an expert in water but in internal medicine cautioning against forced dilution of blood ph . he continued by saying that when that much alkalinity is added to the digestive system , the very low ph which naturally occurs in the disgestive tract is neutralized and food is not metabolized properly . the various amino acids which are essential in the metabolic process are no longer effective and food putrifies and nutrition suffers . the alkaline promoters , including this book 's author have been sniffing glue in a closed closet and are simply out of touch with even the very basics of body chemistry and metabolic processes . read the book for entertainment and not for education and utility in your daily nutritional program
i found stale recounting of very well-known facts about 20th century technologies and their economics , with no insights . since it covers the gamut from plastics to jet engines to microprocessors , and it 's only 200 pages in a fairly large typeface , i was n't expecting historical depth . but i was expecting at least one fresh idea . i bought it on the strength of a much earlier book by nathan rosenberg ( about technology in the economy of the 19th century ) . i was disappointed . i get the feeling the book is intended as a brief survey for people who just came down in the last shower -- college freshmen born in the 1980s . i 'll bet they find it kinda stodgy
this book is simply horrible . repetitive dialogue and situations . characters that just make you groan and roll your eyes . i 've read two by this author and she 's just awful . both books used the same lines over and over again . the stories chased their tails in circles half the time . dull , repetitive and annoying .
ok , i ca n't deny it , this book was well written . but what made me throw up is the age differance , i mean what the hell ! how can tana like someone who 's 30 years older than her ? that 's aweful ! this is what i really hate about dan 's books , she hooks someone who 's 20 with some1 who 's 35. i do n't find that interesting . all i can say about full circle is that it 's good but so depressing . it made me cry ( which proves that danielle is a good writer ) do n't read this book if you are not ready to get depressed
i have never actually thrown a book across the room in frustration - and i love books , so this is drastic ! spoilers ahead - please do n't read on if you have n't read the book . i managed to ( somehow ) get through the first book , 'wideacre ' , which i disliked - whilst i adore the rest of gregory 's novels , so this was hard for me - and grit my teeth and tried to read this book , the sequel as i 'd bought it and it looked more promising . it was 'marginally better ' as one reader put it , than the first , but a very depressing and frustrating book indeed . i was getting very angry and frustrated after the second half of the book - as many other readers have highlighted , julia 's consistent inability to stand up to richard made it impossible for me to like her anymore . i quite honestly wanted to slap her to wake her up from that dreamy state she was in ! because i wanted so much for julia to be with james - who i liked a great deal . i was so depressed after everything went wrong and she did n't marry him... ah , because i was expecting the usually very clever ms gregory to surprise me and have a twist at the end and say , aha ! she does get her true love in the end and she and ralph get rid of richard and although it 's not happily ever after she learns to grow a backbone and be the very first female heir to wideacre . the rape scene with julia and richard was very violent and far too detailed and i think it may be difficult to stomach for anyone who has ever been in an abusive situation like that , in fact , for anyone at all . i do n't want to get into the tricky area of abortion too much , but i really did feel strongly that julia should have gone to ralph for help when she concieved the child with richard . this was a child of incest and rape - and she knew in her heart there should be no heir for wideacre - they were all simply too inbred and it needed to end somewhere for nothing was going right . clean slate , so to speak . yet she gives the child away - then in her final letter asks james to find the child ? ! what ? ! and i was expecting perhaps a deformed child , after all this inbreeding ( i mean this child is the product of parents who are brother and sister and grandparents who are brother and sister ! ! ! ) but she was perfect and beautiful . i was hoping the gypsies would keep her and she 'd never be found again.. but alas , the lacey madness will live on.. . the perfect end to this book would have been a nice twist . gregory could have made her very good point about inheritance rights and the lack of power women of beatrice and julia 's era had by richard being killed by ralph , then julia inheriting the land - baby sarah is adopted out to the gypsies and never seen again and julia either lives as a widow and runs the land or ( this would have been lovely - i bet all the girls have sighed over james a little , did n't you ? he was a little like the handsome romantic leads in austen 's books ) james forgave her - for they had both made mistakes and julia 's was not intentional nor her fault ( i was practically screaming at her that it was n't her fault - and she gets it in the end , when it 's too late ! ) and they marry and have 'normal ' children - or perhaps none , they just learn from their mistakes and respect each other , and make a fresh start for wideacre . there were so many allies that julia had - she was a sweet girl and i liked her - i wish that i could have shaken her though , i got so mad . so many people in the village offered their help - this trap she was caught in with richard could have been avoided - ahhh.. . so frustrating . i will not be reading the third book in the series . i shall go back to reading gregory 's more historic novels ( a constant princess is one i have n't read yet and it sounds excellent ) . i would n't recommend this one
chromosome 6 has a great premise : what happens if medical technology accelerates to the point that scientists can create genetic doubles for people ; doubles who serve as living organ reservoirs for possible future organ transplant needs-a sort of biological insurance policy ? how much would people pay for this service ? how far would they go to protect it ? what are the moral implications ? robin cook comes full circle , returning to the themes of his 1970s novel , coma . coma is the novel that first made us aware of the dangers of corporate medicine and greed ; of the subtle but relentless destruction of the long-standing relationships patients had with doctors , and the dignity those relationship once preserved . now , a quarter century later , robin cook is shown to have been eerily prescient as technology has caught up to his nightmare . chromosome 6 is a very believable scenario of a technology designed with the best of intentions being corrupted for the sake of profit . in this novel , there is mystery and murder ; medical sleuthing and exotic , international sets . there are a host of characters whose paths will intersect at some point-the set up is brilliant and we read with eager anticipation-but...this novel is so poorly written that i can not believe it has robin cook 's name on it . though not high literature , robin cook 's novels have always been tight and suspenseful , with believable characters and settings that seemed real . the characters in chromosome 6 are as flat as road kill , the action as watered down as a glass of coke left in the sun until all of the ice has melted . turn a page and the story just ends...what ? that 's it ? are you kidding ? did robin cook really write this ? i do n't think so .
well , if anything this was a decently written story , with good dialect and character detail . however , this story felt like it was going around in circles without any indication of ever ending . grafton seems to have an idea of where she wants to go with this story but never really gets there . the story starts off with pi kinsey milhone in her office at night when she hears a knock on her door . she opens it to find janice kepler , mother of lorna kepler standing before her with the tale of her daughter 's mysterious death . not only this , but she also explains to kinsey about how no one ever solved the murder because lorna 's body was left to decompose for ten months in her isolated cabin house . they talk for a while about the strange circumstances surrounding her daughter 's death until janice tells kinsey about a pornographic video that was sent to her house after lorna 's death . this tape leads kinsey on a wild goose chase of suspects in the red light district and gets her nowhere when it comes to turning over the real murderer . millhone dives even further and searches through the world of lorna 's day job where she uncovers a mysterious lead about an expensive , elaborate project which is angering several people a considerable amount . kinsey also checks up on lorna 's family members , and with the exception of janice , all seem to have a motive to murder her lorna . not being a fan of these types of novels , i decided to at least give it a chance but this story got me nowhere . by the middle of the novel i wanted to give up and skip to the end of the story , but when i got to the end i had to go back to the middle to figure out how everything ended . i stopped caring about the whole murder after so much more emphasis was placed on so much side stories and it seemed like grafton did too . the ending left me with a strange feeling and i did n't know if the book had actually ended . all in all , it was just not the right kind of book for me but if you 're a murder mystery fan , try any other of grafton 's alphabet themed novels besides this one
after get shorty , e.l. might just wish shamelessly that his next book with those same chili palmer characters might hit the goldmine and pay dirt and being bought up by the dumb hollywood producers and made into another movie again , with this single-minded purpose focused , e.l. wrote this totally unnecessary sequel to get shorty . and he was right again , it was bought and made into a movie again , but pathetically , a horrible one compared to get shorty . the novel itself was also a complete failure with so many obvious evidences that e.l. indeed wrote it in a way for another movie in mind . i simply failed to find there 's any interest in reading this going nowhere story . it just like reading a double imaged e.l. personified in chili palmer and lobbying so hard to make this novel into a movie , with all the bore-to-death script , dialogue readymade for hollywood to grap . how could you imagine that those winnos in los angeles , especially those who in the hiphop music biz would watch 'charlie rose ' and would have known and recognized chili palmer as the producer of 'get shorty ' ? you think those people would faithfully turned on their tv and channel surfed to pbs to watch 'charlie rose ' ? and at every corner of los angeles , every table in any restaurant , almost everyone would recognize 'chili palmer ' ? and you have to ask yourself : since when people would recognize a behind-the-screen movie producer , even a director in person ? even they stand in front of you and claim themselves they are ? yeah , maybe elmore leonard would watch 'charlie rose ' regularly ? and you think that charlie rose would interview a notorious shylock in his show ? give me a break ! this book , from the 1st page to the last was an absolutely no-brainer , so shallow and so superficious ! just a total unnecessary and unwanted cash-in
gail 's writing is again wonderful in this in book , but i found the book disappointing due to a lack of closure . i felt the book led you up to a particular point in the life of the character 's and then left you wondering in the end what the message was meant to be . i almost felt as if the writer was n't brave enough enough to tell you the ending to a tragic , yet hopeful story . i can only compare this book to the samurai 's garden since i have n't read a third book by this author yet , and i loved the samari 's garden ! so i was surprised that this book lacked closure at the end . i am not sorry that i read this book due to the fact that i enjoy the author 's style of writing
i wanted to like this book , but i found it disappointingly thin . i would n't go so far as the previous reviewer and dismiss it as &quot ; hopeless&quot ; , but it 's certainly superficial : postman seems to rely on secondary sources about enlightenment thought , rather than any deep reading of enlightenment texts . the idea of &quot ; building a bridge to the 18th century&quot ; seems more like a marketing device , a fresh way of presenting some of postman 's familiar themes , than a serious proposition ( he even includes a summary of his &quot ; disappearance of childhood&quot ; argument in an appendix ) . it 's a shame , really , because the enlightenment has been getting too much undeservedly bad press for far too long , and postman is correct when he points out that we owe much of what 's good and admirable about contemporary society to enlightened thinking . for a much more substantial survey and defence of enlightenment thought and culture , read roy porter 's _the creation of the modern world : the british enlightenment_
i would not neccessarily call this book " christian " . it is more of an historical account , bible as literature type of book . it does make you think about different aspects of jesus life , but most of that is speculation or perception . yancey leaves the reader hopeless at the end .
this book started out good but went downhill quickly because of poor research and virtually no understanding of computer systems by the author . i do n't mind authors skipping over technical details of computer systems to keep the plot moving , but if the author decides to provide detailed technical descriptions of encrytion codes , firewalls and hacking techniques , those details must be fairly correct . in this case , the technical details were so wildly implausible that i finally had to stop reading . the part where hackers were gradually forcing their way through a firewall to access nsa data were particularly difficult to read without becoming distracted by the absurd details . the nsa almost certainly does n't have computers with highly classified data connected to the internet ( through any combination of firewalls ) but if they did , they could simply disconnect the internet connection if they were being hacked . besides all that that , the characters were cliched and not well developed . this is all too bad , because the plot was interesting and i would have kept reading if the technical details were either accurate or just avoide
this is one of the worst books ever , do n't buy it
i am a huge clyde edgerton fan , and i 'm sorry to say i was very disappointed with this book . it just never seemed to get off the ground . i was expecting the type of story that i fell in love with in * raney * and * walking across egypt * ( both of which left me in tears , i laughed so hard ) . if you 're looking for listre , you 're not going to find it in this book oh well , i guess i 'll wait on his next one. .
i had to read this book for a diversity class . sennett uses language and sentence construction that is overly ostentatious and difficult to understand . inside this fat book is a very thin book trying to get out . he needed a good editor .
the material is first-rate but his writing style is horrid . his five-part typology of memory does n't make sense since he is basically repeating the same theme for each type of memory in each chapter . the underlying theme is about the destruction and shattering of the self . very poorly written and bad organizatino of his material . there are much better and clearer books on the holocaust ! do n't bother with this one
i have sent away for a book called " lord given lovers : the holy union of david & jonathan " as i find the subject very interesting in this day of same sex marriages , now that david has been used in this subject as married to jonathan , in the days when the scibes who wrote the law against such things , i would like to know why david and jonathan were not stoned to death according to that same law , and if david did such a thing , i would believe that all the jews then would have did so to , copying david and jonathan ` s example
i was anxious to read the reviews on this book and i am happy to find its not just me ! her words and sentences are redundant ! yes " wacky artist " was used about 50 times in the span of 2 pages ! liam picked up a poker and scared the daughter ! we know ! do n't tell us 100 times ! this is what i think : either ms. steel thinks so little of her devoted audience that she feels we need to be spoon fed the material...or she 's just writing whatever comes to mind and no one is editing . is d. steel so popular and successful that no one has to proof read her work ? also , is it cold stone sober ? or stone cold sober ? ( it should have been the latter ) no editor caught that mistake ? i 've been a fan of ms. steel 's work for 21 years now and the past few year 's works have been deplorable ! i first excused it due to the death of her son. . but her talent never picked up again . from the ranch onward the books are just pure fluff . if you want to read a novel and not think about what you 're reading...then read her books , this one especially . if you want to read and process and fall in love with characters try barbara delinsky , luanne rice , alison clement , susan wiggs. .
it has been said time and again that experience is the best teacher . antony flew , the world 's number one atheist ( at least with respect to the rare ability to argue his point without using ad hominem arguments ) has recanted his atheism . philosophically , flew was a rationalist . having accepted the empirical evidence of intelligent design in nature , he was able to liberate himself from the tunnel vision of rationalism and hence from the shackles of irrational atheism . flew himself would give this book one star . so , i do n't think it ungracious to do the same
having read ( and thoroughly enjoyed ) levitt 's freakonomics , i picked up " hidden order : the economics of everyday life " looking for more of the same . unfortunately , i was sadly disappointed . i get the impression the author intended to write a freakonomics-type book , but was only able to come up with 40 pages of material ( located at the end of the book ) . facing an irate publisher , he then filled in the initial 290 pages with his old economics lecture notes . as a result , readers who have taken an elementary economics course will find much of the material repetitive , while those who have not will most likely find the material too confusing to be of any real use . ( despite the glowing accolades on the cover , the author 's explanations are no better than those available in a standard textbook . )  the author also posits end-of-chapter questions for the reader to ruminate upon , but does not provide any answers . aside from formal textbooks where such questions are intended to be assigned to students , such tactics are unconscionable . of course , the author may be priming the pump for sales of a " hidden order supplement " . a final negative point is the author 's tone , which is frequently condescending towards the reader ( e.g . telling the reader they would not understand the math behind a given theory , so it will not even be presented ) . while this may be true for a layperson reading the book , being talked down to certainly does nothing to build their confidence or cultivate their interest in the subject matter . overall , if you can borrow a copy from a friend or a library , the last 40 pages are worth reading . otherwise , save your time and money . reviewer 's background : b.sc . ( computing science & mathematics ) m.b.a. ( finance & marketing ) ph.d. ( finance )
if you are going to walt disney world resort for the first time and want to keep some mystery until you actually ride the attractions , then this book may not be for you . some of the descriptions for the various attractions go step-by-step through them , including plot points in 3d movies and so on . the book also leaves a lot out in other areas , such as dining ( little coverage ) , getting around walt disney world , and off-site hotels and dining . for me , the unofficial guide to walt disney world ( by bob sehlinger ) was much better at giving me the info i needed without giving away any details as to the surprises on the rides . that is , it told me what might frighten a youngster , what might bore an adult , and so on , but it did n't say specifically what would happen at every stage of any of the attractions . just generalizations about the ride , then specific warnings for different types of people . the only things birnbaum offers that the unofficial guide does n't are pictures and info on some of the ancillary activities such as parasailing . if you have an internet connection , you do n't need the pictures . and as for the ancillary activities as well as nice maps , you ca n't beat the passporter book on disney world . so , for me , the unofficial guide plus the passporter yields the best trip planning library for walt disney world . if you like , you can also pick up the ez-guide , as it also has some interesting maps and info . as for birnbaum 's , it really does n't have anything to offer . i would n't recommend against buying it , though , except for the " let me tell you the plot and ending to the movie before you go " mentality . i hate spoilers , and wish someone had warned me before i started reading this book
mr. friedman 's book begins with an interesting thesis , defining morality and its definition within a context of economic growth . the idea that economic growth or stagnation effects the mindsets of the people living in that time period is a logical argument that friedman often well supports with historical facts . however , the exceptions to his argument make me wonder if he really believes in his own thesis , or if he just felt the need to write a book . furthermore , for every chapter in the book , there seem to be at least one or more flawed arguments or points that , with a little thorough thought or research , do n't make sense or can easily be disproven . with these things being the case , i find friedman 's argument a little hard to buy . the entire book seems to build up to the final chapter , which friedman uses to make policy recommendations that would aid in economic growth ; this final chapter could have stood alone from the book entirely , however , because the evidence in the book an his arguments elsewhere in the book ( ie . the importance of education ) do not add or support his final policy recommendations . his policy recommendations could have easily been listed by students in an economics class as responses to the question " what should the government do to promote economic growth ? " they do n't push the argument forward or indicate anything that has n't already been suggested in the past , nor do they give suggestions as to how to go about implementing his policies .
for decades , african-american studies scholars have left issues facing non-heterosexuals to the side . for years , " queer " scholars have left concerns of people of color to the side . this anthology tries to address that void . it goes a long way in proving that black , gay academics can be just a rigorous and hardcore as white gay ones or straight black ones . the anthology has representative numbers of men and women . in some ways , it 's a who 's who of black gay academia , including works from cathy cohen , dwight mcbride , and jewelle gomez . still , there is much about this book that frustrated me . a few years ago , a study was done of black lgbts and most respondents said they hated the term " queer , " yet the academics here champion it . really , if " queer " is supposed to represent the four groups equally , then this book was quite lacking in its coverage of bisexuals and the transgendered . this is surprising given famous black bisexual writers such as alice walker , stuart hall , and june jordan . often " people of color " is used when only blacks are brought up ; latinos , asians , and native americans barely come up in this book at all . james baldwin is brought up often here . i understand that . his writings were rigorous and often dealt with racial and sexual issues simultaneously . still , i kept thinking about how bell hooks once wrote that toni morrison gets a lot of attention when publishers wo n't print the works of black women that are equally as sophisticated . james baldwin deserves his crown in black , gay letters , but i 'm concerned about him being the only one to get to wear a crown . several books have been printed about the many non-hetero members of the harlem renaissance , yet that group hardly comes up here . james is getting a bit played out and the authors here are not helping change that tendency . finally , i had beef with many of the essays . charles nero has great points but his essay is really two works glued together . can anyone really say the whiteness of new orleans ' " gay ghetto " is due to " chasing amy " or " six feet under " ? one author could have written quickly about how he supported a gay , feminine student when that student was condemned by a masculine , heterosexual one . instead , he went on and on in unnecessary jargon and babble . kara keeling 's essay was 90 % theory and 10 % a discussion of dunye 's " watermelon woman . " why bother to bring up the film if you 're barely going to discuss it ? i was n't really feelin ' this text , but that 's not to say it did n't have great aims
in a review remarkable for saying nothing about the book , popop from boston ( april 9 below ) alludes to some children blown up by an ira bomb in a north of england shopping center . popop is very broad-minded . it pains him that anyone would bad-mouth such " armed operations " . they were perfectly justified , he explains , because of thousands of innocent irish catholics murdered at the hands of the british army . i know why thousands of murders are important to popop . without them , while he might justify random bombings in his own mind , he could hardly do so in decent company . but i live in ireland , not america , where news of these murdered thousands has not reached us . gerry adams never said a word about them , not wishing to be laughed out of the country . he had to make the most all these years of a dozen fellows caught in a crossfire in derry in 1973 . i guess he saved the big one for the broad-minded boyos in boston . what of all those dollars that popop broad-mindedly dropped in the semtex collection box ? they were not wasted . thousands of irish really were murdered - mostly not catholics but all of them really dead - at the hands of the disorganization that mr adams always denied being a member of . to be sure , his non-henchmen failed to terrorize the northern irish into caving in , but his enforcer , who can barely write his own name , did get to be minister of education ( i 'm not making this up ; i could n't ) . oh , and the book is quite thought-provoking . there 's a lot about bushes , arabs and the wrong kind of tax-cuts that went over my head . there 's wit of a subtlety rarely seen since voltaire - you can tell by the capitals and ! ! ! ! . there are explanations of 9/11 to suit every taste , whichever bush you blame . myself , i suspect those enrons . but mr moore did discover :  " there ... is ... no .. . terrorist .. . threat ! "  he paid us a flying visit , dined with some ira capos who were laughing up their sleeves , and found the solution to the irish question without breaking sweat : everybody should be nice to each other
investment biker : 1-1/2 stars , just barely escapes the lowest possible rating . this is a book about what a tom wolfe-style master of the universe does on holiday . it 's nearly impossible to have an " adventure " when you are carrying 10 ( ! ) platinum credit cards . he got cold and wet a few times , worried about finding gas , did n't always have hotel rooms up to his standards , and had delays at some borders , yawn . the adventure must have been resisting the urge to buy an airline ticket back to new york using one of his many visa cards . i rode a bicycle around the world for 19 months at about the same time mr. rogers was having his " adventure . " i am stunned that he perceived so little in his long travels . i do n't know how someone could travel in foreign countries that extensively and end up completely unchanged by the experience . however , this fits perfectly with his huge arrogance , which is truly the theme of the book . he already knows it all and will tell you all about it . which makes one wonder : why did he bother to leave ny city in the first place ? i guess it was a good opportunity to pose with and boink the attractive and young ( naive and pliable ? -- certainly lubricious ) daughter of one of his clients . and a good opportunity to pump himself up by feeling superior to all those " brown faces " he 's driving through . the arrogance , the arrogance ! typical privileged , right-wing know-it-all . i 'd like to see him try to survive in the peruvian highlands without all his money and fancy equipment . this is not a travel book : mr. rogers uses his trip as a way to sell a long economic rant . you can save yourself a lot of time by just reading his final chapter , " afterword . " i will summarize his position : governments are bad ; smart , rich guys like me are good ( remember october 1929 ? ) . many of his predictions are laughably wrong . he advocated selling the us economy short in 1993 . look at the us stock market performance from 1993 through 2000 ... gosh ! idiot ! some reviews are touting his prescience on markets . hello ? how about his predictions on the biggest economy in the world ? mr. rogers ' writing is very poor and it 's loaded with cliche 's . he and tabitha are always zooming on " powerful steeds " into " gorgeous scenery " , or " steep , craggy mountains " into " glitzy , glamorous hotspots " or " delightful , cozy hostels " , or across " hot , empty , flat deserts " into " dumps " that are not up to american standards . he 'll " describe " one of the greatest mountain chains on earth , the andes , as " the top of the world " ( p. 315 ) for five short sentences and then move on to more important matters like further adventures with border guards and investing . great writing ? rubbish ! i think he used a computer program to come up with his " descriptions " of the places he went . mr. rogers is woefully ignorant about the places he goes - and he does n't learn anything along the way . he views the world exclusively through the keyhole of economics . most of the " interesting facts " he mentions about theses places are just wrong . one indicative example : he describes the moreno glacier in argentina as , " one of the few in the world still moving . " ( p. 294 ) i found myself laughing out loud many times at his " facts " and descriptions . if you want to understand the distribution of goods in the world , read " guns , germs , and steel , " by jared diamond . if you want to read about a real motorcycle trip , read ted simon 's " jupiter 's travels , " or robert fulton 's , " one-man caravan . "  for good travel books , try : " seven years in tibet " ( harrer ) , " news from tartary " ( fleming ) , " arabian sands " ( thesiger ) , " gypsy moth circles the world " ( chichester ) , " sailing around the world " ( slocum ) , " motoring with mohammed " ( hanson ) , " full tilt " ( murphy ) , " a short walk in the hindu kush " ( newby ) , or " eastern approaches " ( maclean ) " my life with the eskimo " ( stefansson ) , " endurance " ( lansing ) . i could go on and on . " investment biker " is poorly-written drivel compared to all these and so many more . " investment biker , " a classic ? that 's ridiculous . from another review : " greatest book on finance , business , travels ever " that comment almost leaves me speechless . obviously written by someone who has read very few travel books indeed
the case for marriage makes arguments supportive of pres . bush 's policies on marriage . however , howard kurtz of the washington post ( 1/26/5 ) reports that maggie gallagher was paid over $ 40,000 by the bush administration to write columns and a " private " report supporting its $ 300 million hhs marriage initiative . mr. kurtz reports that ms. gallagher filed a column apologizing to her readers , writing " i should have disclosed a government contract when i later wrote about the bush marriage initiative . i would have , if i had remembered it . " she also states she was " aware vaguely " that her work was federally funded . it must be vaguely hard to remember being paid $ 40,000 . bad memory , vagueness , national column : what will we say to the children ? i wonder who paid ms. gallagher to write this book
i was lured into reading under the volcano after seeing its inclusion on the modern library 's one hundred best of the 20th century and after reading a reviewer compare it to james joyce ( i am an amateur joycean who tries to read ulysess , portrait of the artist , and dubliners at least annually ) . lowry has nothing that likens him to joyce . this book is leaden and tedious . i forced myself to finish it because i hate to start a book and not finish it . but it was no labor of love . it was simply a labor .
this is not one of lonely planet 's best guides . there is suprisingly little information . for example , the book mentions that there are a few companies that give day tours from rekyavik but doesnt tell you anything about how they compare in price or services . basically , everything in the guide and more can be found at the tourist information center in rekyavik , which luckily is run very well . i found this really disappointing since iceland is very expensive and i was hoping to keep down costs ( in reality this is almost impossible , even eating at the grocery store i was spending 10 dollars a meal for bread and cheese ) furthermore , iceland is a very small country and it would have been very easy to have given a lot more details . as with any tour book some of the info is out of date . some of the museums and businesses were closed including the icelandic phallogical museum . it also seemed that this book was written for the high season in the summer months . i went in march and found the information on the offseason limited and sometimes inaccurate . i usually trust lonely planet but in this case i would have tried one of the other guide book companies or simply visit the tourist center when you get there .
i think the linda howard who wrote white lies , sarah 's child , duncan 's bride , mackenzies mountain , diamond bay,etc . is one of the most talented current romance writers . unfortunately , when she gave up the genre romances and turned to the " big time " , her writing started to decline . she is clearly in over her head now . what a shame she could n't stick to a format in which she excelled and warmed the hearts of millions of readers . this just goes to show that one should figure out where one excels and stick to it . this is pure " peter principle " in action . too bad
that so many people gave this book five stars really concerns me . luckily , i bought this book used , otherwise i might be kicking myself for paying full price . between her utterly uninspired " devotional dances " to things such as sex , wisdom , and the " sticky one " ( a term she made up for the astral body ) , and her constant blabber about masturbation and rubbing your juices all over everything to " anoint " it , i was unimpressed , to say the least . however , driving on a trip a friend and i got a lot of laughs out of flipping through this book . it 's very , very amusing if you do n't take it seriously . the thing that makes me sad is that she 's just using her sexuality to sell a feel good waste of paper with absolutely no depth . there 's nothing evolutionary about it , unless you consider being a wanton , idiotic freak " evolutionary " . if this is what humanity is evolving into , i am frightend
this book dragged on and on . the ending was stupid and the plot was pathetic . very similiar to the devil wears prada which was also bad . do n't waste your time on this one
unlike cussler 's other series , i found this first story of the " oregon files " slow going at first and rather confusing . there are just too many things going on ( no problem , i suppose , for multi-taskers ! ) and way too many characters to keep track of . also , there 's little to no character development even of " mr. chairman " , juan cabrillo . the fact that he and his companions are mercenaries ( with a penchant for good deeds that pay well ) does n't compare favorably with the numa heroes . however , the plots were intriguing and getting the golden budda out of the country was exciting and more like the roller coaster rides i expect from mr. cussler and co-writers . i look forward to the subsequent oregon files with high hopes .
sparks must have had a momentary lapse of reason when he decided to take a stab at suspense by writing the guardian . this book is awful . the storyline is weak and predictable , the dialogue is excruciatingly lame , and the characters are poorly developed and lack depth and chemistry . there is virtually no romance , which is the reason to read sparks ' books . i ca n't tell you how many times i rolled my eyes at the stupid things people said , the way the dog seems to be human , and the predictability of the plot . this book is so poorly written and so lame i have trouble believing sparks wrote it . if you want a good plot with romance mixed in , read message in a bottle or a walk to remember . if you want suspense , read mary higgins clark or agatha christie ; they do a far better job with it than sparks does .
i read this book and i think presented material is not practical in commercial applications . in my opinion better solution is writting tests and using aspects to integrate applications . i know this is something different from contracts , by i think contracts are to complex , hard to maintain and lacks of support for multithreaded problems . for me another problem with contracts is problem in describing complex constraint that exists in problem domain . for example how to describe that objects must be cloned , not passed by reference or how to check that objects holded by readonly list not change their state during operations on list ? regards , marci
some may disagree , and in fact , many have asked me why i disliked this one so much ; so , here is why :  - scratch 'plotting'... by this point in the story , 'plodding ' is more accurate . - caracatures over characters . a staple of the series , 2d characters ; but by this point , when new characters keep getting introduced this late in the story , it becomes an annoyance , a drag and overkill . - virtually zero gain . the entire first half of the book is a rescue mission for a minor character and the mission , once accomplished ( or not ) is forgotten by the end of the book . the third fourth of the book finally starts to swing thigns back to the original lb premise of end times doom and gloom thanks to the horrific judgments ; sadly , it 's very boring and slow . however.. .  -... the book does n't get good until the last fourth . and that , my friends , is not good for the overall quality of this entry in the series . by this point , it 's obvious that the authors were really stretching it . however , as i said , things got really good in the last few chapters and led into 'armageddon ' , one of the best books in the series . how ironic . thumbs way down for left behind : the remnant . it 's sad when the best part of the book is a scene involving the antichrist sunbathing on a rooftop .
... and the maps are worthless . two examples of the many glaring inaccuracies contained in this book : 1 ) rick claims you can pick up a bus map in any tourist information kiosk . the following is an actual transcript of our conversation with the tourist info lady : us : buon giorno . do you speak english ? info lady : of course . us : we 'd like to go to vatican city . may we have a bus map please ? info lady : a bus map ? for roma ? us : um , yes . info lady : no such thing exists . 2 ) rick claims you can see everything you want to see in the vatican in one morning : st. peter 's basilica , the vatican museums , the sistine chapel - everything . um , rick ? have you ever been there ? did you notice the 40,000 other people there all trying to get in to the same things ? did you notice the priceless and beautiful works of art on practically every surface ? did it occur to you that people might , perhaps , want to stop and admire a large number of them ? light a candle ? say a prayer ? some of us , also , have to behind a crowd of 35 elderly germans to look at michaelangelo 's pieta , and everything else . methinks ol ' rick either spends an average of 15 minutes apiece on the most astonishing and pleasurable spots in rome , or is comfortable elbowing foreign senior citizens in the ribs
this book is not very helpful and confusing to use . a lot of the information it provides is information you can read on the food labels if you buy those brands .
gives many examples of weapons , most of which are useful . gives no/few examples of rings/armours/rods/staffs/shields  does n't really think out a lot of the bonuses , also i question a lot of the penalties one has to take to use a legacy weapon . about the only table worth taking is 4-1 , or 4-2 . sure its a minus three to your saves , and a minus 2 to your attack power , and a whole slew of hp . the rest of them are so painful they are n't worth taking . also all the caster " tables " the ones your suppost to use if your a caster but losing caster levels and spell slots left and right does n't make any sense . no matter what feats and wizardry skills its not worth it . those could have been more thought out . also i question the fact that in some cases the lowest tables , a , d , and g. seem to be a lot better than the b , e and h tables just from the way they interact with things . i do fully agree that the top end capability you can add to your legacy item is quite powerful , the i table is filled with many useful things the you wish you could have picked two of them . what i wish/want was if they 're was some way to trade lower level slots to get you the capacity to get two i table skills . also some way to get either more or less slots if you take a less dangerous or more dangerous tables of the legacy grid . the rules for weapons and fighters/barbarians/paladins/rangers . are very well thought out and are very powerful . yet for anyone other class they need heavy modification to be workable . in a caster heavy campaign like the one i run and participate in its a very low value book
i found the book very difficult to use and almost never had what i was looking for . the small dictionary in the back of my eyewitness travel guide was much more useful
it 's not that the actual story is nonsense but they guy has included so much 'fluff ' that you get board waiting on a paragraph with real content . this book was so frustrating , i really wish i had saved myself the bother of reading it
the photos are beautiful , the designs are just wonderful...but if you have kids this is not real life . this is a magazine lifestyle . you could only do this if you had an unlimited budget , there are no true solutions for real families with real children and real budgets . sure my home could be organized if i had an open checkbook and could have such fabulous built-ins , and all the baskets i could buy ! stick with the real simple magazine and leave the book for the coffee table .
this book is mostly hype . the writing is not that great . japan must be really dying out if the country of some of the world 's great literary giants can award such a prize for such weak work . however the book has erotic energy and is fresh in that way . if you are a serious reader skip this book .
this is a kids book . first few had my attention but since then its getting worse with each book .
i keep reading and listening to his books because everyone says how good they are , but i have never found this to be so . he always strikes me as someone who potters around never really interacting with people who then goes home and writes about it . he seems more at home studying statistics ( which he includes everywhere ) and drawing his own facile conclusions from these statistics . i always imagine him stuck in his room reading his newspaper , surfing the net and smugly summing up his brief interactions with people in the real world . all his travel books are equally awful as he never really interacts with anyone - just comments on them later . still lots of people think he is grea
sorry guys , i looked forward to working on recipes from this cookbook due to the very enthusiastic reception it received from the media . the graphics of the book are truly beautiful . the recipes however , hmmm , try again . i followed a simple recipe for apple crisp and got a bad result . i now go to respected standard cookbooks for my apple crisp recipe and the old family favorite always turns out great . really people , the recipes are not the stuff of greatness . graphics ? great . photography ? great ? recipes ? you have got to be kidding
imagine , just as i was getting bored with this book , through an odd act of contingence its binding literally fell apart in my hands . a loki-eshu-hermetic encounter ? what a thankful rescue . rambling and indulgent , such repetition would be better kept to a long essay rather than a full book . a trickster 's story , indeed
so you pick up this book and read on the back cover the exciting quote about hemingway 's ghost and you 're ready to drop some cash , right ? guess what--there 's zero information about the hemingway haunting in this book ! in addition , old ataulfo of madrid has less words wasted on him than an asthmatic 's version of handel 's halleluja chorus . instead , what 's offered here is a rehash of old stories ( and old theories about what ghosts could be ) with insipid , comic book illustrations . why this is called a &quot ; field guide&quot ; with its connotation of an exhaustive reference to every kind of manifestation of a particular phenomenon--be it birds , plants , or mushrooms--is yet another part of the mystery of why this book exists . if you 're a serious researcher of this subject , then pass this book up and seek hem 's fetch elsewhere
creepiest book ever . how can i describe it ? it 's like waking from fevered dreams to find yourself in a bathtub filled with molasses and blood , and flies crawling in and out of your eyes , your nose , the corners of your mouth . it is unpleasant . i do n't know , i hate to be the philistine , and i suppose it 's a good thing that these books exist , for other people , but for me ? i do n't want to live in such ugliness
leaving the racism issue aside , this is not a book for small children . even if everything turns out ok in the end , i 'm not prepared to expose my children to issues of capital punishment and the drowning death of a small boy . small children forget the ending and focus on the scary parts in between . perhaps i 'm a softie , but let 's allow them to be children and not worry about being wrongfully accused of murder and sentenced to death by beheading . just because it 's a classic does n't make it appropriate reading .
racism is not the problem with this book - sure...5 chinese brothers look alike -maybe they look alike because they are brothers , not because they are chinese . i bought this book because generally i love the books written in earlier times - they have a quaintness about their stories and illustrations that can transport you and your child to another time . this book does have engaging illustrations . what i find disturbing is the fact that this is a book for children yet :  ( 1 ) a little boy drowns , never to be seen again ( 2 ) one brother is tried , arrested and sentenced to have his head cut off ( 3 ) the people of the village assemble in the village to witness the execution where the " executioner took his sword and struck a mighty blow " ( 4 ) the next brother was sentenced to be drowned and was thrown overboard from a boat ( 5 ) the next brother is sentenced to be burned alive - he was tied up to a stake and set fire ( 6 ) the next brother is sentenced to be suffocated - he 's shovelled into an oven  this is no more appropriate for a child ( or adult for that matter ) in 1936 than it is in 2005 . now , a lot of you are probably thinking i 'm one of those mothers who just needs to get a sense of humour and lighten up . i 'm not...i love the giving tree , and can put naughty eloise ( and the smoking nanny ) in context , as i can many other books that polarise readers . i really wanted to like this book but trust me....if you buy it , you will have lots of uncomfortable explaining to do to a young child . an eight year old may be able to put it in context , but there is no way you should read this to a four year old . if you want a great book written in the 1930s , buy ferdinand the bull instead . it 's a fantastic book .
unfotrunately shantaram did not grab my imagination at all . nor did i find it emotionally satisfying . i realize shataram is meant to be a kind of bollywood story - over the top , flowery , cliched etc . but the bollywood movies i 've seen have been engaging and strangely satisfying , despite their soppyness etc . shantaram was not engaging because the poor writing and shallow characters spoil the story .
first i have to admit , i only read 150 pages of this book . that was all i could possibly stand . life is just too short to waste on a book you do n't enjoy reading . ballas , our main character , is a drunk and a scoundrel . one is not sure whether they should root for or against him . he is a vagrant , thief , and all around not so nice guy . he steals a mysteriously beautiful gemstone , which sets into motion something........i got too bored to stick around and find out what . the first 150 pages are filled with ballas being beaten within an inch of his life , coming to , healing enough to move on , only to be beaten within an inch of his life again . ok , we get it , let 's get on with the story . i just got too bored to stay with this one folks . maybe it got better , but to me , if an author ca n't write well enough to grab and maintain my attention , their book is n't worth my time . there are too many great books out there . read this one at your own risk , if you can stay awake through it , that is
by arguing that human rights comes from some vague concept of " dignity " and " familiarity " rather than sentience and feeling , fukuyama brings to mind the european colonists who considered africans no more than " common beasts . " his philosophy , although argued in a tone that seems reasonable , is at turns startingly narrow-minded and genetically-racist . not reccomended : readers should look otherwheres for a more balanced and less judgemental review of biotechnology and ethics
do n't waste your money on this book . i will finish the book because it is our book club choice . the characters are shallow and self centered . the writing is middle school quality . kris radish seems to have an agenda she is pushing and she was going to get it all into this book come hell or high water . no poetry and no beauty , i could care less about the women in this book . who could possibly think life 's problems could be solved by walking away from them while drinking lots of wine ? i treasure my sisters and women friends but i would n't want to be a friend to any of these women . i would give it no stars if i could
the book is amazing ! the cd is horrible ! stick to reading the book yourself . i have over 45 audio books...and this was like listen to a bad commercial . i had to turn it off . there is no connection between the narrator and the words he is reading . they do n't even state who the narrator is ! i recommend the book to anyone . the content is life changing
mr. cahills book offers an interesting and controversial take on history . he is an excellent and compelling writer , but his differentiation between pre and post diaspora israelites when discussing the celts in several of his books is not always clear . it was only the post-babylonian diaspora southern kingdom israelites who came to be known as jews , around 500 bc . it was the post-assyrian diaspora ( 721 bc ) of the larger ten-tribed northern kingdom israelites who became what we today call the celts . it is they who are both the island celts who populated ireland , scotland , wales , etc. , and their cousins , the continental celts who sacked the roman empire under many celtic tribal names and who make up most of northwest europe today . the author could perhaps clarify this part of his presentations on european history by reviewing losttribes.net or any other modern celtic site based on contemporary archeology .
sorry guys , i looked forward to working on recipes from this cookbook due to the very enthusiastic reception it received from the media . the graphics of the book are truly beautiful . the recipes however , hmmm , try again . i followed a simple recipe for apple crisp and got a bad result . i now go to respected standard cookbooks for my apple crisp recipe and the old family favorite always turns out great . really people , the recipes are not the stuff of greatness . graphics ? great . photography ? great ? recipes ? you have got to be kidding
all i could think was , " damn , if i had so many friends at my beck and call to talk me down off the ledge , i 'd never be depressed . " i do n't know quite how to explain it , but i felt no empathy for him . i only ended up feeling more depressed . as a history of depression , the level of research was quite impressive . if you read prozac nation and wanted to punch her out , steer clear of this one as well
roberts ' little fable pits a wholly benign free-trade against absolute protectionism and guess which one looks better . based on the theories of david ricardo , the fable assumes that every worker in the world is always treated fairly and every boss is kind and responsible . in the choice there are no sweat shops and no corrupt ceos . fables like the choice ( or the " free-market economy " for that matter ) are easy to believe because we want the world to be that simple . that 's why the book is dangerous . the choice has almost nothing to do with the real world , but it sounds good . the argument is so seamless that it appears almost unassailable . if you buy roberts ' version of ricardo , however , you must accept wal-mart as the epitome of business virtue . roberts may be a great guy , and he certainly writes well . unfortunately , his book begins with a series of fallacious premises and works its way toward a conclusion that is simple , elegant , and horribly wrong
this book turned out to be a disappointing resource . although the book includes 20,001 names , many are unlikely and outlandish ( klotild , edwige , ghislain , ethelbert , birtle ) , making it arduous to sift through to find the names more worthy of consideration
" an american tragedy " by theodore dreiser is considered one of the greatest american books ever written . this may be the case if you can get past the first chapter . five times , i have tried to read this book . to date , i am 0 for 5 , having fallen asleep each time trying to read it . if you 're a bit of a lazy reader or one who does n't want to work through a book , this is not for you . try mark twain instead
professor solove comments about me on page 147 are out and out lies . search washingtonpost.com news archives for " john and holt and and gsa " for the true story . john emory holt
i 've read all of nevada barr 's anna pigeon books and enjoyed every one of them until i reached hard truth . after writing so many intellligent , suspenseful stories , barr has joined what seems to be an open competition among mystery writers to see who can come up with the most despicable crime . murder 's not nasty enough ? how about the murder of children ? still not gruesome enough ? add incest/rape/torture...you get the picture . ostensibly such books are meant to give the reader insight into the minds of evil villains , but really , who cares ? the kind of evil depicted in these books is not just disgusting but banal . it 's like bad language in humor--in general , it 's just a cover for bad writing . in hard truth , barr outdoes all of the competition for sheer nastiness , in the process leaving out the features that make her other books so enjoyable : the charm and intelligence of her main charcter , the well-reasoned defense of nature , the lush descriptions of each story 's setting . i found this book neither enlightening nor remotely enjoyable . i give it two stars for an interesting but largely wasted character ( a recently paralyzed ice climber ) , but otherwise i 'm sorry i spent my time and money on it
some times it is nice to have a book that points out the obvious . you can be too close to a problem to notice the obvious . unfortunately this book is too obvious . and it is all fluff with no substance . wait you say . this is a design book what do you want ? code ? i really wanted design . so where is it ? between the pages that tell how to use exotic tools to do what html can ? or is it between the lines that keep emphasizing speed ? or is it that this is one big advertisement for the contributors ? oh well , it makes you look scholarly to have this book on the koffee table
i own and have read all of ja jance 's jp beaumont and joanna brady mysteries and eagerly look forward to the next episodes in these character 's lives . i picked this book up , thinking it would be on par with all the ja jance books i 've read previously . what a crashing disappointment . i ca n't care about stereotypical characters in unbelievable situations - truth be told , i kept looking at the cover to see if i 'd picked up a harlequin by mistake . i 'll probably read more ali reynolds books if this is indeed a new series , but i 'd much rather see what happens with jp and joanna - incidentally , i did n't think much of either of them , either , when their paths crossed some books ago . this one gets a big " aw , c'mon , ja , you can do much better than this ! " from me . for those who have n't read previous books and happened to have the bad luck to pick this one up as your first jaj , get the jp beaumonts and start at the beginning . they are worth the time and effort
considering that this is virtually the first attempt ( as far as i know ) at a dictionary of the pentecostal/charismatic movement , this is a good start . it is worth the price for what it does contain but it is not without glaringflaws.the title &quot ; international&quot ; leads one to expect much more coverage of pentecost outside of the u.s. canada , where pentecostal movements thrived in parallel with those in the u.s. , is given very scanty treatment.some major early canadian apostles , such as o.j . lovik , are skipped entirely . there is also too much opportunity given for some controversial movements to propagandize . a balanced article would necessitate an article by an unbiased observer , rather than by the leaders of those movements.finally , there is too much credence and space given to sociological assessments of a movement that requires , above all else , keen spiritual discernment to separate the wheat from the chaff . that said , i will consult my copy often , for the great amount of useful material it does contain
this book is filthy . i had to take a shower after i read it . why does n't he get a job ? why does he have to live in france ? why does n't he save his money instead of investing it in alcohol and hookers ? so many questions . people just think this book deserves a place on the same shelf as say james michenier because it was banned . it was banned because it 's a bad book
mr. winchester takes an interesting subject , collects enough material to make a fine article in , say , national geographic , and somehow pads it out to several hundred pages in length . ( case in point , a chapter devoted to how he found an interesting fossil by the seaside while a kid , but loses it , and his journey back to the site of this failure of his to wallow in the misery of this horrible loss . ick . self-induldgent . boring . ) worse , still , even where there is a potential for interesting and enlightening material , such as relates , say , to the subject 's wife , all mr. winchester bothers to give us are some gossipy speculations . i guess extensive research might have been too time consuming . numerous times i considered stopping reading the book because the writing was so dreadful , but the subject was just interesting enough to keep me going , hence my review of two stars . john mcphee could have covered the actual science of geology way better than mr. winchester , and just about any other author could have done a better job of telling the personal story
while i applaud ms. lawrence for educating fans on the gross injustices within the hendrix family and for having a commendable understanding of janie hendrix 's psychological make up that is lost even on many who are within her orbit , there are some very serious credibility problems here . while even the idle hendrix fan knows jimi was born in king county hospital , ( now harbor view ) lawrence states he was born at the home of a family friend . ( ouch ) jimi is quoted allegedly verbatum throughout the book but from some alledged tapes of interviews that no one has seen or heard and that lawrence conveniently plans on destroying so 'no one can profit from them'.meanwhile cigarette packs ( yes , cigarette packs ) and necklaces are being sold via ebay or to private collectors allegedly having belonged to hendrix ,siting ms. lawrence as the previous owner and source of authenticity . at one point she aledgedly quotes hendrix as saying :  " the lsd passed around san francisco was a fabulous discovery for me , i 'd taken acid in london but.... "  aside from jimi 's use of the word 'fabulous ' being at best incredulous , the fact that hendrix had already tried lsd in new york in 1996 before going to england and subsequently monterey is common knowledge among afficianados and again makes all of these alledged direct quotes questionable . those of you who have listened to and read the hundreds of hours of interviews available through collectors , official releases and press clippings will also find some of the wording of these alledged quotes that the book , and the credibility of it 's author are based on , extremely suspect . at one point ms. lawrence even offers an aledged quote from hendrix 's mother who passed away in 1958 :  " jimi baby " she told her son " i have to escape this "  while quotes like this can illicit an emotional response from the average reader,they are clearly fictional . throughout the book people close to jimi are referenced but very sparsely quoted , if at all . i shared the recount of jimi 's trip to berkeley as a small child ( pg.5 ) with jimi 's aunt delores and she laughed openly and wondered aloud where people come up with these stories . this from a woman who was actually there and involved in planning said trip . while making a reference to ernestine benson and misstakenly referring to her husband cornel as " bill " , lawrence again allegedly quotes hendrix in lieu of an actual interview with the benson 's who are both still living and have incredible first hand insights having lived with the hendrix 's . lawrence 's assertion that hendrix committed suicide simply because his journal was left out is no less ridiculous than jimi 's adopted stepsister janie 's claim that jimi did n't od . lawrence then stops just short of gleefully giving herself credit for monika 's suicide , but the jist is clear . this book is more than a bit narcissistic with lawrence lauding herself as much as she does her subject . while proclaiming herself to be a close confident of hendrix ' the general consensus is that she was n't around that much , if people even know who she is at all . for a much more well researched and credible look into jimi 's life read electric gypsy or even more so , the new book room full of mirrors by charles cross . the man , the magic , the truth , while very dramatic , is rife with glaring inaccuracies and is for the most part a novel about the author and her subject , not a biography or a reliable historical record . unless these alledged tapes that are widely quoted throughout the entire book are made available , their legitimacy and the legitimacy of the book will forever be questioned . ray rae goldman archivist/historian james marshall hendrix foundatio
bought this one for evolution class . it is a horrible excuse for a textbook . do not buy this book unless it is for a middle school student . if the authors think this book has been written for an advanced audience , then i would suggest that anyone interested in learning evolution not attend university of washington
while i did find the book informative and a good supplement to robert sobel 's the great bull market : wall street in the 1920s , galbraith interjects his sarcastic view of the participants in the 1920s bull market way too much . this makes parts of the book extremely difficult to read . while i persevered to the end , i fouynd sobel 's account as informative and much more enjoyable to read
i was very disapointed by this book . after just finishing the 400 + pages book " bull ! from maggie mahar " which is an absolute ecxellent book about market cycles ( although the more recent boom of 1982-1999 ) , " the great crash " was really hard to read . it totally shows its age ( it was written more than 50 years ago ) . the language is hard to understand and some words seem weird in todays time . but its not just the language which makes this book not enjoyable . it is not written with much entertainment value , and the book i mentioned earlier shows clearly that it is quite possible to write an very entertaining book about the stock market . it also is very superficial , it does n't go into much detail at all . it does n't tell any examples of real people or anything which would make the book more readable . it lists names and companies without doing a good part of explaning why it lists them . sometimes i was thinking to myself " please get to your point . "  that book was probably a good read in 1955 while people still could relate to most of the names he lists . but now ( 2004 ) there must be better books out there about the crash of 1929 . i give it two stars and not one ( you ca n't give zero stars ) because it has some interesting facts . overall i would not recommend this book . try another one about this subject
i have been reading a series of autobiographical accounts of modern day warriors and had high hopes for this title . as others have pointed out , coughlin 's ego can be suffocating at times . this could be forgiven if it were the books only flaw . alas it is not . the writing is amateurish at best and the author 's overuse of adjective and hyperbole is very distracting . the language is disjointed and unnatural as if it were written with the heavy use of a thesaurus . again this could be forgiven as we 're reading this book for a soldier 's account , not that of an english grad student . this book offers a stark contrast in comparison with nathaniel fick 's " one bullet away . " whereas fick seems to be an intelligent , thoughtful and humble warrior whose primary concern is the welfare of his men , coughlin conveys himself as a shallow intellect with more concern for personal glory and satisfaction than anything else . he is a team player when he hand picks the team and considers them worthy of his own company . you can not know a person from reading their writing but coughlin 's character development is very superficial . his attempts to convey a " human side " are unbelievable and seem grossly contrived . this is a great contrast to the character development in " one bullet . " there is no connection between author and reader in " shooter . " coughlin does not develop the role players either . in " one bullet " you really feel the brotherhood developed among the officer , his ncos and the enlisted men . additionally , coughlin 's demeaning descriptions of his support staff ( non-trigger pullers ) is tedious and only reinforces doubts about his team ethic . to make matters worse the action is n't as well developed as in other titles . the author 's self-congratulatory tone and emphasis on personal exploits , with plenty of after-action chest thumping , obscures the view of battle . he spends little time on the finer elements of sniper tradecraft , training and shooting . this can be found elsewhere . overall this book was a great disappointment . if only a fraction of coughlin 's self-acclaimed exploits are true , then he is a remarkable sniper . he should let his accomplishments speak for themselves and not try to beat us over the head with them
the beginning of this book was excellent , but dont be fooled , the first few chapters are the only decent part of this book . the rest of the book is just filled with sex and the ultimate downfall is that there is no foreshadowing to the killers . what 's the point of writing it if the reader cant try to figure out who the murderers were . this was one of the worst books i have ever read , i 'd call it a trashy romance novel with a hint of mystery . dont waste your time reading it
several reviews of this book , published elsewhere , stress the contents of rossi 's analysis were more focused toward the skeptical side of egyptian math and construction methods . rossi , therefore is being fairly depicted as publishing new information within unproven paradigms . on the math side , rossi mentions fibonacci 's algorithm and phi , two paradigms that clearly were not used in ancient egypt , though many like to suggest that they were . the fibonacci algorithm idea was introduced after 1891 and j.j . sylvester 's skeptical views of the rmp 's 2/nth table , are reference point to 1202 ad and the liber abaci , but not a reference point of egypt . egypt used more subtle ideas like http : //egyptianmath.blogspot.com and http : //akhmimwoodentablet.blogspot.com . yet , hultsch in 1895 clearly showed that ahmes in 1650 bc easily wrote out 2/p series into short and concise unit fraction series using a very simple partitioning method ( as ahmes wrote out n/p answers in his 'false position ' algebra problems , ie . 5/19 written out in a long awkward series using 1/12th as the first partition , as he did for 2/19 , as describe a couple paragraphs below . ahmes wrote 5/19  per , 5/19 - 1/12 = ( 60 - 19 ) / ( 12 * 19 ) = ( 38 + 2 + 1 ) / ( 12 * 19 )  or , 5/19 = 1/6 + 1/12 + 1/114 + 1/228 ) . clearly modern scholars ( two being robins-shute ) have often suggested that 'false supposition ' was used by ahmes , hinting that ahmes guessed at his answers . ahmes never guessed ! ahmes ' answers were always exact when he worked with rational numbers . moderm scholars were the ones that had guessed , and missed , finding ahmes deeper methods . interestingly no scholar , until very recently , has claimed to have read ahmes ' shorthand notes . modern scholars had sadly filled inlogical gaps left by ahmes with their own intellectual guesses - many of which have been proven to be wrong ( as rossi had not learned , since he referenced none of the controversial eguptian fraction and weights and measures issues ) . bruins also discovered the hultsch method in 1945 , and today the method is named the hultsch-bruin method . it says that  2/p = 1/a + ( 2a -p ) /ap  where a , a highly divisible number selected in the range  p/2 &lt ; a &lt ; p  with the divisors of a uniquely added to ( 2a -p ) thereby solving ( 2a-p ) /ap . example ,  2/19 = 1/12 + ( 24 -19 ) / ( 12 * 19 )  = 1/12 + ( 3 + 2 ) / ( 12 * 19 )  = 1/12 + 1/76 + 1/114  with the ( 4 + 1 ) alternative being discarded since its last denominator was too large . rossi also mentions that egyptian division may have followed an inverse operation of its multiplication 'doubling ' method . here also rossi did not seen the simple remainder arithmetic found in rmp # 62 where 100/13 = 7 + 9/13 = 7 + 2/3 + 1/39 . generally ahmes and all scribes divided by this q = quotient and r = remainder method . the akhmim wooden tablet even shows a special method for grain and volume division where a hekat unity 64/64 was divided by n , with n &lt ; 64 , as  ( 64/64 ) /n = q/64 + r/ ( n * 64 )  even more interesting , ahmes also used this method to divide 100 hekat by 70 , with his final form matching the akhmim wooden tablet 's special use of ro = 1/320th of a hekat , by :  ( 6400/64 ) /70 = 91/64 + 30/ ( 70 * 64 )  and introducing ro = 1/320 of a hekat ,  = ( 1 + 16 + 8 + 2 + 1 ) /64 = ( 150/70 ) * 1/320  = 1 + 1/4 + 1/8 + 1/32 + 1/64 + ( 2 + 1/7 ) * ro  i 'll not go on and discuss rossi ' view of egyptian architecture being the above her standard cambridge skeptical comments . overall , many accept rossi 's view as informative , and i do as well , in limited areas . however , on the math side of rossi 's quick use of a sylvester 's and other recent skeptical techniques , all disproven years ago , shows that her cambridge training needs to be expanded to read the egyptian mathematical texts . clearly ahmes and his brother/sister scribes are the only experts that should guide our understanding of egyptian math .
i give this book a low rating because of the misinformation that nicholas wade has presented and in the manner it was presented , " dna and the secret family of thomas jefferson . " this most difinitive " unproven " statement leads the unsuspecting reader to believe that he " seems " to know so much about genetics and early man that he knows all about the jefferson-hemings dna study and for what " reason " he sees fit to include it into a serious scientific book as being very suspect as mentioned by some reviewers . he seems to not associate science and truth together as it pertains to the jefferson-hemings controversy . unless i overlooked it , i saw no reference to the excellent work that genetist spencer wells is performing for national geographic socity . i assisted this study by providing access to jefferson dna sources . the result of a match was found in the early phoenicians , ( caanites mentioned in the bible ) and in lands that today are syria and lebanon . from what i know of the study ( i assisted dr. e.a . foster with the dna study ) , mr. wade 's analysis of this is extremely limited , in fact , it is extremely biased . " thomas jefferson fathered an unacknowledged family with his slave mistress sally hemings " ( pg 257 ) . what truthful fact does he have to give this statement ? he makes the most of giving details by lying james callender and lying samuel wetmore/madison hemings in pike co. , ohio . why the details in a book topic such as this ? i will give you serious readers on the serious dna topic my opinion . as you may see in my several reviews of other biased books , these authors know nothing of the details of the dna study but spread old early biased media tales . he did not inform you that a team of blue ribbon scholars ( 13 senior professors ) for the scholars commission ( [ ... ] ) and determined that there is no proof that jefferson is guilty of these charges . you may read on my web page : www.angelfire.com/va/tjtruth all the details of this study . he can not plead ignorance of the details because i sent him my research early in the media blitz and any reporter not using the many search engines to thoroughly search a subject is most suspect in my opinion . can any serious researcher read his book and believe he/she is receaving accurate knowledge . my knowledge of the other topics he has written about is limited , but i do know this jefferson-hemings study and he has done no current or original research . he references annette gordon-reed as some type of " authority " on the controversy . she was charged by the scholars commission report as having completely rearranged a letter from jefferson 's grand-daughter to give a negative meaning to her words . to add insult to his otherwise feeble attempt to influence your thinking , wade has a figure with the title , " thomas jefferson family with sally hemings. ( pg.260-261 ) . " his lack of knowledge of sally hemings and thomas jefferson is most lacking in current research because he goes into details that martha jefferson and sally hemings are half-sisters ( an old political rumor brought forward by people wishing to confuse readers and to be politically correct . he does not mention a very scholarily book by dr. and mrs. james mcmurry , " anatomy of a scandal , thomas jefferson and the sally story " , who did deep research on this rumor and found it a lie designed to fit earlier political mud slinging . since he did not give the reader another source for study , another very interesting book , " jefferson vindicated , falacies , omissions,and contradictions in the hemings genealogical search " , i will tell you it has a foreword by former monticello director , james a , bear , jr. all of the named books , including , " the jefferson-hemings myth " are available through amazon . i do agree with wade 's last sentence on the jefferson-hemings controversy....... " some mysteries lie beyond the power of even dna to resolve . " i might add that contrived history is intertwined with dna and even the hemings will not permit the gathering of " another " hemings dna source.....only one originally tested . herb barger jefferson family historian herbar @ comcast.net
if you admired the young mccourt boy who survived misery and a drunken father in angela 's ashes ( a'sa ) , this book is sure a huge deception . the first 80 pages are a great continuation to a'sa , but suddenly the rhythm of the book stops , as if mccourt had suffered from a severe drought of ideas . the storyline becomes chaotic , changing the day-today timeline we were used to to a mixture of anecdotes that take place 5 years forward and jump back again , no order or sense whatsoever . what 's worse , nice and naive mccourt transforms into a copy of his drunken father , constant beating up of women included . it 's a huge shock ( hey this story 's real , folks ! ) ; it 's as if snow white suddenly turned into the role of the queen . mccourt wo n't be the same nice , brave and funny guy for me nevermore .
like the other posters , i too was given this book as part of our homestudy for adopting a child from china . after reading the first chapter i found myself insulted . this book assumes all who read it are adopting because they can not get pregnant , which is not my case . while infertility is something that should not be ignored , and i appreciate the fact that most adoption books i read address the matter , this book would have been much more respectable if it did not direct its text to the reader as a person who can not conceive . i was so insulted that i returned the book to my social worker with these concerns
i have long had the desire to read a grisham book , because i have heard good things . well , my chance came and i was sorely disappointed . the audio cd 's were on sale at a truck stop and i decided to get them for the chamber . the opening to the book kept me going , but by chapter three , i had already decided this , " if sam cayhall lives i 'm going to be mad because i get furious about hate crimes , and if he dies , he had better not die a martyr or worse yet the " hero " to the story . " sadly , i pursued curious about the ending . i 'm very glad i got the cds instead of the book , because it only took six hours to get through it . sure wish i had those six hours back and the money invested so i could try a diferent author . mayber grisham 's other books are better , but i wo n't be reading them
we live in a man 's world . women are raped , abused , beaten and generally regarded as objects for male gratification . this is an epidemic problem , and christian men are just as great of offenders as the general population . so here comes another book on male sexuality , for christian men . the idea is good : rein in the beast . but the major defect , which sinks the book , is the self-centered nature of the remedy . christian men are given a toolkit to not look at booty . what we are not given is a concrete understanding of compassion . it 's all self-centered . who cares if the world is just as dangerous for our wives , daughters , and loved ones ? at least i 'm " sexually pure . "  surely sexual purity includes overthrowing the sexual aggression in society at large ? this is a life and death situation . we will be successful according to the goals we set . it is not enough for men to stop lusting . we need to fundamentally change the sexual ethics of our society - ethics that are n't greatly concerned with women 's well-being . if you 're only concerned with your own thoughts , this book could be useful . but what about the sense of security for the women in our society , who have to live with sexual aggression , cat-calls and " hey-baby " s ? this book sets shamefully low standards for the church 's role in reshaping society , even as it sets admirably high standards for individual men 's thought-lives
the principle question that arises from a reading of &quot ; soul by soul&quot ; by walter johnson is why was this book written ? it is touted as history , yet not only does it lack any original historical material , it also lacks any discernable historical facts . rather than history , &quot ; soul by soul&quot ; seems to be a mean-spirited , emotional tract designed to promote two fundamental ideas : 1. that white people living in the antebellum south were universally loathsome , brutish and cruel and 2. that black people living in the antebellum south were universally noble , good and abused . to support his views , professor johnson strings together a loose collection of repetitious snippets from antebellum abolitionist literature and excerpts from gossipy litigation proceedings . his personal contribution is represented by his miraculous ability to enter the psyche of the book 's long deceased characters and divine their true , but unspoken , motives and thoughts . quite a feat for any historian ! one loses count of the number of times that the reader is treated to white people using their &quot ; probing fingers&quot ; in this book . fortunately , in between probes , the reader can be shocked by the &quot ; killing fields of the lower south,&quot ; the &quot ; historical sexualization of black bodies,&quot ; the &quot ; slaveholders ' inevitable failure to live through the stolen bodies of their slaves,&quot ; and the &quot ; brutish perogatives of whiteness.&quot ; this is heavy , hate-filled stuff worthy of a tv mini-series but it is out of place in a supposedly serious history text . i live in a former slave quarter in new orleans . in the antebellum period , this building and its resident slaves were , interestingly enough , owned by a free black who was financially ruined in 1863 by the emancipation proclamation . as an amateur historian , i would have thought that a book about the new orleans slave market would contain some pertinent historical facts about these markets . what were their addresses ? what percentage of their customers were black ? what percentage were white ? how many slaves did the typical new orleans household have ? how were they fed and clothed ? what were their working hours ? these are basic questions that should have been addressed but instead , the reader is given an emotionally charged , repetitious , boring rehash of tired , previously published material . in short , this book , for the most part , reads like a rambling , overly long sermon . anyone seeking serious scholarship on the subject of slavery would do well to look elsewhere and should consider reading the &quot ; slave narratives&quot ; compiled by the federal writers project , &quot ; time on the cross&quot ; by robert fogel and stanley engerman and &quot ; the slave trade&quot ; by hugh thomas . the first of these is a collection of interviews of former slaves performed by the w.p.a . in the 1930 's . the latter two works contain original historical research and both deal with the facts of slavery , not the emotions
sure this book is only for beginner or outsider of cosulting business . but then , for the price of this book , i would rather buy a much cheaper book but with more useful information and ideas - such as consulting for dummies . the book is full of motherhood statements and it is more liked written by a grand mom and she called herself consultant ; but come on , consulting is a highly skillful business that require structural , systematic yet creative thinking . overall , i think this book is a waste of money for experienced consultant . while for beginner , the reader will risk the wrong impression that it 's this easy to win a consulting work - highly unlikely in a complex and competative world
another farce to feed irrational hatred with authoritative sounding documentation.. . if you dig that sort of thing... there are tons out on the market...unfortunately they do n't come with disclaimers . like one would get when reading a book on the occult... people tend to go for books that support their bigoted view , and this is a fine example... it is a lucrative business in the united states to see what is en vogue and write a book of it... . it is a living . when the da vinci code was written it was a craze everyone had to write the idiot 's guide to the code , how to interpret the code etc etc... . i am not surprised of a book like this and certainly there is no accounting for integrity or lack thereof... people write for years even for the ny times before others discover their plagiarism.... or in this case the secret agenda.... before long we will all be drafted to support capitalistic oligarchies err democracy abroad.. .
a biography about a boy - and a very tough and brave one - who was in battle for such a short time he was spared the continuous horror that veteran survivors ( or killed and maimed ) of iwo experienced . he saved the wounding or death of the three other members of his fire team in an apparently instinctive and singular act of self sacrifice . by strict definition , this act was deserving of the medal of honor . his terribly painful recovery from wounds received is heart wrenching , but the relatively odd sense of personal glory is in sharp contrast with other accounts of iwo veterans , or any other battle , i have read . the other accounts i have read generally conclude : war is a horrible thing to experience , and not glorious , but " i would do it again......... " . the recent books i have read will illustrate this contrast : " goodbye , darkness " , william manchester " god is not here..... " , richard overton " the quiet hero " , gary w. toyn " flags of our fathers " , james bradley " the last lieutenant " , john shively these men may have entered combat as boys , but they certainly left as men .
this book states that it 's better to die than survive a rape :  " also far-reaching is the effect of the loss of chastity . once given or taken or stolen it can never be regained . even in a forced contact such as rape or incest , the injured one is greatly outraged . if she has not cooperated and contributed to the foul deed , she is of course in a more favorable position . there is no condemnation where there is no voluntary participation . it is better to die in defending one 's virtue than to live having lost it without a struggle . " ( p.196 )  how much more twisted can it get ?
this story should have and could have been really good . it presents a great concept , but the story is just so poorly crafted . it is very sexist , the prose is stiff , and the plot is dull . i will concede that it was interesting at times ; it kept me reading , but i really did n't get much out of it . i can only praise heinlein for including the " intelligent conversation " which takes place after the press conference , where there is a great explantion on why the english language is so difficult to learn . the whole story is just very odd . do read it though . it 's a title to read if you wish to be considered " well read . " despite its faults , valentine michael smith will be a character in literature that will never be forgotten , just as we will never forget atticus from " to kill a mockingbird . "
sometime ago i read my sunday paper and noted that " three junes " was listed as a popular book choice . the title sounded interesting so i bought it . that was 2 months ago and i am still trying to get through the paperback edition . it is difficult to follow the timeline , to understand the characters and where they fit , and to get involved in the storyline . i will finish the book because that 's my style . it has not been a book that i could not wait to get back to .
sadly this second book left me unsatisfied . for one , wouk 's misgivings in the first book were well exaggerated in the second . of course , once one has read through the first book , its hard to stop . yet , by the end of war and remembrance i was thoroughly sick and annoyed by wouk 's characters . it 's hard to relate to super humans , who constantly do super human feats . most of the characters in the book come from superior stock , graduate from the top universities , have extremely good looks , and seem to harbour traits that make superman look normal and mundane . i guess after spending endless hours reading the book i am somewhat frustrated . perhaps you will be like me , and by the second book without pausing . but , for the sake of saving some time , i recommend you consider parting with the characters in book one . do n't make the mistake of buying book two just because book one was so good .
the book was fun but the fact that it is too long overshadowed all this fun . i got the impression it was rather written to become a movie . all i can say is that thanks to c.bushnell for 'sex and the city' .
i 'm sorry to say , this work will not rate very highly on my scale . the author is brilliant , not to mention right on the things he says . it 's just that the writer 's style is so abstract and nebulous that he 's absolutely maddening to try and follow . one moment , he 'll be talking about how religion evolved , and the next he jumps to an illustration that takes half a page and uses language that is so illusive you ask , " what in the world is he saying now ? " i got so excited in the first chapter while things made sense , and then noticed how he drifted here and there , making good points and then totally abandoning them . i bought this book three years ago and just recently finished reading it because i had to keep going out of my way to put it down and come back to it ! ! it never seemed to get better . i gleaned a few good points and enjoyed it...well...sort of , but the author is so unclear at times that it drives you nuts - and this is coming from an atheist who agrees with the philosophical position of the author ! overall , i really can not recommend it unless you are a very slow , contemplative reader who does n't mind an unorthodox read . other than that , the book is packed with some good info . i just wish i could have gotten to it more easily . ( jh )  www.ministerturnsatheist.or
miniter takes advantage of the american ideological divide by cashing in with controversal editorials of hyperbole . maybe he could get together for a book with ann coulter
like everyone of you , i am crazy about my toddler . i got this book and the book of wendy s. masi ' toddlers play . the comarison : day and night . kuffners book might have 365 activities , but it really bad organized . i am a first time parent , so i need some help/guidance ; thsi is why i baught this bbok . there is nothing to guide me on which activity is for what age group , so i do n't know if an activity is for 18 months or 24 or 12 months- ie ami challenging my toddler , am i boring him or ami providing him with the right fun activity for his age ? ? ? some of the activities are too obvious- it seems like the author wrote down anything she could think of just to fill in 365 activities in the bookl and there is you see the author 's luck of creativity and/or knowledge of the subject . also the descriptiosn are very brief with limited illustrations . i really do n't understand why anyone will give 5 stars to this book . i do n't care about the money i spent for the book . i care that i ended up with something that i can not really use to provide my toddler with fun . for that reason i strongly recommend the othe rbook ( wendy s. masi 's book ) . yes it has 100 instea dof 365 activities , but it is colorfull , easy and pleasant to read and each activity is marked by an ege indicator . look at the 'look inside ' of both these books and you will see what i mean . good luck + have lost of fun with your toddler ( s ) ! !
without question a book is needed to address the origin and history of late night television and steve allen 's pivitol role it . sadly ben alba 's " inventing late night : steve allen and the original " tonight show' ' , is not that book . it is , largely , a poorly edited and self-contradicting pastiche of previously published memoirs by allen himself combined with some excellent interviews with allen 's tv contemporaries . these interviews could form the basis of an excellent book by the likes of biographers scott berg ( sam goldwin ) or neal gabler ( walter winchle ) . the opening chapter , which addresses allen 's dysfuntional up-bring , education and his early days in radio and tv sets the stage for the author 's failure to create a full-blooded , well-rounded analytical portrait of allen and his work . alba draws here , almost exclusively and certainly uncritically , from allen 's memiors while combining these words with one quote from a childhood friend and two early reviews . taking allen and the reader 's one independent witness at face value , allen had a rootless , violent and unstable childhood . given these negative conditions alba gives no hint of how , why or even if , allen really remained attached to his drunken and generally unstable mother and her equally troubled extended family . the author gives us two brief stories from allen 's adulthood to demonstarte that the family ties endured . actually , all the stories show is that allen attended an uncle 's funeral and very briefly troted his mother out once on his sunday night show . how did this dysfunctional world of allen 's youth effect his two marriages and five sons ? why , after a childhood on the fringes of a perlious show business existance did allen choose this same career field for himself ? alba does n't even pose such questions about the boy 's effects on the man . he just plows ahead in a haliographic haze . throughout " inventing... " alba maintains this pattern of unquestioning acceptance allen 's words . no other witnesses are called , no other points of view are examined . steve tells a story ; alba accepts it and edits it into his text . why not read allen straight ?
it truly is the best war fiction regarding wwii if you have never read any other fiction regarding wwii . i love war fiction and non-fiction and beside parroting the time magazine blurb prominently displayed in the novel i can not even come close to understanding why anyone , let alone review after review , would even come close to that stupefying conclusion . to me it is the best example of intellectual snobbery that critics like to pat themselves on the back with . only they understand and you lesser intellects are not capable of appreciating . what it is , is a bloated , narcisstic , misogynistic waste of time . of course any piece of literature is subjective , but to me , this critically acclaimed work fails on every level that a novel should , regardless of genre . unless you love james joyce ( another bad writer lorded over us by the critically elite ) , i think most readers expect some sort of plot development . do n't expect that here . how about engaging characters that develop and grow throughout the novel ? you better pick up something else . it seems to me the reader should at least be invested in one of the character 's outcome . far too pedestrian a thought if you " get " this art . if i ca n't have any of that how about writing a character that is even remotely likable ? forget it non-ivy leaguer ! i was rooting for the japanese to kill them all , so at least their " loved " ones at home would be spared of these nearly universally despicable human beings . the only thing that propelled me to finish was to get to the ending that would perhaps tie together the painful experience of reading these soldier 's hateful ruminations while , oh by the way , a war was being fought around them . nope , no big ending either . it just ends . yes , i have heard that the plodding ugliness and pointlessness of the entire book is to symbolize war itself . give me a break . while this may be bad news for us common folk duped into reading it , it certainly is good news for tom clancy . his last two decades of literature are just misunderstood genius depicting the banality of human existence and not bad writing at all .
i enjoy food but most of the recipes in this book are things i would n't eat in the first place
communism is one of the most evil ideologies in human history , responsible for the extermination of 100 + million people . this book ( which started it all ) holds at least much of the blame . communists were and still are a threat to the free world , and communism is a slave system . some " intellectuals " actually support the tired mantras of marx 's philosophy , whether because they are insincere or simply pedants who have n't seen enough sunlight , i do n't know . in any case , if they ever step foot in the real world they would take note that communism denies private property , and is totalitarian and slave-driving ( the government owns everything , including you ) . and the deaths caused by communism are hardly necessary to bring up . pol pot , mao , stalin ( of course ) , etc etc...who are these people kidding
not sure this is the book to study for the pmp . agree that its missing the tools techniques and concepts but he made it clear up front he was not going into it . also , the intergration knowledge area is missing . i think if he went into the format of the exam , it would really serve its purpose better . read this after you have read the pmbok and another real pmp exam prep book ! this is great to read the day before for leisure with no pressure
this book irritated me on many levels ; not that the writing was poor or the plot weak . in fact , the plot , the premise , the writing were good--unfortunately the characters did n't pull it off or keep me interested because they were all kinda indifferent or unlikable . i read somewhere the number one reason people keep reading a work of fiction--regardless of plot--is because they care about someone in the book . in this book , i was hoping they would all drown by the end of the story.. .
this book is not for someone who just wants to pick up enough french to get them through a trip unless they have a good ear and memory . i found " french in 10 minutes a day " much better as you must write what you learn in a workbook
i ca n't remember the last time i failed to finish reading a novel . i abandoned this one with 100 pages to go . with another implausible plot twist , i 've had enough . maybe i 've been spoiled by the quality of character driven fiction from george pelecanos , james lee burke , robert b parker , james sallis , scott phillips , and robert crais but i suspect that this is not just a failure to connect with the characters and more to do with poor writing . i 've read quite a number of deaver 's novels and enjoyed the complex plots and the exploration of psychologically/psyciatrically devient chbaracters , but this is just over the top . when i came to the chapter that excplained how the magician faked his death while in custody , that was enough . i have another fifty novels lined up waiting to be read and i 'll be damned if i 'm going to waste any more time on this poor one . for that matter , after six or so lincoln rhyme novels , i ca n't say that i really know or care anything about lincoln or saches
i have been a huge fan of dean koontz for years , ever since my mom got me to read watchers . but this story is just way too slow . just when i thought it was going to grab my attention and start off for the rollar coaster ride....it would slow way down again . i almost put it down halfway through the book , but i kept pushing along thinking that it would get better just around the corner . about 2/3rds of the way through it got a little bit more entertaining....but i just felt like something was missing most of the time i was reading . i just could n't get into the characters . i would n't recommend this book to any first time dean koontz reader because it would most likely turn you off....do n't judge his work by this novel .
if you are interested in learning about the * actual * science of food , but do n't want to learn any science , at least read a book by someone who * did * learn it . there is so much grossly erroneous information in this book that he discredits himself entirely . " oil is more dense than water-- and that 's why it can be heated to higher temperatures than 212 " . as a chemist and formulator i can assure you that nearly all oil is lighter than water , and even if it were n't that 's * not * the reason it has a higher boiling point . ever make oil & vinegar salad dressing ? ever seen crude oil on the ocean ? how about the funk on top of old greasy dish water ? folks , oil floats on water... and the earth is not flat . either this guy is a complete moron , or he is a very clever con artist . either way , save your money... and buy that blind amish author 's book " semiconductor microengineering for dummies " instead . it 's better researched
i was drawn to this book by the promise of experiencing or gaining familiarity with a new part of paris , a city i have visited often . the book fell far short of that . it left me disappointed and longing for what i had missed . it was difficult to connect with or enter into the story primarily because the author failed to portray a personal intimacy with the subject . as an example , she tells us that moving within paris was a bigger event than imagined but the description lacked emotional depth . where were her feelings , little experiences , failings , successes , reactions . overall , the author proved she has knowledge but does not know how to share it .
$ 24.95 is way too expensive for a book that is only 100 pages . other than that the content in the book is good
normally i do n't take the time to write a review , but this book just bugged me . when i finished i felt like i had run a marathon . the book was just too drawn out and i felt the descriptions were long winded . faith was a little too unbelieveable even though she was abused and had little self esteem . the plot was good , but moved slowly . i am typically not drawn to danielle steel books and probably with good reason that i never seem to like them very much . i am glad that this book was in a box of 30 + books that i paid $ 15 for at a used book store . i would have felt like i wasted my money had i actually paid full price for it
the companion web site mentioned in the book is not there . when i typed in that url , i got redirected to peachpit 's advertising site of this book , but no " links " , " tools " , nor " examples " mentioned in the book at all !
between the " glamour shots & easy sex , different babys ' daddys " what else is there ? oh yeah , the many scripture quotes & abortion info . dont forget unprotected sex with every man she dates . dont forget letting a strange man pick your daughter up from school . poor amber ! this gave me insight alright , on how dysfunctional amber frey is . shame on her for using laci 's photo ! i hope that she spends her profits on much needed therapy & a tubal ligation !
i absolutely love janet evanovich and the stephanie plum series , so when i saw this new series of books with her name on it , i grabbed them up . i could n't even finish reading this book . it was so bad . the whole talking car concept was , frankly , just stupid . this was like watching an episode of knight rider , but without david hasselhoff . the characters are flat , and the dialogue is stilted and contrived . i can only believe that charlotte hughes did most of the writing , and why on earth would evanovich attach her name to this ? needless to say , i will not be reading the rest of the series . spend your money on something worth reading
do n't sell it to one country on microfilm for a lot of money , sell it to everybody in hard cover for ~ $ 20.00 a pop . somebody is going to have to explain to me the difference between what risen has done here , and what the walkers were imprisoned for . imagine a wwii era reporter , during the war , giving away that the allies had broken the kreigsmarine enigma code in order to challenge how much money was spent doing it ; or how we used false signals to test japanese intentions in the run-up to midway just to question whether we correctly evaluated the information ; or disclosed the exact d-day landing beaches in a vain attempt to substitute their own " expert " opinion . james risen 's product is the same thing , only with a snarkier monday-morning-quarterback vibe . and when hindsight is your only insight , you know you 're in trouble . it 's easy to figure out who had it right on intelligence issues a few years down the line , even easier to find the " i-told-you-so heroes " eager to tell their tales of cassandrian victimization . and that 's really all state of war does . it collects a pile of disconnected ( often single-sourced and anonymous ) anecdotes , and fleshes them out . the more interesting the story , the more questionably it 's sourced , and the fuller its fleshed . in the end , it 's a bloated yet vacuous work that discloses sensitive specifics in order to illustrate a few widely known and obvious generalities , those being :  intelligence gathering is n't perfect . mistakes are often made . present laws do not keep up with technology . ( just in case you did n't know that already )  if you 're hoping for an across the board bush slam , think twice . there 's info on botched clinton-era operations as well ( one of which transferred nuclear weapons technology to one of our favorite mid-east regimes ) , but again , why ? what 's worse , the specifics in the book have given terrorists valuable intelligence without giving anyone else anything usable ( unless cocktail party whining is a " use " ) . in the wake of this book and the politically-motivated ny times story , the bad guys have already started altering how they do their communications . great news for american civilians and military members alike . this book might have a place 10-20 years down the line . but as it stands , during an active shooting war , a valuable , effective , and completely legal intelligence gathering tool ( a tool clinton used with " 0 " congressional oversight ) is revealed and disabled so that james risen can buy a boat . another triumph of american journalism !
i ordered this book through a bookclub and returned it . it was terrible ! tanya holland is a beautiful black woman , but i feel has gone too far out of the way to create " innovative and different " recipes so much that they are not appealing and certainly should not be categorized as soul food . the price is outrageous for the handful of recipes that were chosen for this cookbook . i collect african american/soul food cookbooks among others . if you are really into soul food cookbooks and what they really represent , your money would be better spent on " essence brings you great cooking " by jonell nash , " the ebony cookbook " by freida deknight or " the black family reunion cookbook " by the the national council of negro women . if you are interested in healthier soul food try , " the new ebony cookbook " by charlotte lyons or " the family dinner quilt cookbook " by the national council of negro women . if you are interested in diverse , cultural flavors , i would recommend vertamae grosvenor 's cookbooks or " iron pots and wooden spoons " by jessica b. harris . i have collected over 50 african american soul food cookbooks . they cover the gamut . that is why i can give an honest opinion on tanya holland 's book . i just wish that she would publish an african american cookbook that the average african american can relate to . one that would be useful to families in their everyday cooking .
i 've always been a big believer in " attack the message " ( if you do n't agree ) , do n't attack the messenger . the reverse has been almost standard practice of the left when they ca n't refute the truth , facts and common sense of conservatives . which is close to 100 % of the time . so i have to be very careful not to copy the left when i write as a fifth generation kansan and having lived all of my life , thus far , in the same " upper-middle class " suburb mr. frank seems to so despise in his first and only book . but his book was so filled with errors , personal opinions disguised as facts and mislabeling of events , people and general culture , as to make it a book of fiction ; not one of fact . he stated himself he had every advantage presented to him early in life but he chose not to take advantage of them . he relishes being a victim and seems to mostly be upset that he was n't born into a poor family of migrant laborers . perhaps born as ms. condoleezza rice ? she is certainly a good example of someone held down by evil conservatives and not permitted to excel in life ( not ) . living in , and exposed to , the surroundings of his childhood , it appears to me his life 's goal was to become a professional victim and a loser in life where the deck is stacked against you from birth . he 's , so far , at least succeeding in that ! being an accomplished loser . what a goal ! his only " accomplishment " was the writing of one book that could only be believed as fact by disciples of the dailykos . having written his fictional book of what life is not like in johnson county , kansas and how he was stopped cold at every turn of life 's losing lottery , he really has nothing else to say . perhaps he can now survive as an invention of the left writing the same type of fiction over and over ( as he just did for the ny times ) . he must be a very unhappy person . it seems most liberals are . how sad . the only real obstacle they have in life is seen in their mirror each morning . that 's it no matter how much they deny reality . he seems like an intelligent young man who had everything going for him . what a waste of talent . now , he 's just another " victim " doing his best to convince everyone else they too should just give up as they ca n't win in life no matter how hard they try . as i intimated , i 'm sure glad condoleezza rice ignored people like him ! i just wish people like him were fewer in number and that more ignored their delusional vision of reality . checking in from kansas , he is a " one book wonder " .
i recently read this as part of a survey of childrens ' literature about the medieval period . let me say first , that the dialogue is completely modernized , with not even a complex word to redeem it . i know this is because the original is supposedly in dialect , but please , our children are more sophisticated than that . adam is self-involved , careless , and annoyingly stupid . despite it 's touted 320 pages , this could have been printed in 150 , and contained much the same material . the only thing that redeems this novel from being totally forgettable is the snatches of latin and old english ballads scattered throughout . if you want your children to have a much clearer understanding of the times , with a book focussed more on character than on plot or modern accessability , have them read song of the gargoyle . it 's also about a boy who loses his father , and has to search for him , in the company of a dog-like being , but has ten times the depth and realism of this piece of trash . the boy is also a minstrel , of sorts , but he has more likable qualities than adam , as well as more adventures in less pages . the ending is a happy one , but it involves a twist , which is n't at all forseeable , as theat in adam of the road . please , just skip this , i do n't care if it won a newberry award , and read song of the gargoyle , by zylpha keatly snider
early on the author tells how he proved to concept of " learned helplessness " through his experiments where he administered electric shocks on caged dogs until they gave up and just lay there and whimpered . i threw the book away at that point . this " scientist " should n't be rewarded for his senseless cruelty that proves nothing . we do n't support your science , herr doctor seligman ! get the book from a library if you must , but do n't reward him for his " experiments . " it could have been your dog this moral idiot experimented on
my all time favorite book is deavers the blue nowhere and the testament by another author . i think this book is on the bottom of my list . it was a combo term paper and novel . i wonder where the editor of this book is . where was he/she ? it read like it was written by two different people and a poor editor combined them . do n't worry jeff , i 'll still buy your next book...i 've bought them all but please ...get a second opinion about your editor . i good editor would n't have let it go out in this shape .
well in my opinion , there is no longer any doubt that some things appear to be flying in our skies , and some people have had some unusual experiences ( mostly disturbing , but some apparrently enlightening ) , but the question is , is it all as it seems ? the fact of the matter is , various military branches from around the globe have real hardware that could easily fool us . holographic projections can and are used to place images within our skys ( this is related to controversial theories surrounding the 911 events ) ; there are devices that can manipulate brain waves and neuronal excitation to have people hallucinate any scenario ; advanced , drug manipulated hypnotic techniques can control memories and behaviour ; implants have been around for decades and have even gone mainstream now ( verichip ) . i 'm not saying that other lifeforms do n't exist in the universe ( far from it ) , and perhaps there are a number of entities here on earth carrying out agendas , but this idea that there are little , menacing greys abducting us for various sinister reasons without immense collusion seems suspect . it smells of classic fear mongering that the elite love to push on us . historically , there 's been the barbarians , huns , mongols , pagans , jews , christians , vikings , black natives , cannabals , red natives , mexicans , germans , nazis , communists , now the arabs and the next logical conclusion is some evil force off planet because they have used all the boogey men on earth . even president reagan set us up for this scenario in an infamous speech in the late 80 's . the fact is that with known technology ( not including whatever they may have that has not been leaked ) , they could quite easily pull the hoax off . even genetic manipulation and cloning is much further advanced and practiced ( albeit " underground " ) than most people can fathom . what has become another fact is the major extent to which the ufo community has been infiltrated and compromised , of which strieber has been front and centre at various times . my belief is that strieber is part of this fear mongering campaign , sponsored by the elite and carried out by various military and government groups . in this book , his " hard-evidence " is flimsey and suspicious . for example , why would n't super advanced aliens using implants design them such that they are entirely organic and of shapes that mimic human tissue ( thus not showing up on any x-ray , mri , ct , etc ) ? and design them such that they quickly break down when removed from the body ? surely , this would be child 's play for alien scientists ? why no major discussion or mention of the human military , or nazi connection with abductions ? there seems to be a growing number of victims who are recalling strange " fragments " of memories that are slipping through various memory covers . why are they mentioning cooperation of human doctors and nurses with the greys ? why are they mentioning swastikas and other known military insignias on uniforms ? why are some speaking english , others german ? why is there a connection with deep , underground bases and specifically antartica ? these are things strieber never mentions , which i find curious . my point is , things are happening , but it has become nearly impossible to ascertain what , and strieber 's books seem to cloud the issues and possibly even advance certain agendas .
john r. barry ( another digital communications textbook author ) first introduced me to this text . and mr. barry , as with many com . theory persons i 've met since ( gtri in atlanta , ga ; mitre along around the boston area of ma ; northrup in el segundo , ca ; intersil in palm bay/melbourne , fl ) actually use this book to justify their values and beliefs . essentially , it 's their bible . the only problem is that the values and beliefs in proakis , especially from an engineering perspective , are very third rate . trying to use this text in a classroom situation , especially with a third rate engineer as an instructor , is an utter disaster from both an economic and an engineering perspective . john r. barry , for example , is a very good baby-sitter and a so-so mathematician ( he could n't be otherwise as a faculty member of georgia tech ) . but as an engineer , john r. barry , as with the other followers of proakis , compares very unfavorably ( in fact , i do n't consider barry an engineer ; i consider him a phony that should be removed from the ece faculty of gatech ; the department 's economic fortunes would be far better if he were moved into some kind of adjunct english/mathematics faculty or just shipped off to some research laboratory without any students to harm [ i.e. , vampirically mind f--k them and then kindly provide them with werewolfic deliverance ( yes , i mean along the lines of the 1972 movie with jon voight [ angelina jolie 's dad ] and burt reynolds ) ] ...any place where truth/reality are n't so important ) . there are far , far better communications engineers out there than john r. barry [ infinitely better to be precise ] . and what makes these others better [ others meaning real engineers ; john r. barry being a make-believe " engineer " ] is not mathematical ability , memorized knowledge , or even rhetorical shrewdness , but rather the difference lies in a faith of facts ; something a follower of proakis never seems to possess or even grasp the possibility . in fact , the values and beliefs in the proakis text seem to promulgate not only intellectual abuse , but also a spiritual sort as well . in a nation ( where steven pinker , who like proakis is of harvard fame , has noted ) that has around 75 % of its population esentially believing in the biblical/torah-related account of things , this kind of spiritual abuse can be very dangerous indeed and lead to serious consequences . though it may not be intentional , nevertheless , the values and beliefs of proakis 's text and those of its instructors tend to be extremely spiritually abusive . these values and these beliefs somehow set up a massive cognative dissonance with many student 's own biblical/torah-related values and beliefs . the result is almost always a broken-spirit . from an economic perspective , this is bad . very bad . and it should be stopped by no longer using this text or any like it . most of the " engineers " now being " developed " by the followers of proakis ( e.g. , john r. barry ) are very analogous to mid 20th century carribean medical school " doctors . " they can say , write , and use a lot of terminology making them useful for billing purposes , i.e . writing up invoices to insurance/government agencies . these " engineers " like those " doctors " do n't and probably never will understand the essence of their professions , though because of their training or lack thereof they really think they do . when in fact , they are utterly clueless " professionals .
i used to follow politics but now i know better . clinton is a hero to poor folk in the us only bc bush is such a nazi , sorry , but clinton did more than any pres in us history to cut welfare to the moms who need it the most ! i ai n't no fool partisan of a richmans party and i do n't like america . and yes i 'm born and raised in the us , there is no democracy here , only a moneycracy ! ! ! power to the ppl lets make a real country for the ppl , not the capitalist leech scum ! !
i am supposed to get 16th edition , instead i received 15th edition . the book was completely changed from the previuos editio
i came to blowback by way of a year-long research project on globalization . over the past year i have read dozens of books , both scholary and popular , on this topic . right - left - love america - hate america - multi-cultural - eurocentric ; i 've suffered through them all ( happily , there is as yet no feminist perspective on the subject ) . first let me state that chalmers johnson , this regrettable book notwithstanding , is not by profession the village diot . johnson is a highly respected economic and political analyst , a man who used to be worth listening to . what happened ? how did he come to cobble together this breathtakingly unanalytical smorgasborg ? where did the imperialist conspiracy rant come from ? johnson , where did you go ? well , the easy answer is that he delves into complex areas of which he has no knowledge . his take on america 's military policies is ludicrous . anyone who questions why the u.s. army is still in korea after 50 + years need only point to seoul on a map and drag his finger a couple of inches north , where he will discover north korea . of coures once an idealogue veers into unknown territory there is no other path left for him than that of conspiracy . conspiracy " theory " is all fine and good for the lazy and uneducated ; it 's their sanctuary ; but for a scholar of johnson 's caliber to go there is incomprehensible . unti you see what i saw . the professional works that i read on globalization were pretty much uniform in that they addressed one or another facet of free-trade and concluded more-or-less-nothing , all in scholarly language . for the most part the popular books were not nominally about globalization at all , although globalization was the only thread holding the books together , and to each other . brushing aside the fact that most of the authors of the popular group are ageing oddballs from the 60s ( you underestimate the mustard-gas-like effect of that era at your peril ) ,the only possible reason for these immensely angry , nonsensical books is this : no one fully understands globalization . no one . even when you define the thing narrowly it is a cantankerous beast , too young to tame ; growing unpredictably every day like the blob . they 're frustrated , these authors . i ca n't blame them , but for some reason they must have a scapegoat and the 've rounded up the usual suspect , america , as in why does america impose - dominate - ignore , etc . the third world ? silly question , really . you 're at the top of the food chain , what do they expect you to do ? when bad things happen you want to be sure they happen to someone else .
this book is inexplicably influential , probably due to its catchy but ultimately meaningless title . barber fails to convincingly analyze an interesting thesis , instead delivering an exasperating 300 page-long list of every single thing on earth that he disagrees with . barber contends that natural human political behavior results in smaller and smaller ethnic enclaves trying to separate themselves from the larger world , while unchecked global capitalism is erasing ethnic flavor with bowdlerized mass-culture sameness . interestingly , barber contends that these two contrary movements are actually in an unholy alliance , using each other 's excesses as excuses for their anti-democratic behavior . that is a fascinating thesis , which makes the weaknesses of this book all the more infuriating . the first part of the book is an interminable tirade of lists within lists , of cultural trends that barber disdains , in an avalanche of complaints that is not analytical but merely selective and arbitrary . it 's all tied together with attempts at " edgy " pop culture references , made-up terminology ( like the annoying " infotainment telesector " ) , and pseudo-intellectual quotations and namedropping . all is lumped together unconvincingly under the anemic term " mcworld , " which is so vague and all-inclusive as to become meaningless . in his never-ending examples of how recent cultural trends are damaging the freedom and intelligence of the masses , barber merely comes across as a condescending snob who thinks his own interests are superior , or a curmudgeon who thinks everything was better back in the good old days , or both . in the second part of the book , barber proceeds to throw obtuse political science theories at various world hotspots , in which tribalism and separatism are damaging the integrity of nation-states . his umbrella term for this phenomenon is the dangerously loaded term " jihad . " note that this book was published back in 1995 , so that word was not as prevalent in western discourse as it is now , but barber still uses the term as a loose descriptor which is likely to offend both devout muslims and ardent anti-islamists . when it comes to the specifics , many reviews here and elsewhere list out the numerous flaws in barber 's arguments , and there are so many of them that a lot of reviews are necessary for the task . you can agree or disagree with various critiques of barber 's contentions based on your own personal politics . but everyone will probably conclude that in this book 's final section he does not deliver on the ironic implications of his initially intriguing thesis ( embodied in the book 's title ) , and simply forwards borrowed theories on civil society and the public sector . overall , this book is mostly the longwinded grumblings of a nostalgic know-it-all who portentously predicts doom for every single cultural and political reality of the modern world . [ ~ doomsdayer520 ~
in today 's world , various forms of parochialism have a dialectical relationship with the homogenizing influences of globalizing consumer capitalism . these forms of parochialism may be ethnic , " cultural , " religious , nationalistic , etc. , depending on where you look . on one hand , ancient forms of identity continue to define in-groups and out-groups ; on the other hand , multinational corporations elide these differences as they operate in a wider and wider worldwide marketplace . example : the turks and the armenians hate each other and even partly define themselves by this ancient conflict ( " jihad " is barber 's label for this ) ; yet they see the same pepsi ads and do the same kinds of work in their local pepsi bottling plants ( " mcworld " is barber 's label for this ) . that 's the book . this might be a useful resource for writers of term papers who need to endnote something fairly obvious . outside of that , it would take an observer from another planet to find this book 's insights novel or pointed . if you 're new to planet earth , by all means pick up a copy . it will catch you up on a few useful truisms . as others have pointed out , the " terrorism 's challenge to democracy " subtitle seems intended to capitalize on 9/11 , but does n't accurately reflect the book 's content . " jihad " is deployed as a synecdoche in this book ; muslim extremism is just one of the book 's many examples of parochialism
this is a classic circle jerk book that consolidates a number of articles from educators and educational researchers who talk about the same thing , and cite each other or similar data and research . the authors do write well , so i gave it two stars . but it has under/overtones of the same old myths in erroneous educational ideology that is actually the malaise killing our educational system - dump more money into schools ; teachers are underpaid and overworked ; high stakes standardized testing is bad . folks might be well advised to pick up a copy of jay p. greene 's " educational myths " to run a little de-tox on the stuff they read here
this was a comprehensive collection of statistics and war department strategy notes but it had no life . it gave no feel for the soldier , sailor or marine on the ground . it was all acronyms and big picture strategy . if you are looking for something less academic and more readable try a different account of the battle . since this was one of the most gruelling and bloody encounters of the war , the participants should get more ink . here , the brass get all the attention
i found the book informative while reading it , but also a bit confusing and a little dry , best used for a college course and not for recreational reading . ( which is no doubt why we even had it in our house , someone had to use it and it 's equally boring companion for some college course , i 'm certain of it.. .
sure , i had fun reading this book . but the amazon reviewer who termed it " highly speculative " is understating the case . opinion , conjecture , hearsay , and speculation too often take the place of thorough , solid documentation . and unlike many other amazon reviewers , i found mclellan 's tone off-putting . she alternates between patronizing her subjects ( the very notion of calling them " my girls , " for instance ) and setting them up primarily as sources of voyeuristic thrills for the herself and the reader . is the book dishy and intriguing and flamboyant ? you bet . but is the topic of lesbianism in hollywood well-served here ? i do n't think so
judging by the long reviews before me , it should be obvious that there is much to say about calvin 's theology . this book does n't say too much . for those familiar with his theology , do n't buy this book . it will be a waste of your money . for those who would like to know more about calvin 's theology , without getting caught in mid 16th century language or too deep into theology , buy this . if you want a good in depth coverage of calvin 's theology , buy the full version and enjoy
if you just got out of prison or maybe had a spell of amnesia or if your just hitting your 20th or 21st birthday then you may learn some stuff here . but if you got yourself online to read this review then i doubt you will find this book much help . there were a few helpful ehows for me in the book though . for example i forgot exactly how to boil an egg . and there it was in the book . a typical type of ehow . and this book is big and heavy . with most info ridiculously simple i would say the size to useful ratio is not that desirable . maybe this would make an ok high school graduation gift but other than that most people should avoid this book . the ehow website is great though and its free ! .
in the possibility that steve berry could ever transcend his not-so great debut , the amber room . romanov prophecy started in the right direction , third secret was ok , but i think he hit his * peak * right there . i really want authors to get better--heck , i hope to write better papers as i go along in college . but , steve berry , sorry . and for all you people out there who do n't like it when people give negative reviews of a book you like , just hang on a second before you give me a big fat no vote . first of all , even though this is fiction , the whole da vinci code genre purports to be based on fact . berry always writes his note at the end to underscore this . however , if you want the reader to accept your plot , please get some basic facts correct first . the most annoying one for me , as , ahem , a french major , is the very dramatic chapter closer where they zip off to the " palais des popes . " excuse . me . " popes " ? just because the english word looks kind of like the french word " pape " ( for pope ) does n't mean you can flippantly swap them ! eek . and , btw , this is a real place , so some editor somewhere should have noticed this . shame on you , s.b . 's editors . ok , i 'm not saying a novel must contain no anachronisms whatsoever ( it is fiction , after all ) , but really big , glaring mistakes of geography or history can not be tolerated . the other main issue i have with this book is the vehement attack on jesus christ and the resurrection and the bible as a whole . cotton malone , our hero , says that the bible contains hundreds ( i 'm paraphrasing ) glaring inconsistencies . if i remember correctly , he says that one of the gospels ( he picks on matthew a lot ) does n't place bethlehem as the place of jesus ' birth . that one does n't hold water--i checked matthew myself . says so in ch . 2 . i do n't mean to thump the metaphorical bible , but who is steve berry to question the authenticity of the world 's # 1 bestseller ever ? that 's quite audacious ... some would even say blasphemous--but i tread on glass . i really ca n't go into the terrible character development , or lack thereof , or the wussy knights templar . yeah , they 're big and bad , but malone seems to bump them off with the greatest of ease . some " knights of christ " they are . well , having alienated most of you , i bid you farewell as i go in search of a more worthy book
jesus , talk about the little girl crying " wolf . " when i picked up this book , i expected to read a truly terrifying tale about how people got sick with a horrifying disease that no one knew/knows how to deal with . what i got instead was a lot of perseverating and a lot of emotional presumption . the book starts out promisingly , even if preston surrenders freely to flowery prose . we 're given the account of charles monet , one of the first documented cases of the ebola virus . from there on , preston gives a description of the virus , what it does , how it does it - the works . then , he moves on to the human component , the cast of characters , so to speak , for the big story . the big story is , alas , not so impressive . it 's a case of an ebola outbreak amongst a shipment of monkeys that everyone thinks is going to cause awful problems to come about , but nothing of the sort happens . basically , people run around in bio-hazard gear , fret a lot , and monkeys die . in between , preston manages to surpass his self-indulgence to talk about other cases of the ebola virus , cases of people being infected , " crashing and bleeding out , " cases that are a lot more interesting than a shipment of monkeys , unless you 're a peta type . the worst thing about the hot zone is just how self-indulgent preston is . he starts to novelize his subjects a few chapters into the book , which is a noble idea , but not when they do n't die at the end . basically , he 's trying to make you care about these people , and all for naught . and by the time that you 're supposed to be truly concerned , you actually want them to die , because you 're tired of hearing about him describe , in active detail , what they eat in the morning , what they do in the afternoon , and how they lie in bed with their spouses at night . when you 're addressing a subject as fascinating as a level 4 virus , why are you spending time talking about nancy jaax 's hands and karate prowess ? moreover , when you 've finally gotten to the monkeys , why are you talking about what kind of monkeys they are and how they dwell in the wild ? does anyone really care ? i wish i could say that this book moved me in ways other than to reverse my peristalsis , but i ca n't . preston 's ornate metaphors that pepper almost every page of this book are tiresome and unnecessary ; he had the chance to write a compact little thriller about an averted crisis of global proportions , but he instead chose to " get into the minds " of his subjects . and what a bore that became . there were only two redeeming aspects of this book : one was the description of the african , human ebola victims , and the other was the description of the virus itself , although , again , both were sabotaged by preston 's inability to write . if you want to know something about ebola , go get an idiot 's guide to dangerous diseases and epidemics . if you 're pining for the namby-pambiness of the human element , read the hot zone . personally , i like to avoid rereading the uncle tom 's cabins of scientific accounting
the author is certainly writing for a target audience.......as one other reviewer said , white , upper-middle-class , female would-be mystics . i found the stories of life on the commune mind-numbing ( then again , i was born in berkeley in 1970 , so that hippie commune kumbayah stuff reminds me of eating carob when i was a kid ) and the rest of what i did manage to read alienating.......zzzzzzzzzzzz.......i am not saying this is a bad book at all , just that it 's focus was so narrow that it completely lost my interest . the language was so fuzzy and woo-woo that it just irritated my gen x ( for lack of a better word ) postpunk sensibility . it 's a shame , too , as i was really looking forward to this book and hoping it would assist me in reconciling my own struggle between feminism and spirituality . c'est la vie
the book is basically a dictionary of terms in the computer graphic field . all most the whole book contain very simple ideas and concept i knew already . also lynn pocock does n't even do computer graphic work professionally . i have yet to see any computer animation works by the writer . save your money
this is without a doubt the worst piece of social science ever produced . regardless of where you stand politically , johnson is guilty of revisionist history to the worst degree . throughout this work johnson displays a truly and utterly amazing ignorance of geopolitical realities .
this was a terrible disappointment . more of a memoir than anything about book-collecting , it was so disjointed it is hard to say what it was about or what the point was . there seemed to be no context or fabric to the book . there were , however , hundreds of references to obscure authors , actors , film-writers , magazines and books . there were pages at a time where i was completely lost because i had no idea about whom the author was speaking , but he wrote as if the person was well-known to the reader . baxter leads the reader around the world from his beginnings in australia , thence to britain to the us and ending in france . again , there is no context . he would flip from a reference to the obscure artist , to an anecdote about himself or some bookseller or collector and then perhaps mention how he had acquired a book . if viewed as a book about collecting books , you will not learn much . if viewed as a memoir , there was little that was interesting about the author 's life and there was precious little about his life other than acquisitions . there were a very few nuggets about what makes a book valuable or diminishes its worth to a collector , but they were too few and far between . if you could not tell by now , i can not see much reason to read this book . i think mr. baxter flattered himself to think that either he or his collection would be of general interest
sheppard 's attempt to capture the " american youth angst " failed miserably . instead what he created was a novel that felt more like a chore to get through . i never developed any connection or understanding of the characters . each chapter seemed to stumble into the next , with the end as predictable as the next expletive sheppard was going to use to give his protagonists a hard edge . you 'd do better saving your money , driving to the nearest mall , and find the kid in the anarchy t-shirt looking sullen , because it appears that is all sheppard did in this work . phew stinker-rooney !
this book is seriously out of date for modern web design and development
i read this in jan. of 01 and am just now transcribing my notes . here goes : trashy , but i could n't not finish it . story of best friends who go to a summer house every august with their families . secret betrayals of friendship , a hidden illness , a birth and a miscarriage . what else do you need to make a soap-opera style plot ? i give thayer credit for her spot on descriptions of feelings one experiences after miscarriage , from envy to despair . bottom line : rich people with too much money and rich people problems . it did n't stay in my short term memory very long
if you are a christian , this book is n't for you . it is full of blashphemy , concluding that we must " ... forgive god " and that we must love god " ... even if he isnt perfect " . kusher even has the will to say that " ...god would not be god... " without our love for him . at one point he reduces god to an aminal saying that in the garden of eden , when god said " ...let us make man in our image " he was speking to animals and creation . kusher explains that god created the world , and in the next paragraph that we came by evolution . since when was god in need of forgiveness ? isnt it that " ... god so loved the world " and it wasnt us that loved god ? i have no words in describing this book . it is full of error , because it does not base it self on the gospel of jesus christ . all this book does is frees you from the thought that you are a sinner , and that it isnt your fault , and that actully you are a good person . why do bad things happen to good people ? wrong question . there are no good people in the world in the first place . " for all have sinned and come short of the glory of god... " the world is in sin . the world does not have good people ! ! only by the grace of god , through faith in jesus christ you are made righteous . i beg you in the name of jesus christ to stay away from this book . it hasnt helped 4 million people , but it lied to them . kusher , please turn from your ways and come to jesus , then will you understand the life question " why "
as a long time fan of nicholas sparks , i was a little disappointed in this book . the potential for it to be a great story faded when it became about these two characters and nothing more . the entire book takes place in this little bed and breakfast and lacks the support of any minor characters . there just was n't enough going on in this book to keep my attention . sparks 's writing is beautiful as usual , but the plot for this story just did n't impress me the way his other stuff did . if you are looking for a great nicholas sparks read , try the rescue
it is difficult to believe that such a slow and dull book could be written about such a compelling subject . the reviewers who have lamented the short , choppy paragraphs that irritatingly jump from one scene to another , without benefit of full explanation or connection , are correct to scorn the overall poor writing that makes up this book . i had to read some paragraphs several times and even then did n't understand what i was reading . it was nearly impossible to picture most of the action in my mind , as it was mostly just a jumbled collection of facts and anecdotes that rambled on and on and on . the description of the fire itself drags on chaotically for fifty tedious pages , which incited one yawn after another . the book lacks any sense of focus and the author uses a very poor choice of words in many instances . for example , the narrative is littered with sentences like : " she made for the east exit... " okay , fine , but did she run , walk , crawl , hop , skip , jump , or fly to the east exit ? i just do n't know what to picture there . the word " made " says nothing descriptive and is therefor about the worst word that could have been chosen . this type of problem occurs on every page of the book . i have n't read anything else the author has written , so i hate to be so critical . i wonder , however , why his editor did n't send his manuscript back to him with thousands of suggestions . i felt as if i was reading a very hastily-prepared early draft . i have read many gripping books about disasters and survival situations . this just is n't one of them . compare " the circus fire " to " into thin air , " " heart of the sea , " " batavia 's graveyard , " or " ordeal by hunger " and you 'll understand what i mean
since i listened to this as a cd it is difficult to comment on the book as tony roberts performance was so bad , it was impossible to follow the story line . he read so slowly that it seems he received a bonus if he could stretch this little book into 7 excruciating cds which he did . in addition to the slooooow reading , his characterization were completely over the top . dino sounded like a moron and " billy bob " well like a texas moron . and what about billy bob , that cliche name eptomized the whole weak little story . skip this this one or prepare to suffer
a much condensed version would have helped but still would not have been a good story . the end was a disappointment and the middle laborious
toward the end of how now shall we live , chuck colson states , regarding popular music and media , that a little cotton candy is permissible as part of a healthy diet . however , he warns , a diet of junk food can be fatal . good advice concerning pop culture-but even more applicable to this book . yes , it contains a kernel of truth , but it ultimately is dangerous if not balanced by a heavy diet of other thinkers and theologians such as thomas merton , st. francis of assisi , ron sider , tony campolo , brian mclaren , brother lawrence , philip yancey , wendell berry-the list goes on . it often is guilty of oversimplifying the ideological conflicts the modern church faces , drawing the lines down to " christians " against the " naturalists " or " humanists , " thus ignoring the wide range of threats that seek to destroy the church . while there is truth in colson 's writing , i believe it ultimately stems from a flawed worldview-one defined largely by comfortable middle-class american thought and militaristic nationalism , sprinkled with the politically correct amount of christian belief . his faith seems to be overly academic , one that favors rhetoric and proof over prayer and other spiritual disciplines . evangelism , it seems to colson , is comprised heavily of apologetics . the secularists must be shown that they are wrong , he says . yes , there is truth and there is time for debate , but this book seems to prefer winning debates over building bridges and relationships . you see , i used to fear evolutionists and the proverbial round table of " secular humanists " that many conservative evangelicals love to discuss . but as i 've grown , i realize that threats to the church come more often from within than from secular culture , and they almost always have more to do with power and politics than the enlightenment or science .
i borrowed this from my sister-in-law to read . it is the first barr book i have read . i did not like it because of several reasons . first of all , the vulgar language was too much . one can write a fantastic thriller without words that are in the gutter . second , it was so mundane for a mystery . the writer could have made this a very interesting book with the setting being in yellowstone national park . someone needs to give me a book of barr 's to prove that she can write an interesting book using words that are common to our daily language instead of trash talk . ( by that i mean words one would use in professions of integrity . )
" just enough " is more than enough : a turgid , pretentious , strident , and wholly unoriginal piece of work . its framework neither breaks any new ground in the study of the sociology of business or organization behavior , nor is it a particularly useful addition to the realm of self-help pop-business literature . at best , this might have been a reasonable ten page article in the harvard business review , but surely not enough material for 280 pages ! better to read &quot ; do what you love , the money will follow : discovering your right livelihood,&quot ; by marsha sinetar , and call it a day
well , i thought that the book was coming . when i did not arrive at the last possible date i emailed and was told it was on backorder . they did let me get a refund which was nice . i would use them again for that reason alone .
all i could think was , " damn , if i had so many friends at my beck and call to talk me down off the ledge , i 'd never be depressed . " i do n't know quite how to explain it , but i felt no empathy for him . i only ended up feeling more depressed . as a history of depression , the level of research was quite impressive . if you read prozac nation and wanted to punch her out , steer clear of this one as well
please take this to heart... . i love mr. belushi 's acting , he 's funny and all...i have nothing against his career and respect him for making all the changes he did in his life.. . but...i can not say this louder then this : not all women are the same ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! i was reading this , i knew what i was to expect...so i went in with some knowledge . i love a real man , i love a real man ! ! i am not your a-typical woman and i will kill or die trying to remain myself . when ever i see book after book or hear more and more about this .... . i just fume because i will be the first to admit women 's lib destroyed womanhood ! but and i repeat but...not all women are for women 's lib and all the damage caused is not supported by all women . i am destroyed by people like mr. belushi because they think i am one of the group called 'all women ' and am judged because i belong to this group . his book is the most selfish book i have ever read and again , do not get me wrong about being a man , i support it and ca n't stand a man who ca n't be a man... . for me , money is not status , a career is not status and marriage does not complete me ! if you fail at making the money you want , i 'll encourage you to lift your spirits and never tell you what job to do...if you do n't have the money to take me out or buy me anything , i do n't judge the quality of who you are , i will enjoy a night in front of the dvd player with you and i 'm happy ! i do n't ask you to call because i 'm checking up on you , i ask you to call and let me know you 're safe....i do n't snoop in your stuff because i 'm nosey , i respect your privacy because i trust you - give me reason to stand up and not take your crap and i will , but only after i shower you with unconditional love and acceptance because i give it to you , and if that still has n't reached you , all i can do is then stand up for myself where my man should be protecting me . yes , chivalry is the key to this girls heart , but you better have a set to back that up too ! your friends are my friends and i love them because i love you and you love them...nothing more , but they sure do take by destroying us since they do n't have the 'us ' in their own lives.. . i support and wish there were more real men out there...there are only two wants from this woman to her man 1-do n't cheat on me and lie to my face , i need that security ( pay attention , my security does not come from your paycheck , it comes from your arm wrapped around me , protecting me with your love ) and 2- it is your job to take care of us and when you ca n't , i am right there to get your back not to get in your way , not to diminish you , but to help you when you say you need my help . that did not cost you your friends , did not cost a penny and it did not cost you your freedoms as a man . i give freely , lovingly , unconditionally and always not because of the notches on your bedpost , not because it cost you a dime , not because you did it my way , not because you gave up one dang thing - i gave you every reason to want to give me your arm around me and your want to protect me . two things is all i need to give you an entire lifetime of love , honor , respect and every ounce of my body to you...freely...got it ? ? ? i am halfway through the book and realized that yeah , i love one of the biggest jerks out there because of who he 's become , i will love him til the day i die and will always and i mean always give him that love , respect as a man and honor him as my man....because 'i ' want to change me to be a better woman , not because he got whipped into what i wanted him to be ! not all women fit the bill of true wamonhood but i sure am dang proud of myself that i strive for it
it is difficult , nay , impossible , to like a book when all the characters are obnoxious , money worshipping parasites , and that is exactly what we have in this novel . out of the blue a godfather appears , a deus ex machina , who offers an idealistic lawyer , clay carter , more wealth than he can imagine or use . anyone with a brain would know that there has to be a hook within the bait , a very sharp , very large hook . with apparent ease , this naive lawyer swallows the hook and makes millions and millions of dollars before he so much as senses that he is in deep trouble . enthralled with the gaudy toys and women that money brings him , he immediately loses sight of reality . what a hollow and useless individual he is , as are those he hires to assist him and those with whom he associates in his lawyer world . whether or not there are such individuals ( enron ? ) is beside the point . they may exist , but i for one am not eager to hear their life stories . the atmosphere in which they live is boring , as are their conversations , their lack of values , their hobbies , their sex lives , and their comeuppances . somehow , even in their fall , they never lose all their money and they never quite realize what hollow individuals they are . having read most of mr. grisham 's other books , i expected better from him .
i like john grisham , but the king of torts was a slow-moving disappointment . grisham is obviously making an argument for tort reform in this novel , which is fine , but he ends up putting the message above the story . grisham devotes much of this novel to a young plaintiffs ' lawyer and his new law firm dedicated to class action lawsuits . this provides grisham with an excuse to explain , in agonizing detail , how tort lawyers sue big companies and collect huge fees . grisham also produces scene after scene describing the enormous wealth of class action lawyers , and how they put their own greed above the interests of their clients . in the end , none of this adds up to an engaging storyline . it does n't help that the young lawyer in this novel is a rather unlikable person that grisham is obviously setting up for a fall . since i did n't care for this character , i found the storyline of the king of torts to be largely uninvolving . this novel is also rather preachy and heavy-handed in tone . i personally dislike class action lawsuits , but i read novels for entertainment , not to validate my own political beliefs . although this book was decently written , i just did n't find the story interesting enough to recommend . for a better version of this story , i would suggest a civil action by jonathan harr .
owen does a remarkable job of making himself look like a complete jerk . he comes off as arrogant , showing little empathy towards debra 's problems earlier on in their marriage ( eating disorder , depression , social anxiety ) . he writes about very private matters in his book that have nothing to do with the legal trouble debra was in , but instead are very embarrassing to her . he comes across as a husband with no compassion . it 's ironic that he goes on and on about debra 's poor choices in boyfriends over the years , and how they were always so controlling of her....and then he goes on to tell us how mad he was because he was a tidy person and debra did n't keep the house tidy...and he did n't approve of the way she dressed ! ! seems to me that he was no different than the other guys she dated . he repeatedly reminds us of how smart he is , his gpa , jobs , earning potential , etc...but then admits that when they separated , he sticks debra with the credit card bill that still had a balance from their wedding and honeymoon to pay off ! he says it was in her name , so she can have it ! owen shows how little a man he really is in this book . debra did have horrible things happen to her as a kid , and maybe if she could have married a man with compassion in his heart , she would n't have gone down the road she did . i feel very sorry for debra after reading this book
this is a good book for serious health nuts that have the time and energy to make simple easy recipes with a million strange ingredients that you 've probably never heard of . if you plan on making lots of baby food with kelp and sea weed then this is the book for you
a sad reminder that history is written by the victors . i wonder how americans would feel if al qaeda would write a similar book glorifying the 9-11 attacks . disgusting
mark twain called the book of mormon " chloroform in print " and he was n't kidding . it is by far the most boring read i have encountered ( i could barely get through it ) . i am a woman of faith - faith in god and faith in christ and i do n't know how anyone could believe this rubbish . please , anyone who is taking this at all seriously - do some research on the church . ask some hard questions ( you will likely get a rehearsed answer , but it 's worth a shot ) . joseph smith was accused ( and fined with a misdimeanor ) of being a " glass looker " - hired by a man to help him find buried silver mines started and left behind by the spanish . he would use " magic stones " that were placed in a hat to tell him where to find the location . so convenient that he later found " gold plates " and used what he called the " urim and thum " ( which , by the way are actually gemstones that were carried by the high priests of israel in biblical times ) to translate these plates ( he describes them as stones he looked at in a hat ) . there are so many myths that are told by members of the church " most men were so distraught at the thought of polygamy " , the age issue of joseph translating the book of mormon , joseph smith 's actual role in polygamy ( which really should be called polandry - when a woman has more than one husband... 11 of josephs 33 wives were actually married to other men first and then married to him , having never divorced the first husband - what 's up with that ? ? ? ) . . etc.. and the list goes on and on.. . i am not disputing that mormons take care of their own... that they are often kind people who have good hearts , i think that is all wonderful and if you want to join their church for those reasons that 's great ! just please do some homework first and do n't just rely on the " power of prayer " . there is a reason that utah is the [ ... ] capital of the usa ( i 'm sure every one of those people " prayed " about that big business decision - it can often be mis-intrepreted ) .
while it is true that brandenburg is a tremendous photographer and the majority of photos are simply breathtaking . i returned my copy because the datebook also contained disturbing photos of dead wildlife . i 'm very tender when it comes to wildlife , and while i know that death is a natural part of the life cycle , i am disturbed by dead wildlife and would never chose a book or datebook containing such pictures . for anyone who is animal sensitive and dislikes any death photos , then this is not the book for them . otherwise , i would recommend it
i have nothing more to say than i 've already said in my headline . lou dobbs ' book was a big disappointment for me .
i 've read every one of iris johansen 's " suspense " novels and have loved most of them . the last couple though have been so painful to get through . this one however , i do n't think i can even finish . i read where someone called these characters " cardboard , " and i could n't agree more . the female heroine randomly throws in curse words in a cheap attempt to create tension between herself and the supposed male protagonist . whereas in the eve duncan books and the wind dancer books we are drawn into the story and come to care for the characters , it is patently obvious what will happen with each of these characters - makes me think of a writing 101 class . " now this should happen here , and this here , and this here and boom , climax , happily every after . "  i hope that iris can get her groove back and begin writing novels worth my time .
mark rank proposes many interesting ideas that attempt redefine how we think about poverty in america . most of his ideas are solid , but my deepest concern is with the readers who gave this book 5 stars and used the word " interesting " to describe it . did they actually read it ? this book is an unending parade of boring and repeated ideas presented in different , yet equally boring ways . i honestly beleive that this book has destroyed the thrill of musical chairs for me forever . this book could have been written in about 150 pages instead of the 250 it actually took if he simply used his original , not to mention solid , ideas . the nature of the book greatly weakened his overall argument . not only was the book dry , but it also seemed to fail to acknowledge the global system the us is a part of , and in particular , the role that immigration plays on poverty in the us . he talks about the us and the people in it as if they were static , but we live in a very fluid world , growing more fluid everyday , and i feel that his failure to ackowledge this fact truly hurts his overall argument .
forget the tom wolfe comparison . this book is simply boring ! i 'm half through reading it , but i 'm still waiting for something interesting to happen . if nobody tells me that the second half is much , much better than the first , i 'm going to throw it away ( which i rarely do ) . how could i believe this excellent book review ( in a swiss newspaper )
i appreciate that there has to be some of this to cater to the various tastes out there--but this book has way too much . i read 4 stories in a row that were either about lesbians or bisexual men . i am going to stick to books that have more balance or emphasize hot sex between men and women . the other stuff just does n't do it for me . i got bored and started turning the pages fast . disappointing
you know , i hate to burst the bubble of devoted trotskyites across the globe , but trotsky was just as responsible for stalin 's rule as anyone . for leon to blame stalin is the height of hypocrisy . without lenin 's apparatus of social repression and trotsky 's apparatus of military dictatorship , stalin would never have been . the russian revolution was never a win for workers . it destroyed them , some 4 million at lenin 's hands , 30 million by stalin , and 65 million by mao tse-tung . no policy or ideology that denies the soul can ever succeed . and communism does just that . by denying that which makes humans humans , it can bring only suffering
i thought keegan was a " serious " historian . this book contains little to do with the actual war itself - you would have picked up more on how it was fought on a 2nd rate cable news channel - indeed i beleive thats where he did all his research for this poor excuse for a " serious " miltary analysis of the iraq war
the self-improvement books how to win friends and influence people and talking the winner 's way are both way superior to this short book . most of what you read is basically review if you 've ready other similar books . and what 's present does n't pack enough substance or &quot ; how to&quot ; to make it really worth your time . about half-way through the book , gabor started presenting fresh ideas . the problem , however , is that it was half-way through the book . not a bad read , but there 's so much better . if you happen across it one day on the street , it wo n't do any harm to read it . but i ca n't recommend paying money for something you already know , or can get for a better deal
the book is entertaining , however if you wish to read this from a scholarly point of view and you have spent any time studying the ancient world to any degree...you will be appauled to find that the author of this book simply added his own interpretations to events , biblical texts , and blatantly stretched ( pun so intended ) the truth on so much . i 'd had enough from a research point of view when this guy not onlt spelt the names of gods wrong , but hyped only childish popular perspectives that no closer resemble ancient sumerian belief than does the golden arches as a phallic symbol . if you take away any claim of being a historical reference , this book is good . it 's a tongue and cheek look on the penis and that is about all it does . totally not serious , but a giggle to be had here and there . some of which is at the author 's expense
when i first got diagnosed with add ( as an adult ) i believe the exact phrase " you mean i 'm not lazy , crazy or stupid ? " went through my mind . finally , there was an explanation . so when i heard about a book by that name , certainly i had to check it out . once i did though , i was sorely disappointed . i have add , yes . nevertheless , i 've still managed to get pretty far in life in spite of the " handycap " the authors of this book seem so eager to hide under . it 's been a while since i read it , but i have the distinct recollection of finding some new example of a " you ca n't succeed in the world because you are 'disabled ' " mentality on every page . you ca n't do this , you ca n't do that , you 've failed and you will continue to fail - just accept it . excuse me ? i do n't know about the authors of this book , but my add makes me creative and intuitive and perceptive and just generally a genuinely unique and awesome person ( egomania aside ) . where is this addressed ? where are the helpful hints for harnessing that kind of potential ? if they 're in there , i sure did n't see them . all i found were new little tricks for combatting the " affliction " with which i am ( oh so unfortunately ) beset . using these tricks , i can hope against hope for some semblence of a " normal " life they say . thanks but no thanks . i 'm doing pretty well so far , and i refuse to feel like some sort of mental cripple . if you , and the authors are happy considering yourself as something less than the rest of the world because of the way your mind works , feel free - this is the perfect book for you . but you can count me out .
have you ever read a book that just seemed to drag on and on ? for me , that was this book . if you like fantasy then you might like this , because that is the genre of this book . it is about a jewish girl named hannah . she goes to a family party and hears a knock on the door . she opens it and then sort of wakes up and she thought it was a dream . she now has a new name , chaya . she now has to figure out what happened , and what she will do in this body . it takes place in new rochelle . it is old times . it does n't give a specific time but you can infer by the clues and setting . she does n't know why this happened to her but she must try to fix it . i did n't like this book at all . i thought it was really hard to follow . you have to pay attention throughout the whole book . you can never daydream or you wo n't know why they are calling her a new name . this was definitely made for older adults , or people with a higher reading level . if you are a good reader and you like to challenge yourself , try this book . i do n't recommend this book if you are younger , or just not that well of a reader . this is for very and i mean very good and high level readers . i would say between the ages of 25-60 might like this book . i do n't think this book was a page turner . i wanted to put it down , instead of not wanting to put it down . it never sparked my interest . her being jewish , and the book being a fantasy , i could n't relate to anything that happened . this book was hard to concentrate on . if you look up for one second , you miss most of the story , so concentrate hard . i could n't relate to anyone . i am not jewish . if you are jewish , you might actually understand this book better than i could . i did n't like the genre . it was all fake and totally unrealistic . if you like that sort of stuff , then read this book , but i do n't like fantasy . i did n't like how it was written . it was too hard to concentrate on . i had to reread twice to find out why they are calling her a different name . i never found any surprised in the story . i could guess what would happen next . it was predictable . none of the chapters had cliffhangers . if just was boring and that 's it . i thought it was extremely boring . i did n't understand anything and i would rather do my homework , than read that book . my mind wandered a lot . i had to read sections over and over again . i never believed the plot one bit . with the story being fantasy , everything is farfetched . i think older people would enjoy this book , because they would be the only ones who could understand it .
i picked up this book at the airport as i was heading to japan . while staying with my in laws in the country , there is no english language anything . this is all i brought so i had to finish it . but it was a struggle . firstly i like complex thrillers , and i liked all the tom clancy jack ryan series . technically excellent , if with totally one dimensional characters . this book reminds me of the original star trek , where everyone but the captain is affected by the virus . the hero is always right . bell can write , his prose , i think is fine , but the scenarios are sometimes laughably implausible . i also agree with another reviewer here that there is an unpleasant racist overtone in some of his depictions of some of the bad guys . overall awful , just awful . my first and last bell book . i will be leaving the rest of the bell collection on the shelf
i 'll be the first to admit that i 'm biased based on my expectations from shaara 's father 's great book , the killer angels . it is not fair to compare the two , but because reading the father 's book lead me to buy this one , i thought i should mention it . this book does not contain nearly the details and intimancies of the father 's book . it is not surprising since this one covers a much longer time frame than the battle of gettysburg , so shaara has less pages to devote to each person and battle . but the result is a less satisfying book . it skims rather than digs deep
this book provides nothing new . it is centered on the whole idea of setting up your retirement accounts so they automatically deduct from your paycheck . if you have 401k , duh , it does that automatically...anyway , boring . it also says to save money , do n't use credit cards , pay yourself , blah , blah , blah . oh yeh , if you save early you will be a millionaire in like forty years...zzzz . ok , it did help me by reminding me about the interest rates in banks . one idea was to put the emergency funds in a money market account which offers a higher interest rate than a regular savings account . upon reading this , i decided to do this and doing this made me realize the dismal .2 % i 've been earning on my saving account . and not realizing the latest craze started by ing , all the other banks offer an " online savings " account which offers 5 % compare to the dismal .2 % . i immediately switched ! other than this part of the book , it was boring
the reviewer below who said " more heat than light " got it partly right . this book is so badly written you have to wonder if the author 's other works were written by the same person . not only is it sophomoric , it is gibberish . had its author been unknown , she would surely have had to pay for the book 's publication . incredibly bad , it may at least serve as a source of hope for struggling writers who believe that only the best works are accepted by publishers
after reading deep south and flashback , i was looking forward to going back and reading some of the earlier anna pigeon books . liberty falling has to be the worst of the pigeon series . i found myself skimming over pages and skipping over the last third of the book to get to the end and hope the ending would make it worth the read . it was n't .
for someone who spends his career attacking politically-motivated science , stephen jay gould does a pretty good job combining scientific research with politics in this book . gould rambles on and on , attacking giants of modern science like samuel morton and francis galton , and never putting up any serious scientific conclusions of his own . gould presents fabricated objections to serious research and selectively excludes studies that make a clear correlation between intelligence and brain and skull size as well as differences in brain size between the human population groups and correlations between brain size and class . gould only ridicules the most outlandish claims of scientific racism and refuses to pick on findings that have been proven correct . for anyone who has no knowledge of biology , this book will give them a very distorted view of the entire science . stephen jay gould is a paleontologist ; evolutionary biology is an amateur field for him , and it would be best if he , as well as all other crypto-marxists who wish to blend science and politics , stay out of it
before i started reading " zen and the art of motorcycle maintenance , " the book had a lot going for it : stellar reviews on the cover , an intriguing title and its status as one of five or six books found in the meager philosophy section at walden books in pocatello . unfortunately , despite these advantages , the book failed to deliver anything but ambiguity and disappointment . do n't get me wrong , it was n't terrible , it just was n't very good . i 'm not sure whether the book is a memoir , a novel or a philosophical treatise . in " zen " robert pirsig tells the story of a motorcycle trip he went on with his son , chris in the 1970s . but the story , i guess , is not really about the bike trip itself but the thoughts the author has about quality and technology . the only interesting passage of the whole book can be found on page 17 :  " the buddha , the godhead , resides quite as comfortably in the circuits of a computer or the gears of a cycle transmission as he does at the top of a mountain or in the petals of a flower . "  that passage is good . the rest of the book is depressing and confusing . throughout the entire motorcycle trip , the author ignores his son and becomes lost in his own head thinking deep thoughts about the definition of " quality . "  i 'm not sure if this book was intended as a novel , but if it was , it failed to produce character growth . it 's standing as a work of philosophy is not much better . the author 's ideas could have been explained in a 20 page essay and been much clearer . whatever the book was supposed to be , it did n't impressed me .
i 'm at page 116 right now . the writing is lovely , the specifics dense , and the sense of place rich . if the author tries to create suspense one more time by having the father say , " i just ca n't go on with this story ! " i 'm going to throw the book at the wall . also , so many embarrassing little holes . if i were a librarian i would say , " so dracula 's checked out . go to a bookstore . every bookstore in the country has a copy . " and if i were the cat , i would know i was a goner the second i appeared as indeed he does within a paragraph ( you need to plant the gun in an early scene if you 're going to fire it ) . lastly , it seems like dracula would be so much more efficient if he just killed the main characters rather than killing everyone around them . unless " dracula " is related to our heroine--that would be good . will read a bit more . . .
overall i found this guide pretty confusing , but i guess it is better than nothing . there are better choices , and some may want to consider auto-formatting software such as eazypaper and others .
i read this book , it was okay but the story flashed back to much , and i could n't folow all of it but i read all of it anyway . i would n't recommend it . too slow moving , and boring because of the flashbacks . the movie was the same way
let me start by saying that i would have given this book zero stars if i could . the reviews i 've read are all true . this book is boring , extremely repetitive and a waste of time . the only reason i finished it was because i paid for it . i truly believe that danielle steel has lost her gift of writing . she has not published a good book in a long time . i also think that she 's lost her editor , because to me , a good editor would n't let books like this be printed . this story pretty much follows stories she 's done before except it 's told from the guy 's point of view . there 's the rich guy , charlie , who ca n't seem to find the " perfect " girl to marry . he finds a flaw with every one he dates . he lost his parents at a young age , his sister left school to raise him , and just before he graduated college , she died of a brain tumor . so of course he 's afraid that anyone he gets close to will die or leave him . then there 's rich adam , whose wife left him and took their two children with her . it was a bitter divorce , so he has no desire to ever marry again . he dates girls half his age and never stays with one long . his parents blame him for the divorce . every time he visits them , his mother let 's him know what a huge disappointment he is to the family . the last of the trio is gary , a struggling artist . he has no desire to ever marry or date . the three men spend the month of august each year on charlie 's yacht , partying and going on and on about how they do n't want commitments . well of course , each one meets someone , they start to date , they argue , they break up , they have their epiphany and everyone lives happily ever after . same old story . danielle steel should stop writing . you ca n't tell me she does n't have enough money to live on . i for one will not read any more of her books , even a paperback , and i wo n't even bother renting them from the library . i wo n't waste my time having to check the book out and worrying about getting it back on time . there are better authors available and i 'm going to read them
this is the second nevada barr that i have read . i picked it up on the strength of deep south , which i thought was really terrific . it was frustrating that nearly all of what i liked about deep south was missing from flashback . flashback is structured with interwoven narratives which involve both the real-life murder and a civil war mystery related to anna pigeon 's own family . the civil war story ( told through letters and dream-like sequences ) is clearly intended to add a note of gothic mystery to the story . some may like the flavor that this element provides , but for me it dilutes the elements of the writing that i most enjoy . i really liked the crisp realism of deep south , and felt that the style put it a cut above most books in the genre . flashback , on the other hand , felt painfully contrived . the plot line with the letters was extremely unrealistic and ( to my mind ) unnecessary . if you like historical mysteries with a gothic flavor more than you like realism in a detective novel , then you will probably be significantly less bothered than i was by flashback . barr at least made a clear choice with her approach to the book . judging from the reviews , not everyone had a negative reaction to the interwoven plot lines . i will go ahead and pick up a third barr book , because i did like deep south so much . it was disappointing to have not had my high hopes realized with my second outing , but hope that it can be redeemed with a third .
design of book is very poor--pictures totally unclear and print is crowded making it impossible to focus on the story . the translations are not bad but there is no effort to organize the material and put it in contex
i was not impressed with this book . it is just basic stuff . i would have expected a more sophisticated analyis of financials from this publisher
i expected information about design , but this is just a self serving " i am good at what i do " book . i am sure he is good but there is little or no information about how to actually desigh furniture . no proportions , no instruction except make your mistakes on paper by sketching first . a waste of good money .
if an author sets out to write a collection of short stories about adultery , you 'd think they 'd have a lo say about it , right ? well , ford certainly expends plenty of words , but the net impact of them is next to nothing by the end of this incredibly feeble navel-gazing group of stories . mind-numbingly similar in tone and temperament , the ten stories center of upper and upper-middle class white , middle-aged , married professionals who seem to have drifted into infidelity . story after story plods cautiously along , poking at the consequences of adultery in a very mild way , with leaden dialogue and a lot of empty moodiness . adultery is treated almost as a kind of bland rite-of-passage for a disconnected male . marital infidelity can happen in so many ways for so many reasons , and yet ford seems interested in only a very limited field of it . i have no idea what his personal background or situation is , but it 's a collection you read and leave wishing the author had worked out their issues in therapy or something . if he was n't such a literary bigshot , there 's no way this would have been published-it strikes the same note over and over and over , and is n't provocative , insightful , or even interesting . ps . if you were planning on the audio version , do n't . ford is a terrible reader , sounding like someone reading the telephone book aloud as punishment
...essentially you get what you pay for . this book is certanly not representative of what i have come to expect from national geographic . i had eagerly anticipated the arrival of my book , but was dissappointed to find within the first few pages that it is uninspiring at best . most of the pictures are poorly executed and at times seem amateurish . in the past i 've found photographs by professionals like steve mccurry ( 'portraits ' ) visually arresting . not so here . at least it only cost me $ 20 oredering from amazon . if i had been able to preview it beforehand , i would not have thought it worth even the discounted price
if hz 's sensationalist title gives you pause , you 're on to something . the " story " preston narrates is , indeed , terrifying . it is a story about disease , politics , epidemiology , history , geography.. . so much could have been made of this story ( and so much has been , by far more capable writers ) . preston , it seems , is only capable of going for the jugular . hz shows no evidence of research ( it lacks even a trace of a bibliography ) , and attests little more than a rudimentary grasp , on the part of its author , of the history , epidemiology , or politics of ebola ( no more than one might glean from any half decent article on the topic ) . from its opening page stroll through the air-lock doors of a bio-containment research lab , to its closing page 'death-defying ' romp through kitum cave ( how very brave of you , rp ! ) , hz is in full pandering-for-the-cameras mode . if this book was not a thinly veiled hollywood screenplay , i 'll eat my proverbial hat . even this might have been tolerable were preston a remotely thoughtful observer or a marginally adept writer . hz is all cliches and lazy reporting . it is an embarassment
most of the information is very " theoritical " and " limited " -- author focus mainly on her own analysis of her mother and her relationship with her . .. . in a nutshell , the message is that a dysfunctional mother 'll pass her emotioanal issues to her daughter ( s ) , and in turn , the daughter ( s ) may pass that onto her offspring ( s ) . .. .
the official censes of the ottoman empire in the early 1900s showed well over five million christians living in the provinces of what are now modern turkey . western specialists who helped the turks conduct their censes stated that the turks purposely undercounted the christians and overcounted the turks . so , there were many more than just five million christians . there are now approximately only a hundred thousand christians in modern turkey . the question that the author pointedly neglects to address is what happened to the difference between over five million in the early 1900s and only a hundred thousand people today . we know that over a million surviving greeks were expelled in the exhange of populations between greece and turkey in 1923 . again , what happened to the huge difference of 4-5 million people ? to the 1.5 million massacred armenians , must be added three quarters to a million assyriac christians ( aramaic-speaking arab christians ) and as many as two million greeks ( almost 30 percent of the greek people ) . the author does not touch on the large numbers of christians who were enslaved by turks or forced to convert to islam to avoid massacre which explains the large number greek-speaking " turks " around trebizon on the black sea . it is not as if there is not vast contemporary accounts of neutral and western observers of this enormous genocide and ethnic cleansing of the original , pre-turkish populations of anatolia . i can only conclude that the author had such an inborn bias in favor of turkey as to ignore a slaugher that approaches the jewish holocaust of wwii . avoiding this subject amounts to holocaust denial . the christian genocide was the first great genocide of the 20th century and hitler 's model for the jewish genocide . the massacre of the greek and armenian population of smyrna ( now izmir ) ranks with the rape of nanking in sheer horror and scale , but the author skips over it in a rush to avoid any detail of the crime or assign any blame except to the greeks and armenians by repeating the discredited canard that they set fire to their own city . the author 's treatment of the christian genocide reminds me of the comments to me of a turkish officer at a nato conference which were to the effect that there had been no armenian genocide ( the turkish government official line ) but , in any case , that they had deserved it . the author seems to have taken her treatment of the subject from the turkish government as well
" karl marx , years ago , gave a description of why this might be happening . he followed the most moral and meritocratic theory for wealth and value : an object is worth as much as the effort it takes to make . "  no it 's not ! ! ! an object 's worth is based upon both the supply of an object and the demand for it arrising from consumers . to imply that it comes from the effort it takes to make implies that a milkshake that takes only a few minutes to make is worth far less than a vial of poison that took an hour to make or an atomic bomb that took months to make , which would mean that we should subsidize the military-industrial complex , since all those workers worked hard to create those deadly things . " petty-bourgeois ' owners , i.e . the mom-and-pop stores and small business in general , of which my grandpa , a dentist , was a part of , are being driven under by corporate chain competition in retail . "  this is either to the innefficiency in their store to meet consumer demands or to the massive regulations burdened upon them by the government . all regulations do nothing but add an increased burden on to competition and thus kills them out . there 's a reason why the owner 's of wal-mart recently said that the federal government should increase the minimum wage to over $ 8 , as this would cause many smaller businesses to go bankrupt , lay off employees , and prevent future businesses from starting up to compete with wal-mart . another problem is the subsidies that the smaller store pays to wal-mart ( wal-mart collects millions in subsidies due to marx 's labor theory of value once again ) and of the use of emminent domain abuse ( which can be justified on the grounds of the " greater good " as opposed to the individual good of your mom and pop stores ) . " but no theory is ever flawless , and socialists should be able to correct their past flaws to account for human nature and " reality . " there is no reason to believe that heavy social hierarchy and class division is a necessary evil ; workers can manage their lives just fine through cooperatives . "  sure there is . human beings are inherently unequal , differing in many skills , abilities , ambition , the choices that they make in life , how they apply their time , etc . etc . of course , there is is n't any reason that individuals ca n't create wealth nonetheless , creating goods and services that help others out in exchange for some good or service itself . and cooperatives need to be voluntary first . nor can cooperatives produce the bulk of wealth . there needs to be some division of labor , trade and commerce , etc . or else all cooperatives end up as hunter-gatherering tribes reduced to the real law of the jungle to survive . this ca n't happen if everything is collectively owned . " since workers are the sole producers of goods from scratch to end "  no ! entreprenuers , innovators , etc . provide much of the creativity , design , direction for the purchase and use of capital goods , negotiation of deals , evaluation of threats , problems , and consumer requests , and other such things . it was n't the workers at microsoft who created cheap desktop computers , it was bill gates , the workers are merely a form of mass-production who help out , but ultimately mass produce a good or service in exchange for privately owned wages , caused by supply and demand .
pick up any dictatorial king from the past world and read any writing about him by one of his blind followers , whose very existence and relevance is due to that king . what you will get from that kind of writing ? noonan was a speechwriter reagan administration . sound familiar ? noonan does not get how ordinary citizens used to live under the rule of kings and how they felt about kings . probably she does not care . americans are lucky that they never had any king . noonan fails to provide any inside information how reagan dealt with many difficult things of his presidency - aids , iran-contra , welfare , deficits , funding mujahideens , cozy relationship with saddam . instead she tried to portray his 8 years like a disney feelgood fairytale - good ruler , happy citizens... " happily lived ever after " . basically , this book contains just glorification of a person who is viewed as king by the writer . her admiration took away her basic ability of criticism and desire to provide any information that readers do n't know already . this is a writing isolated from the reality of 80 's ( which is nothing new in human civilizations ) . secondly , she fails to understand that reagan was just an elected politician and many have contributions on whatever achieved in his 8 years of presidency - including average hard-working americans . but she gives all the credits to reagan , except all the negative things , like iran-contra . in the world of democracy this book deserved to be in trash - a perfect place for the kings , characters of kings and the writings about them
my grandmother and my mother have read danielle steele for years , but i must admit i 'd never picked one up . i was always more for historical romances . but i wanted something different , had heard good things about her , so while at the library , decided to give her a try . i have to say i 'm extremely disappointed . granted , i 'm a fellow writer ( a very picky reader by nature ) , and an unpublished one to boot , but the writing could 've been better in my opinion . the first five pages are all backstory of paris 's marriage ( no action , no excitement , told very " history lesson-ish " ) and what could have been an extremely powerful scene between paris and her husband ( the inciting incident in the first chapter ) left me wondering , " so what ? " . twenty five pages in , i could care less about these people . i honestly expected more from a bestselling author .
i wonder if im reading the same book the others are reading . i 'm on page 101 right now and it took me about 4 days to get this far . ( i 've gone through 3 clique books in a day , so it 's not like i 'm a slow reader ) the book is just so boring . its like ive read all of this cr @ p before ! so far sam had a graduation party at her dad 's yacht , we hear about 2 new characters from a rival school who happen to be enemies of sam and her group and conveniently enough the two schools do something together , i forget what but it looks like it will be the opportunity for sam to get her revenge for getting poop smeared on her white jeans a few years back ( eye-roll ) . anna is incapable of taking care of herself at a time of crisis ( her car gets rear ended by some cliche white trash woman ) so her dad 's 'dont judge a book by the cover cliche ' tatooed but hot new intern comes to rescue her , omg romance ! ( another eye roll ) ben is being a troll my guess is hes cheating on her , but seriously reading that chapter where they go on this really uncomfortable date just made me want to scream at the book ! it was so annoying . the only thing keeping me reading right now is the cammie storyline , i want her to confront her dad and find out what happened to her mom . right now im giving the book 2 stars , after i finish the book ( if i ever do ) ill come back and edit this . if anyone wants to take me out of my misery and tell me what happened to cammies mom , be my guest ! lol  * * * edit * * * it got a lot better after page 101 , the sam plot got developed ( a bit overdone , tacky and stalkerish , i mean a life size cut out ? a 100 cell phones ? come on , what a waste of money . she could have donated all that $ $ $ to some charity in peru and impressed her guy a lot more . the cammie story is getting juicier , and parker may have a bona fide crush on sam . i still think ben is a creep . well i guess i wont spoiler everything lol . i 'm still not done yet . ill continue this after i finish . * * * final edit * * * after a good middle , the book took a nosedive . the story of cammie 's mother was horribly disappointing . i officially hate ben now and im getting more and more sick of anna for even being into him . what kind of guy tries to make a girl feel weird and uptight for thinking that sex between two people should be special ? ? ? that just really turned me off . the girl who wins a contest by wearing nothing but body paint to the party ? ? okay , this is a book that 12 year olds read , did we seriously need to hear that ? the best way to get liked is to get naked ? sigh... the two stars rating stands . sorry
after having read and loved howard pyle 's 1968 classic press edition of " the merry adventures of robin hood " i was quite disappointed with " the story of king arthur and his knights " . whereas pyle brilliantly brought his characters to life in " robin hood " , the characters of " king arthur " seem flat and lifeless by comparison . the king arthur stories read like little more than a description of events ; one does n't really get a feeling of being there while things are happening as in " robin hood . " the dialogue seems much more realistic in " robin hood " , but i think there 's more to it . the writing style in " king arthur " i 'd characterize as prosaic---in sharp contrast to the charming , poetic style of writing in " robin hood . "
so very boring... i gave up halfway in . i usually hate to leave books unfinished but i felt like it was a waste of my time . my sister liked it though .
as i 've said before national hypnosis ! ! ! liberals want to dupe the masses into believing that modern conservatism and lberalism are different ideologies ( they both come from hegel and machiavelli the philosophies that gave birth to communism and facism ) .
mr wong is making a good living selling his book and working the lecture circut . some good ideas but a lot of impractical stuff included . the reality of the classroom and the ineffectiveness of school administration make working under such ideal circumstances unrealistic . work in 5 classes of 40-50 kids each day who ca n't read ( many are moved up so they can be with their friends ) and such touchy feely programs quickly fall aside .
these are revised remarks since my comments about " prediabetes " and " stop diabetes " being the same book . i got them both and felt somewhat duped . gretchen did contact me to explain the prediabetes is a second edition of stop diabetes . i wish it said that on the cover . the book ( s ) info about stopping the progression of diabetes is great , so i do recommend either of these books . it is well written in a style that 's easy to understand . just do n't get both books ; they 're essentially identical
i have to admit that my wife read this book first and said it was slow . she did n't say how slow though . but rather than take her word for it ( why should i ? after all , she 's my wife ) i bothered to pick it up and read it . how i wish i had listened to her and left it in the box of stuff for the rummage sale . i can not stand baldacci 's juvenile charactor dialog , but finish it i did though most of it i could have read through closed eyes and not missed anything . i 'll stick with my nelson demille from here on if i want literary junk food
this book is so densely packed with miniscule details and examples that the information 's significance becomes blurred , if not obsolete . the authors show they are very knowledgable on the subject , but they fail to analyze the information they present . the reader is left to interpret the meaning of details and ponder why they are included . the authors also use repetitive examples that become tiring and ineffective . the only minutely important information is presented in the topic sentences of each paragraph , and the book can be reasonably well understood just by reading the introductory sentences . while this book could be a treasure house for someone researching the relationship between manors and their respective villages , the average reader 's attention is never captured . students , beware ! before embarking on an excruciatingly dull explaination of medieval village life , reconsider your other options of reading material . ( one option is another book by these authors that has gotten better reveiws .
attention : seasoned realestate investers do n't waste your time purchasing this book . ideal for amatuer investors who want to add more value to their piece of real estate .
i found this book to be a vaguely interesting dissertation on what the sham ( self-help actualization motivational ) movement is , and maybe even on why it is , but no help whatsoever in giving me any tools for argument against it . i thought , sucked in by the interesting cover suggesting brain-washing in such a humorous way , that the author might have a sense of humor herself and i 'd find her book absorbing intellectually and on other levels as well . i would read a page or a paragraph or two , close the book , and nod off . this is such a fascinating area , it could be the basis for a really fascinating book , but " self-help , inc... " left me feeling i needed to go to a self-help group to deal with the density of the verbage . it would not appeal most to the people most in need of reading it - the victims of sham
a friend recommended this book which i unfortunately bought . i feel sorry for people who think that this is " writing . " the author not only contradicts herself but the writing is shallow and lacks any depth . if you want to feel good , buy yourself a bottle of wine , not this book
this play explores the same old turf as " death of a salesman " , but it does so with much less satisfaction and much less character development . eddie is no willy loman , though , and the play suffers immediately from a lack of a central , driving force like willy . parts of the play seem borrowed from tennessee williams , and they do n't seem to work in this context . there is some business about the romance of the old world italy versus the new world of opportunity on the docks of new york , and it is the only topic that is at all explored well , if still unsatisfactorily . eddie 's dreams are represented in his pretty niece , catherine ; and unlike willy loman 's uncle , she is still an attainable dream . that makes eddie 's life seem all the more petty , in comparison to willy 's : he longs wearily not after what he could have had , but after what he can never have , as he is already married . the death scene at the end of the play also seems like a forced , tacked on ending , and alfieri 's entire presence is a more or less unsuccessful stage gimmick . there are better plays by miller , and many better plays by others
before purchasing made in detroit i read the reader reviews . the reviews were so mixed that i decided against buying the book and checked it out of the library instead . as it turns out i made the best decision . all i can say is ` thank you fellow reviewers ' ; this book was definitely not worth the purchase price . my statement has nothing to do with the author 's writing skills , he is a skilled writer . it has everything to do with his lack of insight . that paul clemens could live in a city and have such a skewed view of it is downright scary . i read the book , waiting for paul to have a revelation that would help him put the pieces of his life together and make peace with them . but after 241 pages he was no more enlightened than he was on page one . blacks are caricatures whose sole role in life is to make paul 's life hard . women are peripheral characters who are barely given a voice . he finds a way to put down and demean everyone who is not a white male in his book . if you are a white male who harbors secret racist feelings you will enjoy this book and it will validate your feelings . if you are anyone else your reaction will no doubt range from mild boredom to outrage . as i read this book i felt sadness , a profound sense of dismay and had some of my worse fears confirmed . ( there are white folks who actually still think like this . ) my hope is that the light comes on for paul , he is still young . if it does maybe he will share his insights with us .
after reading the first book * ( which was catastropha ) and reading the second which was really good , i thought that the series is taking off , i was mistaken , the third book is slow , and boring , you can see very well that stephan king has no idea what so ever where he is going to take that series  nothing much is happening , and while the second book introduce some interesting ideas , the third book just go to the ordinary adventure that you can find ( and better written as well ) in dragon lance series , or other adventure books , also many ideas that were in this book already appear in many king books ,  reading reviews of manuy users on the fourth book , which some say is very boring i guess this is where the adventure end for me. .
this book reads like the blog of some angry person who ignores evidence to the contrary and embraces anything that agrees with him . it was very hard to take seriously
since god is infinite goodness , we must conclude that the appearance of reckless divine cruelty is a delusion . when we are comfortable , we are too shallow-minded to realize that we need god . since god knows that he is the only thing that we really need , he inflicts pain upon us to wake us up to this fact . so pain is god 's megaphone . if some people , such as the jews , try to love god without going through christ , it is not yet god - merely the best approximation their fantasy can attain . hence poor god is forced to keep screeching at them through his megaphone . but even people who try their hardest to love the true god , such as job , or c. s. lewis for that matter , can not adore god as much as he wants to be adored , so he uses pain over and over again to " plant the flag of truth within their rebellious souls . "  where does this notion of an infinitely good god come from ? given mankind 's painful existence , " an inference from the course of events in this world to the goodness and wisdom of the creator would be preposterous . " god had to reveal himself to mankind by revelation ; thus it is in the likes of abraham and moses , who identified god as righteous , that all peoples are blessed . lewis informs us that god expostulated with his own creatures on the basis of their own ethical conceptions - " what iniquity have your fathers found in me , that they are gone far from me ? " one has to wonder if lewis has ever actually read the bible . can anyone really deny that if a leader of today did exactly the sorts of things that abraham and moses did that they would be decried by all of sane mankind as monsters ? i have never understood why , or how , i am supposed to pretend that this is not true . of course , god is wiser than me , so if i could only see it from god 's viewpoint , i would see that the butchery of whole populations , including babies and animals , was actually an act of love . in mere christianity lewis condemns this line of reasoning in eastern religions as " damn nonsense . " undoubtedly , we get the impression of a just and loving god through the teachings of christ , but the conviction that god is infinite goodness , omniscience , and omnipotence did not come from biblical revelation ; it was developed by medieval christian philosophers by reasoning through extrapolation -- a process that lewis , rather inexplicably , deems impossible . lewis 's insistence that people have free will needs to be examined . even as he describes it , since we are born in sin , we can not use free will to avoid sin , and most people are blind to their sin . hence , it logically follows that there can be no free will without the ability of self-perception . the evidence suggests that incessant pain , especially when inflicted upon children , destroys this ability . abused children typically grow up to be abusers . in my own case , i adamantly insist it was the drug , marijuana , which first gave me introspective ability , at the age of 23 . prior to that moment , god knows that i had no free will . free will is not a realized trait that we are born with , but a potential ability that requires a great deal of effort to develop . in most people it remains largely dormant . since free will is dependent on self-knowledge , the role of religion needs to be the development of introspective ability . dogmatic adherence can only hinder this . lewis is at least honest enough to acknowledge evolution . unfortunately , it is hardly possible to reconcile the notion of evolution of man from animals with his fairy-tale notion that animals only exist by destroying each other because they were corrupted by satan before man 's appearance on earth . somehow , the perfectly good " paradisal man " descended from animals already corrupted by satan . lewis can be abominably silly sometimes . lewis is given to disjunctive , either/or , logic . either the common human experience of supernatural awe is a mere twist in the mind with no biological purpose , or it is direct experience of the supernatural - a revelation . i would once have scoffed at this , but a numinous vision of christ was the major turning point of my life . the problem is that this revelation was not at all consistent with mere christianity . according to lewis , the purpose of pain is to break our will , since it is our tarnished wills that keep us from god . i had only recently come to realize that i had not had free will until my sense of self was awakened by an illegal drug . i experienced christ in the very moment that i was cursing christ for demanding that i beg forgiveness for that which he was responsible . albeit , at the time i was an atheist , and was only cursing at what i had been taught about christ . i experienced christ as the core of my being , not as an entity completely separate from myself , and as an awakening of will , not a surrender . lewis assures me that the feeling of being one with god , rather than a creature of god , is satan 's ultimate deception . but i have also experienced satan within myself . if christ were not the core of my being , i would never have survived satan . i know the difference . i do not acknowledge that christianity has the authority tell me what my experience of god must be . i am a scientist by training , not given to superstitious credulity , however much like it what i have written above must sound . in my attempt to make sense of my experience of christ and satan battling within my mind , i have come up with the following myth : it is , at least , not completely unreasonable to assume that consciousness is an inherent quality of existence . this consciousness would first be in a primordial state , probably in some way responsible for evolution , though not by anything like intelligent design by direct control . there could be no distinction between good and evil ; in fact the terms could have no meaning , until consciousness evolved to a complexity capable of self-awareness . as self-awareness developed , so did awareness of pain and terror , and a rebellion against achieving a level of awareness capable of experiencing pain . the human mind , as the vessel of consciousness experiences these antagonistic trends and , for whatever reason , tends to personify them as god and satan , or their various cultural equivalents . what makes the christian god so detestable is his complete refusal to accept responsibility for anything . satan can therefore be described as " god 's self-ignorance . " buddhists are apparently able to put themselves into the conscious state of inanimate matter , hence there insistence that good and evil are identical . c. s. lewis tells us that " it is not god 's purpose that we should go back into that old identity . " i think i agree with him on this point . mankind 's goal must be to attain free will be becoming conscious of what we really are . ( peter payne , author of captain california : a young man 's encounter with the evil within himself )
i 've enjoyed johansen 's books for years , but this one was awful...i 'm beginning to wonder if she 's using a ghost writer . totally ridiculous plot , trite dialogue...i lost count of the times she used the phrase " sophie said through her teeth... " i was beginning to wish someone was pulling my teeth rather than having to read this book . johansen is capable of so much better than this ! i 'm praying she is n't falling into the nora roberts/danielle steel/james patterson habit of churning out the same old tired fodder just to meet a publisher 's deadline
i am a chef and an avid collector of cookbooks . i find the recipes of this book to be mediocre at best , terribly organized and lengthy . i am not interested in lawson 's endless anecdotes , rather , i would prefer her stories to be replaces by pictures ( an essential for cooking books , in my opinion ) , of which there are none . i was disappointed , and would not recommend this book to anyone . for basic , great recipes , i would suggest any of ina garten 's books . her recipes are no-fail and the books are well done .
this is truly a disappointing book . it starts incredibly slowly and i found it very hard to become interested in the plot . another disappointment is koontz 's recycling of elements from other novels : ( 1 ) plucky , highly intelligent disabled girl ( the young female protagonist in " the hideaway " had almost identical deformities and personality ) , ( 2 ) devoted , super-powered canine companions , ( 3 ) bad guys driving around in ultra pimped-out rvs , and ( 4 ) evil bioethicists . the leilani character is patently ridiculous . she conveniently has a genius iq , but that does not make the absurdly adult manner in which she speaks any more believable . i found it so disconcerting as to detract from the plot . koontz clearly has trouble writing for children , and this book is no exception . almost all the children featured in his books are either autistic/mr or genius wunderkinds ; the latter , however , does not justify his habit of making smart children talk like genius adults . dean heaps the hardships on poor leilani , with all the subtlety of an episode of walker , texas ranger . in case you miss the anvils , you are supposed to really , really like her and fear for her safety . i do n't know how or where dean koontz learned about bioethics , but he has a terribly misguided view of the field , taking an extreme sect of it to represent the main viewpoint of the field . further , he states multiple times that these eugenic bioethics principles are being taught to medical students at major universities ( who will have to pay for their involvement with evil bioethics ) -- as a medical student , i can assure you that this is patently untrue . that koontz could be so off-base on a topic that directly relates to the central motive is disconcerting and makes an already weak book even harder to swallow . the final issue is koontz 's near-deification of dogs , particularly golden retrievers , which is a common motif in his more recent works . it is ridiculous and unintentionally funny to an almost painful degree . his obsession with dogs and their mystical powers borders on the psychotic ( and i like dogs ) . this novel probably features the most egregious example of koontz 's tendency to create overly sappy , sugary-sweet endings . dean koontz has written many books better than this one . spend your money on one of his stronger efforts
sometime ago i read my sunday paper and noted that " three junes " was listed as a popular book choice . the title sounded interesting so i bought it . that was 2 months ago and i am still trying to get through the paperback edition . it is difficult to follow the timeline , to understand the characters and where they fit , and to get involved in the storyline . i will finish the book because that 's my style . it has not been a book that i could not wait to get back to .
as an admirer of theodore roosevelt , i was very disappointed in mr. brands ' book . it appeared to me that mr. brands ' intent was to analyze the life of this great man strictly from his critic 's point of view . while any good biography worth its salt should present a balanced view of the man , mr. brands appears to go out of his way to find fault in almost all of tr 's actions . tr was by no means a perfect man , however , history has proven him to be one of our greatest presidents . one gets the sense after reading this dreadfully long and depressing account of tr that mr. brands'truly disliked his subject
i 'll be the first to admit that i 'm biased based on my expectations from shaara 's father 's great book , the killer angels . it is not fair to compare the two , but because reading the father 's book lead me to buy this one , i thought i should mention it . this book does not contain nearly the details and intimancies of the father 's book . it is not surprising since this one covers a much longer time frame than the battle of gettysburg , so shaara has less pages to devote to each person and battle . but the result is a less satisfying book . it skims rather than digs deep
when i started reading this book , i was hopeful that it would be an insightful commentary on the ridiculous nature of politically-correct word choice . unfortunately , i did not find it to be particularly clever or funny . on some level , it seems like the pc craze has subsided since the mid-90 's when the book was written , and it just does n't read as the brilliant critique that i expected . we 've now heard so many silly descriptions followed by the suffix " challenged " that it just is n't funny anymore . i suppose that this book worked much better when it was written , but it has n't aged well over the ten years since
the chief problem with this book is that the writer incorporates the french perspective by using citations in french with no translations . i took 2 years of high school french but i 'm not that good ! this could be overlooked except that , for obvious reasons , i was very interested to hear the perspective of french writing on this lopsided defeat . the experience was like someone telling a long joke and them mumbling the awaited punchline , or someone tearing out the last page of a riveting mystery novel . i simply ca n't believe key citations were n't translated . otherwise the study of henry v was great , and i would like to hear more about him ( except since he died young i probably heard it all already . ) the treatment of the battle was superficial , but perhaps given the lack of material this could be understood , but more could be done
i must admit i was skeptical when i first opened this book based on previous knowledge i had of mpd . this book made me that much more skeptical . in most cases of mpd or did as it is now more commonly referred to the problem arises through the suggestive power of the therapist . this case is different though . on page 67 of the paperback copy i got , ms chase describes stanley ( her name for phillips ) as wondering how it is that the personalities could seemingly communicate with each other while at the same time not being aware of each other . her answer that she or as she claims her " troops " give is that it is through the use of " thought transference " which was known to the ancient greeks as she tells us later on . i almost burst out laughing when i read that . she also contradicts her claim that the alters do n't know of each other later when she has one of them discussing the alters rabbit and sister mary catherine at the same time . another way this happens is how they often refer to themselves as 'we' . many of the alters sound as though they came from books or movies . the abuse that she claims occurred while living with her stepfather is rather graphic . her claims really belong in the same realm as those who claim past life memories , ufo sightings , satanic ritual abuse , and second sight . i think she is not credible in the least . there is not one fact given to support her claims of past abuse and it would be interesting for someone to write a book looking into her claims to see if there is anything that would substantiate them . she does let us know in the book that she is very creative , artistic , intelligent , and apparently well read . i think this has a lot to do with her claims of multiple personalities . the book itself is long , boring , anti-climatic even with the final confrontation with the stepfather which occurs at the end . she also seems to be claiming in the book some pscyhic abilities . do n't waste your money on this book , unless you have to read it for a class as i did .
this book just rambles on and on and never seems to end . i do n't think i have ever been so disappointed in a book . since i started to read it , i feel like i have to finish it . i am just praying for that day to come soon . i have to skip over entire paragraphs just to get through a chapter . it is overwhelming proof that hippies should never write books
this book blew my ballz . it was possibly the worst book i have ever read in my entire life . although i am usually sleepless in seattle , i found myself falling asleep each time i tried to read it . i advise no one to ever read this godforsaken book
i was there , as were several of my fellow sitka fire department emt 's and state troopers from the sitka academy . the 6 of us , along with two parajumpers from the canadian armed services were flown through the typhoon winds , on a helicopter , out to the williamsburgh where we spent the next 33 hours attending to the rescued passengers - literally giving them the clothes off our backs and keeping them calmed . we knew there was a doctor onboard , from anchorage , but we literally never met or saw him - i 'm sure he did good work in the little clinic he had set up - but that is where he stayed . the real story was out in the rest of the ship that weekend . but i was disappointed to see that mr. jeffers failed to fully research this book - the role the sitka rescue teams played ( both on the williamsburgh and trying to assess/fight the fire on the prinsendam ) was totally overlooked - despite the fact that there is a lot of documentation available that tells our story - which was the human side & had some quite amusing moments in the face of this event . i was so looking forward to this book and then to find out he left a large part of the story out , was very sad . at least we all have our commendations from both the coast guard commendant and the canadian armed services - they knew we were there ! too bad mr. jeffers did n't due diligence .
tropic of cancer by henry miller . not recommended . in his 1960 introduction to tropic of cancer , karl shapiro said , " i call henry miller the greatest living author because i think he is , " " . . . as a spiritual example he stands among the great men of our age , " and " . . . he [ orwell ] predicts that miller will set the pace and attitude for the novelist of the future . this has not happened yet , but i agree that it must . " shapiro does not support any of these points in his essay , and nothing about tropic of cancer supports them , either . tropic of cancer consists of 318 pages recounting miller 's experience as an american expatriate in paris and expounding his personal philosophy , often in ways that are rambling and painfully nonsensical . miller 's stories about his friends are tedious , pointless , and catty ; like miller , they seem to have been talentless hacks whose belief in their own artistic abilities makes them artists and writers , as though believing is being . miller writes , " a year ago , six months ago , i thought i was an artist . i no longer think about it , i am " --which is the type of arrogant pretentiousness he mocks in virtually all of his acquaintances . when they are not creating , or talking about philosophy or creating , miller and his circle seem to spend nearly every moment picking up women ( and disease ) . they rarely use a neutral term such as " woman " when there are so many obscene , demeaning words with which to objectify the gender . the women that miller and friends find are invariably portrayed as stupid , drunken , irrational , loose , sly , deceptive , and good primarily for one function , which miller turns into a squalid , cold , joyless act . in spite of all the vice and the " living , " no one seems to be having fun , and some characters , notably fillmore , find themselves nearly trapped into the bourgeoisie life . miller expresses contempt for the machine , the industrial age , and money--although he schemes to keep 2,800 francs from fillmore 's mistress and revels in having so much in his pocket . often hungry , miller obsesses about food and relies on his friends to support him . when he describes his indian friend kepi as " . . . a scrounger , a sort of human tick who fastens himself to the hide of even the poorest compatriot , " he could be talking about himself as he bitterly complains about those of his friends who are stingy with money , accommodations , food , and wine . miller 's logic about the working world is facile ; he writes , " if you want bread , you 've got to get in harness , get in lockstep . " on the surface , this is true , but it never seems to occur to him that , if you want bread , someone must cultivate , raise , and harvest the wheat and produce the other components ; someone must transform these components into bread ; and someone must deliver it to the shops and cafes . in other words , if most people were n't in " lock step , " miller could choose to starve or set himself to produce bread , joining the world in harness . he makes his choice clear , then whines about it . he may despise those who support him , whether they are friends or workers , but that is perhaps because he , a misanthrope who finds fault with everyone but himself , needs the very people he denigrates ( including " the grocer , the baker , the shoemaker , the butcher , etc.--all imbecilic-looking clodhoppers " ) , a reliance which he resents . he hates the machine and the machine mind , but offers no alternatives . seemingly incapable of sincere feeling , miller finds human emotion amusing . when a friend says , " a boy can break your heart . . . he 's so damned beautiful ! and so cruel ! " miller writes , " we had to laugh at this . it sounded preposterous . but collins was in earnest . " when an acquaintance to whom he owes money dies , he writes , " at any rate , he was killed in an automobile accident shortly after my arrival , a circumstance which left me twenty-three francs to the good . "  shapiro claims that miller is a poet , but his attempts at poetic and philosophic ramblings often make little if any sense . speaking of buildings and statues , miller says , " . . . they must be saturated with my anguish , " the kind of bad metaphor in which he frequently indulges . he describes artists such as himself as the " inhuman ones . " " i am inhuman ! i say it with a mad , hallucinated grin , and i will keep on saying it though it rain crocodiles . behind my words are all those grinning , leering , skulking skulls , some dead and grinning a long time , some grinning as if they had lockjaw , some grinning with the grimace of a grin , the foretaste and aftermath of what is always going on . " whenever these attempts at poetic philosophy appeared , rambling on for pages , i found myself yearning for a return to his insipid stories about prostitutes , disease , friends , and hunger . tropic of cancer is perhaps the worst book i have ever read ( and i did promise myself that i would read tropic of capricorn ) . shapiro says , " there are not many of these emancipated beings left in our world [ emancipated from what ? --dls ] , these clowns and clairvoyants , celebrants of the soul and of the flesh and of the still-remaining promise of america . " if miller , with his whining , his criticism , his holier-than-everyone attitude , his " art , " his two-dimensional view of people , and his obsession with excrement , is the " greatest " of these souls , may i never meet the least . note : if there were a 0 stars option , tropic of cancer would have earned it
this book was a complete waste . it was boring to read and hard to follow . i finished the book just see how it ended and hoping to clear up the confusion . i never should have read past the first chapter . read pop goes the weasle , or lake house by patterson . just not this book . it is hard to believe it is written by the same author
have you ever done something wrong but justified it so that you would n't feel bad ? have you ever seen someone else do the exact same wrong thing and condemn him ? in this story , the main character seems to believe that even when he does bad things he 's still a " good guy " because " good guys " do n't do bad things . dizzing logic , huh ? throughout the novel , you review his senior year of high school with him . it starts out with the story of how he got the nickname " killer " to why it 's okay for him to take illegal drugs or break a public statue . the flashbacks of the past year are woven within the present day drama of him trying to convince a scared and angry young woman that he did n't rape her . he wo n't let her leave the room until she believes it . the ending is less than satisfactory for me . i would much rather the main character have received retribution and the girl receive justice
jesus , talk about the little girl crying " wolf . " when i picked up this book , i expected to read a truly terrifying tale about how people got sick with a horrifying disease that no one knew/knows how to deal with . what i got instead was a lot of perseverating and a lot of emotional presumption . the book starts out promisingly , even if preston surrenders freely to flowery prose . we 're given the account of charles monet , one of the first documented cases of the ebola virus . from there on , preston gives a description of the virus , what it does , how it does it - the works . then , he moves on to the human component , the cast of characters , so to speak , for the big story . the big story is , alas , not so impressive . it 's a case of an ebola outbreak amongst a shipment of monkeys that everyone thinks is going to cause awful problems to come about , but nothing of the sort happens . basically , people run around in bio-hazard gear , fret a lot , and monkeys die . in between , preston manages to surpass his self-indulgence to talk about other cases of the ebola virus , cases of people being infected , " crashing and bleeding out , " cases that are a lot more interesting than a shipment of monkeys , unless you 're a peta type . the worst thing about the hot zone is just how self-indulgent preston is . he starts to novelize his subjects a few chapters into the book , which is a noble idea , but not when they do n't die at the end . basically , he 's trying to make you care about these people , and all for naught . and by the time that you 're supposed to be truly concerned , you actually want them to die , because you 're tired of hearing about him describe , in active detail , what they eat in the morning , what they do in the afternoon , and how they lie in bed with their spouses at night . when you 're addressing a subject as fascinating as a level 4 virus , why are you spending time talking about nancy jaax 's hands and karate prowess ? moreover , when you 've finally gotten to the monkeys , why are you talking about what kind of monkeys they are and how they dwell in the wild ? does anyone really care ? i wish i could say that this book moved me in ways other than to reverse my peristalsis , but i ca n't . preston 's ornate metaphors that pepper almost every page of this book are tiresome and unnecessary ; he had the chance to write a compact little thriller about an averted crisis of global proportions , but he instead chose to " get into the minds " of his subjects . and what a bore that became . there were only two redeeming aspects of this book : one was the description of the african , human ebola victims , and the other was the description of the virus itself , although , again , both were sabotaged by preston 's inability to write . if you want to know something about ebola , go get an idiot 's guide to dangerous diseases and epidemics . if you 're pining for the namby-pambiness of the human element , read the hot zone . personally , i like to avoid rereading the uncle tom 's cabins of scientific accounting
this book was advertised as though it would be valuable for any professional . this is absolutely not the case . this book covers very , very basic guidelines and does so in an overview type fashion . i would recommend this book for college graduates or those who are employed at entry level jobs and are seeking advancement
as a strong proponent of attachment parenting and a rather radical unschooler , this book was a big disappointment ! ! ! i bought this book after reading the reviews and wish i had n't paid more than $ 1 for it . while the title " the unprocessed child " accurately describes laurie 's upbringing , this book should n't be grouped with other unschooling literature . the author , while cherishing the close bond she has with her daughter , reminds me of the mother in " love you forever " who sneaks across town and climbs into her grown son 's room at night to spend time with him--sweet but a bit creepy . the fact that she admits that she even went to college at the same time as her daughter so she could spend more time with laurie pretty much says it all . the mother clearly has her own issues that i hope she allows herself to work through and heal from now that she 's not spending 24/7 with her only child . we have been unschooling each of our four children since birth --challenging temperments and all--and i feel very privileged to spend so much time with them as they discover how exciting it is to decode and discover the world around them . if you want to read a good book about unschooling without unsupported platitudes and preaching in almost every chapter , i would recommend " homeschooling our children , unschooling ourselves " . those authors offer more balance and eloquence than ms. fitzenreiter .
sheer and utter . this hardly can be called a work of fiction . had this been his first work , i could understand the grammatical mistakes , but this is inexcuseable . the publisher should be fined for this book and the editor fired
this was my first reading of jamaica kincaid . she has a short , concise style , which made me often feel like i was reading poetry . however , i felt that it also had some downsides , like stifling character growth . in lucy , the title character comes to america to be an nanny for a rich couple with four young daughters . lucy watches as their marriage crumbles and tries to avoid turning into her own mother , who for some reason she hates . i wish we knew a bit more about lucy , like why she hated her homeland so much . it was an alright quick read , but had it been longer , i doubted it would have held my attention
hmmm . i 'm struggling to give agatha christie such a low rating . she wrote the kind of mysteries that you could sink your teeth into . not quick reads , but very methodical with lots of character development . i do n't always feel very motivated to get through some of those slow-moving chapters , but i always do it knowing that i will be rewarded with a great ending . christie was great at spinning scenarios designed to shock the reader when the &quot ; who , where and why&quot ; were finally revealed in the end . i was shocked again at the end of this book - not because i did n't know who the killer was , but actually because i already knew who and how . i tried to convince myself for awhile that it had to be someone else because it was just too obvious . very disappointing . christie books i would recommend instead - abc murders , and then there were none and murder of roger ackroyd
dr. northrup provides women with practical information about their bodies , stages of life and medical procedures . however , i was appalled by her bias against western cultural heritage and christianity . her views on those topics were extremely unbalanced , with no acknowledgement of their positive contributions to culture and women . as a catholic whose best teachers were strong-minded , compassionate religious sisters , i felt offended by her slur against nuns . i am aware that not everyone feels the same way about their religious upbringing , but i would expect an academic to strive for some balance in their research .
ive read mixed reviews on this book and though i had to make my own mind up . i first bought the book , 120pages later i realised that i had no clue what was going on , so i bought the audiobook ( 5 hours later i was still thinking what the hell is going on ) . now im stephen kings no1 fan and have loved the majority of his work , the talisman for me was a fantastic bolt on to the dark tower quest . so naturally i thought this would be the same . the book is one of the slowest drawn out books ive ever came accross , not a patch on previous work . i forced myself through the book expecting more , and im sorry to say this one doesnt deliver on any horror , excitment etc , do yourself a favour , get a tin of paint and watch it dry - more happens in that and at a much quicker pace than it does in this book . this book is for die hard fans only... but even diehards will find this a chore
the book is interesting , and well written . it contains little unique or scarcely known or understood information . novice runners might like it and get more from it than experienced runners .
i read this book because my english professor spoke highly of it . i would call it a collection of stupid and hypocritical opinions and ideas . so why did your bridge fall down mr . engineer ? oh , i dropped my structural steel class so i could do a course in another language . i do n't think it 's right to criticize something like a college degree if a person does n't even possess one . actually i think that something like a college degree would be a great start before writing a book like this . it might decrease the chances of writing a book as stupid as this one . this book insulted my intelligence and i would n't even recommend it for a laugh
i have a book of ross ' by the same title , but the cover is different ( remake ? ) but most of my problems with his theology come from his advocation of the " big bang theory " which has numerous scientific problems ( quantized redshifts to name one ) and serious theological implications . if the big bang were true , then there were animals before man . animals that lived and died . the bible says that man 's sin is the reason why we die and suffer . if death was around before sin ( " for the wages of sin is death " ) then what good would jesus ' death on the cross have been
i 'm sorry , but i expect more out of a book . beginning on page one the character development was infantile and the writing sophomoric . after reading beautiful books such as cold mountain and brideshead revisited , to mention just two , i found that this book started off so poorly and was so amateurish that i knew it would be a plot-driven monstrosity that would n't be worth the read . at page four i was fed up with the author 's style and slammed the book shut
i was excited to see the book with recipes for the " 14 super foods " after reading steven pratt 's book , but was very disappointed . yes , the recipes do use the " 14 super foods " , but also use such ingredients as shortening , cheez whiz , and yellow cake mix - hardly healthy ! if you are interested in eating good , healthy meals made with the " 14 super foods " , do n't buy this book
this year , 60 % of college entries will be female . look at this spring 's honor role listings . last year , 78 % of honor role members in my community were female . schools are fails boys - not girls . if you wish to waste your time on a politically correct diatribe that is full of anecdotal and subjective pap , then get this book . if you want to really improve the quality of education , there are thousands of reads better than this
i remember hearing about this book by the great patriot sean hannity sometime in 2001 , then it was a mere idea . from that time on , until august 20th 2002 , i waited for what i thought would be the greatest book of all time . i remember seeing the cover art and hearing about the title : " let freedom ring " with not just a picture of sean hannity on the cover , patriot that he is , but also a flag . i loved it , could n't be more happy . well , the day of the book 's release , i took a day off work ( i 've never missed a day of work before in my life ) , and rushed to get this book . it looked better than i ever imagined . with the flag on the cover and the title of " let freedom ring , " i thought , finally , technology has caught up to our patriotism . i expected a book filled with flags , flags with sound effects . maybe some firework sound effects . boy was i wrong . i opened the book only to the colors black and white . no red . no blue . no stars and stripes . i quickly turned the pages , looking , searching for flags . i found none , no sound effects either , no fireworks . at that point , i went into a 4 year long depression . i nearly committed suicide at several points . it 's only now that i can bring myself to review this man 's book , patriot that he is . i say this so you know what you 're getting yourself into . there are no flags , no stars and stripes , no fireworks , no sound effects . i have since recovered , but only because of old stars and stripes . i went back to teaching last year , not fully recovered , and my colleagues , knowing how much i love america and the stars and stripes , suggested i have my class do a research project : find the most patriotic book ever made . the methodoloy was simple : a book made out of flags with flag pictures would score high , a book that was not made out of a flag or flags and had no pictures of flags would score the lowest . we found some very good books and they did cheer me up . the one that was the most patriotic by far was a book called " president jesus : how jesus wrote the constitution , freed the slaves , and won world war ii . " its published by a small church in texas . i was very proud of my students for finding it . it has brought countless joy to my life . along with the book , made entirely out of a flag , with flag pictures , and written in blue and red ink , you get a giant flag . i 'm not sure of the dimensions , but they had to haul it to my house in a moving truck . i 've draped it over my house and it covers it completely . people even have to crawl under the flag to enter the house . now i often go outside and just gaze at old stars and stripes for hours at a time , smiling .
time was when the words betty crocker actually stood for something good in cookbooks , although the books ' recipes , for better or for worse , were always a product of their times . the very first " betty crocker picture cook book " was published in 1950 ( still available ) , revolutionized how cookbooks were produced , and was an enormous best-seller . the recipes were the result of much thorough testing in the company 's kitchens and in homes across america . this was cooking from scratch with very little reliance on convenience foods in its pages . this gradually changed as betty and her books became more and more of a shill for general mills ' products and her name got plastered on one mix after another to the benefit of the company 's bottom line , but to the detriment of good cooking . the two all-purpose cookbooks that came out in 1961 and 1969 were both loaded with recipes and wonderful tips/helps , although you could see the beginnings of sacrificing quality for convenience--especially in the 1969 edition--but this was still relatively minor in proportion to the majority of the recipes . if you have one of these books , treasure and keep it ; you 'll never see their likes again . the current 10th edition looks good but , like the past several editions , the number of recipes has been drastically reduced . gone are the many variations , which are especially missed in baked goods . it was wonderful having recipes of many cakes that were sized for two people or small families and having different mixing methods to choose from . now way too many recipes are of the " dump and stir " method instead of choosing methods that would insure the best results . also gone is the very friendly , assuring , conversationial voice of yesteryear . yes , there are recipes covering a wider range of ingredients and styles , but they are mostly stripped-down versions . it 's obvious that the folks at betty crocker now seem to think that no one really cooks anymore and ca n't be bothered with proper preparation of dishes , which begs the question of why general mills even bothers to publish these cookbooks anymore . the " better homes and gardens new cookbook " is a better bet for those looking for an all-purpose , everyday guide . it has a better layout , the recipes and ingredients are generally of a higher quality , and there are more recipes and variations than betty crocker 's had in some time . even better , if you care at all about the quality of the food you eat and serve your family , i highly recommend the cookbooks of cooks ' illustrated/america 's test kitchen . their comparable , general-purpose cookbook is called " the america 's test kitchen family cookbook . " the recipes are tested and reworked--dozens of times , if necessary--to be the best their staff can make them and you get precise directions in preparing them . it 's a shame that betty crocker has abdicated her throne and good name , but there 's even better stuff out there now . go for it !
the cover of this book declares that you 'll learn " ten simple truths that lead to an amazing life . " if your idea of an amazing life can be distilled to " eat , drink , and be merry , " then perhaps you 'll see value in the sophomoric platitudes that abound in this book . alfred e. neuman , of mad magazine , with his declaration of " what , me ? worry ? " provides a pithier statement of the philosophy proposed by ms. laroche . if you 're looking for some deeper meaning to life , to success , to accomplishment , you 'd be much better served by reading napoleon hill , anthony robbins , dr . covey , denis waitley , or brian tracey .
most of the information is very " theoritical " and " limited " -- author focus mainly on her own analysis of her mother and her relationship with her . .. . in a nutshell , the message is that a dysfunctional mother 'll pass her emotioanal issues to her daughter ( s ) , and in turn , the daughter ( s ) may pass that onto her offspring ( s ) . .. .
on the one hand , i loved the book , since i am a big fan of thomas paine . however , my particular copy was missing the last 50 pages or so of " the age of reason " . when they get the printing and/or binding problems straightend out and have purged the inventory of the defective books , they should remove this review . at that point , i will eagerly buy a new copy
i was not a huge fan of the first book , but the concept was interesting and some times a series gets better with each book . this may not be the case here . while it is not as forehead smacking dimwitted as the first , it is has it 's moments of unbeleiveablity . how can dexter be so attractive that women throw themselves at him , and such a good pretender of being human that he can be oblivous when women like him ? the only women who was not attracted to him has been his foster sister , and i kind of think it might be only a matter of time . i also dislike how every person who is his foe ends up dead or out of commission . are they going to introduce a new character to be " on to him " every book ? this is not only frustrating but it shows that the author is completely incapable of developing any character or relationship longer than a few pages .
i am agreeing to the comment of " e for effort " on this book . this book describes the author 's attemps to improve his condition and how he suceeded . but he admits in his book that he is not sure which ones actually worked . plus , the author also takes diabetes medications , along with other medicines and supplements . my main concern is what worked for him probably wo n't work for someone reading this book . this book does not really provide a clear picture on what to do . he made so many changes on the medications and supplements , it is hard to say what worked . one can find the general imformation presented in this book on " diet " , " exercise " and " stress management " ( relating to clog arteries & heart diseases ) through the internet . i did n't gain any new information by reading this book . the printing of this book is also done in a very strange way . the text is printed at the center , occupying only the center area with a lot of spaces around , so about half of the page is blank .
i look for books all the time on this topic to see if there any new moves i can pick up to help shape and tone the stomach area which is a problem for most of us . i think if you are just starting out this book will help you understand the positions you need to get into but it 's going to take alot more than 8 minutes to get results and i have been training for years
there is no doubt in my mind that josh harris is a good person , who sincerely wants to help people , particularly young christian women , who are especially affected by the vicissitudes of the modern dating scene . however , he does n't seem to offer much honesty about why this book has been so popular . either he 's guilelessly uninformed or deliberately avoidant : inexcusable in either case , considering how influential this book has become . is it because it offers the best possible advice on how to navigate the most clear and direct path from singleness to marriage ? no . for the vast majority of singles , the approach described in this book will be too rigid and contrived to be workable . few couples have actually gotten together this way . the real reason why this book , with its overwhelmingly female readership , has sold so well comes down to one main reason : there is a severe shortage of single christian men , as documented in campuslifecollegeguide.com male/female ratios , and the barna research group website which estimates the shortfall to be in the millions . christianity today recently identified the gender imbalance as being the issue that " rises to the top " for christian singles . because christians are encouraged to look at circumstances as springing from " god 's plan " for their lives , many of the surplus women faithfully avoid doing the math , but certainly feel the lack of male attention . unfortunately , this often gets boiled down to some kind of " passive christian guy thing " , but it probably has more to do with the complacency that accompanies the abundance of women : which is the defining masculine climate wherever there is a man shortage , whether it 's new york city , post-war russia or your local mega-church . it 's not so much a lack of male leadership , but a lack of males . and so the idea of courtship appeals to the romantic longings of single christian women frustrated by what they perceive to be a lack of initiative taken by single christian men , who they greatly outnumber . since reading christian books about relationships can be as titilating as any romance novel , many of these women will pour over every detail looking for the one piece of advice , the one thing they can change about themselves that will make a difference . which means they stay on the spiritual self-improvement treadmill , fuelling a christian singleness industry with its own slogan " the gift of singleness " that refuses to tell them the truth about the christian man shortage that is the greatest cause of their prolonged singleness ! of course , their lack of contentment ( an innate response that tells you that things do n't add up ) is something they are told to repent , ironically by pundits who themselves will not repent of how they profit from this symbiotic relationship . but as long as these women can be convinced that their discontent is caused not by unnaturally protracted singleness that 's the result of the christian man shortage but their by own spiritual failings , there 'll always be a market for christian self-help books like this one . pure genius ! what 's more , there are " unintended consequences " that can go along with harris ' model for " courtship " that he does n't really address :  1 ) because all masculine initiative taking must be based on a guy 's intention to marry the woman , it makes asking a woman to do anything a big deal to him . this can have several sub-consequences : ( a ) it creates a lot of anxiety for guys in terms of their decision-making and rejection-risk ( getting turned down for a date is bad enough , but imagine having your " potential marriage proposal " crash and burn ! ) ( b ) it fosters prolonged crushes , as stakes get so high with the guy investing all kinds of time and energy in figuring out that this is " the one " , he might not ever do it ( c ) ironically , it can boost up the guy 's expectations in terms of a woman 's looks . because the guy has to have everything worked out in their heads ( that yes , this is the kind of woman i want to marry ) lot of guys end up not bothering to spend time with girls who do n't look like whatever their " wife prototype " might be . guys who date and do n't make a big deal of " a date " are more likely to ask out women they never thought of marrying and possibly end up getting married anyways ( in " how to get a date worth keeping " , henry cloud explains how couples will admit that their spouses were n't really " their type " when they first met ) . 2 ) it keeps people from the humbling reality check that dating provides . serial dating ( as practiced in latin american countries , where a guy will ask out tons of women , get turned down by most of them until he has a " short-list " ) teaches you where you stand with the opposite sex . you ask your way down your " ladder of options " until you find your equal ( likewise for women , in terms of dealing with the facts about who 's asking and who 's not ) . with courtship , a man or woman can nurse an untested prototype of what they want in their heads for years . the idea that it 's better not to have any previous flames to compare them to is false . you 're better off being compared to their last girlfriend/boyfriend ( a real human being with chunky thighs and all ) than with the evangelical angelica jolie/brad pitt that has filled their imaginations since adolescence ! 3 ) it reduces interactive opportunities that promote the acquisition of social skills needed in a romantic context with the opposite sex . it reinforces the pattern of psycho-social-sexual immaturity you commonly see in christian singles circles . 4 ) it 's unfair to the woman to have some guy spring a potential marriage proposal ( which is essentially what courtship is ) on her without any prior notice that the guy ( who 's had a head start on working out his feelings ) is romantically interested . most christian women seem to need some time to progressively get used to the idea of having a date with most of the guys who would realistically ask them , let alone entertain the thought of marriage . 5 ) it also heightens the significance of anything the men do when interacting with the women in their circle , who inevitably end up reading too much into their behavior and expecting too much whenever any nuance of interest gets expressed by a someone they like . kind of like , " he 's a nice , sincere , christian guy and he would n't be spending this kind of time with me if he did n't think of me as marriage material , right ? " ...not always so . if we are to stand back and take a look at it , the whole courtship redux really has n't gotten off the ground : it works for too few people at this time . maybe the world has changed too much , or perhaps there are other issues today 's christian singles face in the mating game that need to be dealt with first : such as the confusion about " the gift of singleness " and the shortage of men . i would recommend debbie maken 's getting serious about getting married : rethinking the gift of singleness for an alternative view of courtship that embraces the ordinariness and universality of marriage , instead of this moldy oldy .
in addition to the errors listed by others , i see missing letters in the middle of words , quote marks that are the wrong style ( backticks instead of curly quotes , done inconsistently ) , inconsistent indentations ... it 's a typesetting nightmare . big disappointment
i found this book embarrassing to read - not because it 's risque , but because it so clearly illustrates how the french & italians got their reputations as great lovers . is this the best that english literature can give us ? this fellow clearly understands little of female anatomy , let alone female sexuality . it 's also mean-spirited . lawrence proves his points by setting up his version of idealized man and even more idealized woman , and then spends most of the book trying to knock down every other character and concept . this is his only real method of proving the superiority of his ideal . he drips way too much contempt . everything outside of sex is dumb , meaningless , ridiculous . attempting to derive enjoyment from the " mental life " makes one ridiculous ; being paralyzed makes one ridiculous ; trying to have sex in any way outside lawrence 's own true and correct way makes one pathetic , or defective , or spiteful ; not being able to enjoy the sort of lovemaking lawrence proposes makes one undeserving of the title of " woman " or " man " ; and so on . looking at italian art is stupid . everything in paris is stupid . constance can apparently tell from a glance that nobody in france knows how to have sex properly . reading the book without his openly contemptuous commentary on what 's " wrong " with everyone except c. and m. , one might easily conclude that constance does n't really seem happier now that she 's sleeping with the gamekeeper , and hilda does seem happier in venice - the author counters this by ridiculing " that kind " of happiness as delusional and druglike . he even seems to imply that her being so pleased with her life is yet more proof that there 's something wrong with her . of course constance is wretched , because she does not have that one thing that , in lawrence 's view , really matters in life - not mellors , but mellors ' equipment . this book does degenerate into phallus-worship , which makes the author 's hostility toward " druglike " pleasures seem sort of ironically comical . hilda is pathetic precisely because she can derive enjoyment from sensual pleasures : from venice , from the feel of the sun , from jazz , from dancing . this seems weird to me - as if lawrence is punishing the uppity woman . hilda is also described as worse than pathetic - she is a " user " , with strong suggestions that she is cold and immoral - because she enjoys that part of dancing which allows her to press up against a strange man , only to walk away when the dance is over . ( this may be why at least one reviewer called the book sexist , since obviously lawrence does n't mind if mellors is callous and behaves as a " user " . )  it 's actually sort of creepy how an author who seems to be claiming that sensuality is good consistently knocks sensual pleasures like the feel of sunshine on one 's body . everything is stupid except sex - and not just any sex , but his notion of real sex . this is where astute readers will have the most trouble . lawrence clearly defines a " real " woman - constance chatterly - by contrasting her with bad examples . a woman who lays there " unfeeling " is clearly an example . such a woman is described in terms suggesting she lacks warmth/decency/heart/womanhood/etc . lawrence does n't even seem to have considered the possibility that maybe what the man is or is n't doing could even be related ; it 's presented quite clearly as a difference between good/desireable women vs. women who are defective not only physically , but in character . on the other hand , a woman with an unfeminine urge to be in control - that is , one who insists on moving herself , rather than sitting passive and letting the man do what he will - is forgivable when michaelis is the male ( because he 's premature , and meant to be pathetic ) , but it turns unforgiveable when it 's women in general and especially mellor 's bertha , who just refused to come when she should out of spite . bertha just had a sick ( ! ) urge to be in control , demonstrating her essentially vicious and pathological nature . the only thing mellors did wrong was to not put her in her place promptly - he " spoilt " her . as for all those touchy-feely things that women so frequently enjoy ? forget it . lawrence suggests that mellors does at least sometimes kiss and touch , but if it happens at all it appears to be mostly incidental , nothing important . a real woman does n't need foreplay . just hop on and go , and if she 's what she ought to be , she 'll feel crashing waves and dark tides sooner or later . these were what i found the most embarrassingly inaccurate - that a woman 's duty is to lie there , not too passive , but not too active , and come when she 's supposed to ( and if she does n't , it 's her own fault ) ; while a man 's job is to climb on top and " perform " . all of this is based on what ought to be a perfectly logical set of assumptions that are , unfortunately , not true . the truth is that a woman 's vagina is not the equal-but-opposite inverse of a male penis ; there 's a thing that both males and females start out with , which in a man becomes the penis , and in the woman becomes ( or remains ) a clitoris . lawrence seems to assume that what a woman feels is similar to what a man feels - but he assigns this feeling to the wrong body part . women have always known about their own bodies ; surely a man so dedicated to the advancement of sexuality could have and should have taken more time to research how women really feel about things , preferably apart from what women think men " want to hear " . this , too , is no doubt why it has been accused of being " sexist " . the author ( or at least mellors ) openly blames women who can not or will not " come to the crisis " when she ought , as if it were entirely of the woman 's doing and had nothing at all to do with the man . it 's also likely that science will eventually prove ( if it has n't already ) that women like constance chatterly are not the norm or 'what a woman ought to be ' emotionally as well as physically . for all that lawrence spends an awful lot of energy ripping apart what he sees as silly , even noxious emotions and desires - such as " intimacy " and " connection " , both of which he has constance openly ridicule - biologists are increasingly finding that not only do men and women tend to have different feelings and expectations when it comes to the sex act , but that there is believed to be an evolutionary advantage in these differences , based on the notion that a man 's biological job is to get his dna out there , while reproduction for a woman involves a heavy emotional and physical commitment . if this is true , it would be the woman who takes such a cavalier and reckless attitude toward sex who is the deviant , not the one who wants to connect emotionally with the future sire of her child . so - while there may or may not be women who feel as constance does , at the same time it 's not so clearly obvious that a woman " should " feel that way , as to justify lawrence 's open belittling of women whose emotional states do n't match masculine emotional detachment and distance . there 's a lot of talk of " tenderness " - in fact , constance keeps mentally accusing everyone in venice of somehow " lacking tenderness " - but quite frankly i am unclear on what exactly is supposed to be so tender . the only thing he values about her is that he quite clearly likes having sex with her , but even there she only stands out particularly because a good sex partner is so difficult to find . i can imagine a woman putting up with - but i can not imagine a woman particularly treasuring - a man who rebuffs her when she wishes to talk , who is rude to her instead of treating her as equal ( remembering she 's a lady ) when she asks him questions , who calls her c--t as if that were her name , and generally treats her as if she were a whore . i could imagine a woman finding this fun if it were a game they jumped into and out of , but this is how their relationship really is ; she spends far too much time begging or wanting to beg him for reassurance - for the things he wo n't say and the questions he wo n't answer - for me to find her undiluted enjoyment in their relationship particularly credible . for what it 's worth , i think life will be better when this book has become obsolete . it is exactly this sort of schlock that had women feeling pressured to fake their sexual responses - at great cost to their marriages , if not their selves . those who agree that heppiness is linked to sexual satisfaction should be in favor of replacing this book with something that deals with sex in a way that reflects female sexuality in an honest and realistic fashion . as for those who just want a good read - i 'd call it a matter of personal taste . obviously some people enjoy this book . ( equally obviously , i did not .
this bool from the evil russian is useless if you already own " naked warrior " .good techniques and informations nevertheless
lets say you were reading a book on the mafia , written by john gotti , or perhaps some lesser-known mobster . and there was nothing but glowing accolades for the mob and it 's activities . furthermore , anyone who opposed the mafia and it 's activities was labeled an " extremist " and in the text , their names were never more than about 4 or 5 words away from words like " ku klux klan , " " racist , " " bigoted , " or " paranoid , " you 'd begin to suspect that the book was a bit biased , would n't you ? " americas uncivil wars " is a book written by mark lytle , a professor at bard college . he documents events in american history , in this book , from the 1950 's to about 1975 . practically every time a genuine conservative individual , or organization is mentioned in this book , it is associated to a racist organization , whenever mr. lytle does n't add his own commentary . for example , on page 22 , he says joseph mccarthy revealed himself as a " mean-spirited slob . " this is a far cry from the mccarthy i know , the mccarthy who wrote the brilliant " americas retreat from victory " for example . and forget about anything good mentioned about the john birch society . page 138 : " most americans ignored the hooded klansmen , the john birchers , and other extremists... " never mind the fact that jbs is not and never was a racist or an extremist organization . but here is their name , sandwiched between the kkk and " extremist . "  it is a typical tactic of the left to associate the opposition with the " stench of racism " as stalin may have put it ( i do n't remember his exact quote ) . but you might ask , what about on page 89 where he refers glowingly to william f. buckley as " the cornerstone of the anti-communist wing of conservatism... ? " keep in mind that this is the same buckley who years later , in lingua franca magazine , confessed that he would be a " mike harrington socialist " or a " communist " if he were college brat today . now on the other hand , try to find anywhere in this book , the words " murderer , " or even " extremist " in front of names like mao tse tung , or che guevara or tom hayden , to name a few . there is a good reason for that , but i will leave it to your imagination , the reason why . in summary , should you decide to read this book , take it with a grain of salt , or better yet some motion-sickness pills because unless you are prone to the same convictions as our professor lytle is , you 're going to need a barf-bag
the most depressing thing about a book like this is not the outrageously inaccurate content , but , based on the high ratings and adulatory comments by other reviewers , that most people actually believe this drivel . how can we possibly form an effective energy policy when the citizenry are not only uninformed but ill-informed ? the answer is that we can not . i will not bother to go through a detailed criticism , not only because it would take an almost book length document to do it , but because , in the highly politicized atmosphere we live in , no one would believe it . today , the " truth " depends much more on one 's political views than on an objective evaluation of the evidence .
the cover claims that the book has been " revised and updated for the digital age , " but winston 's information on technological tools is both superficial and already dated . the term , " pda , " does not even appear in the index
i approached this title with all the expectations fostered by many friends endless promotions . i did my best to like it , to find some secret meaning , some redeeming quality within , to no avail . actually finishing the book was an accomplishment , in my opinion . ultimately i found the book aimless , soulless , and the promoter of everything negative about the human species . i know this sounds harsh , but time after time i felt let down by on the road . no , i do n't " dig " it , dean
i was disapointed when i downloaded it and got 8 pages . as a customer , i expected to have the digital version of the full book and not a summary . i thought that the price difference was due to the absence of paper , printing , handling , shipping , etc . the hardcover version is more than 300 pages ; if you take the price per page of the digital version , the hardcover version should cost then ten times more ! ! ! all the examples are referred to that version and nowhere i was said that i was paying 5 dollars for a completely different product . i honestly believed that i was buying the full book . i will think better before ebuying again.. .
this guide to church growth has gained popularity during the recent trend of mega-church models and numerical prowess in evaluating the current health and future viability of individual churches . many of the theories and models are based on business studies and business growth theories . while the guide may be helpful in identifying strengths and weaknesses in your local congregation , its theories for projecting future growth or your church 's demise are analyzed using european and urban models , and have limited insight into the unique dynamics of the christian church in the varied regions of north america as a whole . most limiting in this perspective is the distinctly spiritual aspect of church growth which results in a gigantic disparity in trying to compare churches and businesses . this is a manual for analyzing and strategizing , for plotting and planning to stock more " seats in the pews , " and makes no significant mention of the actual spiritual journey or genuine troubles and struggles of the very real person searching for belief . the philosophies of this book graphically illustrates why some other christian writers such as eugene peterson , contend that too many pastors view the members of their churches as assets to be managed rather than human souls with questions , concerns , needs and priorities of their own . issues that can not be forgotten in the numbers game of current church growth modalities
i devoured all of this writer 's books when i first discovered them and it had been quite some time since then when i bought this book . i 'm a real sucker for a book with dogs so i dove right in only to become disappointed all too quickly . i did n't remember all the rambling . it is rampant ! at times it was almost like reading a text book for all the 'skimming ' that i did . i ca n't say it was a waste of time but some more editing would be appreciated
i am both astounded and confounded by the reviews here . simply put , this is the single worst novel i have ever read . everything about it--the writing , the characters , the story--is godawful . here follows an absolutely true story . while i was forcing myself to read this drivel , i went out on date . she and i were discussing how much of a book one should read before giving up on it . i was advocating the 25 page litmus , and she insisted on at least fifty . she did several long train commutes a week to and from work , and so read a lot of novels . anyway , i started describing this book . she recognized it immediately , and interrupted me saying , &quot ; the bear went over the mountain ! do n't read another word ! if you think it 's bad now , it only gets worse , if you can believe it ! &quot ; she was right . if you feel the need to find out for yourself , save your money and borrow it from a friend or the library
joseph nye keeps repeating himself : multilateralism by global american charm attack . that is simply a stupid assumption . and it is untrue of american history in foreign relations . nye still owes some answers to european scholars of international relations who criticized his idea . in fact that is no personal multilateral approach. .
i found the book thought-provoking , but there is more to philosophy than provocation . the common underlying argument of this book , and its only valid statement as ethics , is that since the only purpose of ethics is to regulate human behavior , the ethics society adopts should reflect the kind of society we want to live in . this results-oriented approach is all very well , but singer does n't really build upon it through any legitimate philosophical argument . virtually all of singer 's arguments about particular issues rest upon emotional premises that the reader either does or does not accept . if you accept the premise you are likely to find at least some merit in the argument ; if you do n't accept the premise , its impossible to follow along to any useful conclusion . in short , these are not ethical writings but the political writings of someone who is too smart for standard political discourse and not interested in limiting his thoughts to philsophy as a discipline . how useful you find this is up to you . i personally do n't know singer from adam and had not received any prior indoctrination about how groundbreaking he was before i picked up the book ; as a result , i have trouble seeing what people are so excited about
this book is old news and is filled with predictions for 2005 & 2006 - most of which are inacurate . his boom and subsequent bust theories are not materializing - and at this point even if they do will be of much smaller scale than his grand predictions ( dow over 40,000 ) presented in this book
i originally wrote a review of this book in 1999 , titled " this is a racist book disguised as a work of art . " it seems that i did n't explain well enough my objection to styron 's co-opting of the story of a real human being , nat turner , whose story was more accurately depicted in the 1831 book , " the confessions of nat turner , " by t.r . gray . not only did styron steal the title of gray 's book , in which gray recounts his interview with the real nat turner , but the incidents styron invents for the sake of drama reveal his southern-bred racism . unlike his depiction in styron 's book , nat turner was married . styron 's invention of turner 's pivotal and conflicted relationship with a white woman , margaret whitehead , is entirely fictional . so is any self-doubt that turner did the right thing by leading the revolt . in gray 's account , turner did not express regret . there is so much more depth to turner 's life that is either fictionalized beyond recognition or left unexplored in this book . do those facts make a difference in a work of fiction ? yes . the parts styron has unnecessarily fictionalized are key to the story he invented . turner 's fictional relationship with margaret is saturated in the southern myth that black men are obsessed with white women -- lusting for the forbidden fruit , for which they must die . that styron crawls into nat turner 's skin in order to infect him with self-doubt about his mission emasculates turner and diminishes his cause . what offends me most is that nat turner 's life deserves to be explored by a modern author who does not condescend or patronize this african-american hero . instead , we have william styron 's version of turner 's life , taken by many readers as fact . if one prefers racist fiction posing as a legitimate account of a life , then one might enjoy wallowing in this version of " confessions . " but if one prefers reality , i recommend gray 's book as well as other accounts available about the slave revolt at southampton , virginia . styron 's book does not provide significant insights into nat turner , slave revolt or slavery itself . his book clouds the truth with the same kind of reconstruction era distortions that spawned the hideous phenomenon of lynching
i really love amanda quick , but this one just did n't work . we do n't even get to see the hero and heroine meet and spend time together ; the action starts after they 've already spent a week getting to know each other . very disappointing from a romance novel . and i do n't really expect tightly woven mysteries in my romance novels , but the plot in this one defies belief . it 's never explained why the first murder even occurs . the hero 's fear that the murderer will focus on venetia because she 's using the last name " jones " is beyond ludicrous . if that was going to be a major plot point , at least make it an unusual name that would link the hero and heroine together . but jones ? ! all would be forgiven if the romance were compelling , but it was n't in the slightest . i will probably choose to wait for the next one in paperback or at the library
the notion of " interpretive communities " is at best derivative of kuhn 's classical work , the structure of scientific revolutions , and at worst a framework of obstruction employed against those who wish to revivify literary theory and criticism in the wake of postmodern hegemony
like others , i picked this book up after reading several in the no . 1 ladies...series . no comparison . the story is in the first line on page one and the last three pages of the book . i just do n't understand the rest of this book . isabel never even asked the key question to the whole " mystery " until it slapped her in her silly face . the mystery for me is - what is the sunday philosophy club , and what in the world does it have to do with this book ? i 'm sorry i spent the time on this - there are important books to be read
this novel of a 17th century samurai 's odyssey to europe starts as a very straightforward story and rather continues that way , but towards the end , endo does get in a few good points . the style is somewhat pedantic and staid , but easy to read . it 's certainly not a zen classic and the story never really gets off the ground or totally convinces . the historical backdrops are paper thin and obvious cut-and-pastes from history textbooks . i must admit i am somewhat baffled by all the rave reviews here . i can only conclude that a lot of people who do n't really have much experience of japan , think they 've stumbled upon some sort of motherlode of bushido spirit in this conveniantly westernized piece of writing by a japanesese christian . remember , not every japanese woman is a geisha , and not every japanese writer can wield his pen like a samurai 's sword
it took me a year to finally complete this book . and honestly , the only reason i completed it was because i had nothing else on my bookshelf to read . this book dragged on and on to the tiny climax about 5 pages from the end . what a waste of such a beautiful book cover . do not waste a year of your life or a dime of your money
the book had so much promise , but i find it to be disappointing in several ways , alas . the recipes i 've tried have been delicious , and the instructions accompanying those recipes are fairly clear and authoritative , although the discussions and instructions do n't rise to the level of a cooking teaching tool , as would , for example , anything by julia child , marcella hazan , jacques pepin , or any of the king arthur flour baking cookbooks , all of which really teach one new skills while providing wonderful recipes . in this case , i was already pretty experienced at making ice cream before i bought the book . were i a tyro , i do n't think this book would be the best introduction , although of course there is nothing like plunging in and trying . my biggest disappointment , though , is the organization of the book : ice cream recipes are " bundled " with their accompanying cookies , garnishes , and the like ; instead of a group of recipes for chocolate ice cream , for example , we have a group of recipes for ice cream sandwiches , with ice cream of any of several different flavor families . one has to dig around in the index at the back of the book to find , say , recipes for chocolate ice cream . i would much prefer to have an index or table of ice cream recipes , by flavor and page number , right up front -- i do n't want to spend so much time looking for the flavor i want . my next disappointment is that the text is printed in a graphically attractive and most stylish but virtually illegible size and color . my middle-aged eyes struggle desperately to read the book , even with my reading glasses on , and i surely ca n't prop the book 18-20 " back from my utensils , to read as i work without changing position , as i like to do with my cookbooks . this is a case in which the author and editorial team seemed to have chosen ( admittedly very attractive ) style over function . the book is very attractive , and the photographs are lovely -- but i would gladly sacrifice some beauty in favor of being able to read the recipes and discussions more easily . my final disappointment is in the complexity and elaborateness of most of the " dessert packages , " for lack of a better word . making the ice cream or sorbet and its accoutrements is , in most cases , a tremendously labor-intensive exercise . i have opted for using some of the creative and delicious ice cream recipes and figuring out my own much simpler and easier garnishes and accompaniments . i work a demanding job and have a house to run . i love to cook , but ca n't devote as much time to making an ice cream sandwich , for example , as these recipes require . so i use less of the book than i 'd wish . over all , ms. luchetti 's sense of style and taste are impressive , and she seems superbly knowledgeable about frozen desserts . and many of the ice cream recipes are lovely . but i had hoped that this would be a book i would pull from the shelf much more often than i will , in fact , because the book is so difficult to use
this is like teen-love-fiction , and by that i mean it 's like a teenager wrote it , one who uses bad detail , cliche phrases , overused idioms , bad dialogue and poorly crafted plot . meet mr. millionaire who teaches polo to a woman -- and they of course fall in love , slowly , boringly , painfully . then the kids come in and the remainder of the book is like a couple dealing with kids , with no plot development . yuck . she says on the back she 's responding to a call for something like energy and thrills and sexy writing . uh , not in this one . the only sexy scene is on page 138 , and that 's not very good either . the best part of the book is that it proves she really does need to go back and learn the craft of writing because either she never learned it or she forgot what she learned
do n't buy this book if you do not have to for a class . i did . as with most textbooks , it is a ripoff . mankiw got a 1.4 million - million - dollar advance for it . who do you think pays that . what kinds of things does this text teach ? well , it contends that unemployment insurance and labor unions cause unemployment , because people do not want to look for work when they can fall back on the governmnet . this is the biggest load of hooey in the world . i guess when you are a rich , tenured professor it is quaint to see those people lining up who just lost their jobs because business major read your book . and minimum wage ? kills off jobs . mr makniw is now the chairman of the presidents council of economic advisors . what a job he has done . worst jobs record since hoover . of course , if the capitalists honchos had their way , everyone else would be working for $ 2.75 an hour . read this book , but go to the grocery store first . on top of the $ 100-plus you pay for this book , punk down 75 cents for a box of salt . you 're gon na need every grain
you think you are getting something to help assist you in linking yourself with the beyond , but you are in all actuality getting something that reads more like something being explained that the author doesnt really believe instead . i love konstatinos ' other books , but this one left a bad taste in my mouth
dr. freeman 's justly esteemed " lee 's lieutenants " -- a three volume work -- still stands ( despite the discovery of materials unavailable to dr. freeman when he first wrote in the 1930s and 40s ) as the baseline for any study of the army of northern virginia . the cheap attempt by a modern publisher to squeeze a few cents out of the franchise , offered here , throws out two of every three words dr. freeman wrote to allow for a one-volume " abridgement " for those presumably too intimidated by the thought of reading three entire books . the three-volume work , as dr. freeman wrote it , was reprinted fairly recently . if that is no longer available on amazon , any decent sized used book store will have it in stock . whatever you do , avoid this butchered , one volume version like the plague
this is probably one of the hardest books i have ever read--with no background in either philosophy or cybernetics , much of what hayles discusses is just plain incomprehensible . i also found it difficult to accept the idea of humans already being &quot ; post-human.&quot ; if you are interested in deep philosophical writings on technology and the human condition , with links to literature , read this . if you do n't really care about the post-human , skip it
i have to agree with stephen haines . this guy drags in everything but the kitchen sink . he makes boehme a gnostic , the troubadors , the knights templar , william blake , the masons , jung , and finally , any physicist worth his salt . i mean , some of these folks might not have been orthodox in their christian practice , but being heterodox does not make one a gnostic . how did he forget meister eckhart , and sabbatai tzvi ? if he has boehme as a gnostic , then these also are gnostic . he never distinguishes between gnosticism as a group of sects , and gnostic practice , which pervades kabbalah , sufism,etc . this is just not a good book
this book deserves no stars . please stop buying and promoting this rotten book ! this is a book about a rotten , selfish self-centered male who takes everything including the life of the female tree . even at the end when he chops her down to sit on her as an old man , he 's still unsatisifed and has a big scowl on his face ! the female tree gives and gives and gives , and the male ( from boy to old man ) just takes and takes and takes and is never satisified , happy or thankful . what kind of story is that ? this is truly a rotten story . do n't buy it ! do n't give this to your children !
i read the back cover of this book and immediately knew most of what would happen . as soon as i met the character who would turn out to be the driver , i knew the rest of the story . it was extremely easy to figure out and quite disappointing . the story 's decent . the text flows nicely , and the suspension of disbelief is strong , but where did nick 's originality go ? where 's the sweet and innocent charm of the notebook , a walk to remember , and nights in rodanthe ? it seems like he 's run out of steam , or did n't care too much about this one . a decent book to read , but do n't expect anything spectacular as you would with his earlier work
i 'm a long time fan of the anna pigeon mysteries , and have read all the others . unfortunately , " hard truth " does not live up to the quality of ms. barr 's earlier works . it feels very contrived . it also appears to take advantage of stereotypes against religious groups . this book just does not meet the expectations i 've come to expect from the series .
i 've used the lonely planet guides on other trips before , and have always been very pleased , but this one left me with a different taste in my mouth . lp was the only guide we purchased , based on our previous experiences with them , but we had the chance to peruse others in the b&b 's we stayed in throughout our trip . of all of them , i 'd rate the lp as the 2nd best for our interests - as they say , individual experiences may vary ! ireland has become a very expen $ ive tourist destination , so upon reflection , we would have been happier with the rough guide . lp has just tried to hard to cover all levels of expense in one guide , and has ended up short-changing all of them in the process . i hate to say it , but i 'd rather see them do one thing well than 3 things mediocre at best . i 'd still put it above most of the other guidebooks though . our first and foremost gripe is how out of date the price estimates on everything are . i realize it was published two years ago , but we gradually learned to depend on everything costing about 20 % more than lp listed . that 's quite a jump for 2 years , indicating to me either poor fact-checking for the 2003 edition , or some pretty crazy inflation and a need for another update . our second gripe was the local maps . they failed to provide maps for a lot of the smaller cities , and only provided maps of the city-center areas in the larger ones . given the rarity of irish street signage , those maps would have been a god-send for navigation in towns . also , and this may be a function of the 2003 printing , a lot of the towns in ireland are instituting one-way patterns in their city-centers , and lp 's maps rarely identified this . a third , again related gripe is with the existance , or lack thereof , of the various restaurants , b&b 's , shops , etc . listed in the guide . probably 30 % of the restaurants in the guide just are n't there any more . i realize they must have been when it went to print , but that did n't help us any . our last gripe is the rather uneven coverage of large areas of the country . granted , it reflected perfectly the tourist patterns - heavy coverage of larger cities and popular tourist areas along the coasts , pretty awful coverage of less touristed interior areas . unfortunately , we did n't just want to go where all the other tourists go , so this left our noses still further out of joint . overall , i 'd say if you want a guide that covers the sightes well , both lp and rough guide do that . if you want to keep the expenditures down , rough guide does it much better . if you want to go all out , um , there 's probably a third option , but neither of these two will do it well . if you want to be thrifty in some areas and splurge in others , then this guide is the closest you 'll get to filling your schizophrenic needs in one place - although , in that case , i 'd really recommend getting two guides , one for each end of the spectrum . one last piece of advice - buy a heritage card when you get to your first castle/tomb/historic place ! if you plan on visiting more than one or two historic places , its 20e cost will be recouped within days with all the free admissions it will get you for the rest of the trip
this is a childrens book and it is supposed to teach a positive message . it should have been tiltled the " jewish mother " tree or something . so the message was use me and use me and use me some more and after i 'm all used up , use me some more and i will be happy . thats something we want to convey to children
much of this book is very one sided . in particular the sections on the environment are distorted and now known to be incorrect . the book would be much better if they had not shown their bias
ayelet waldman is a graduate of harvard law school , so i assume she 's an intelligent woman and a good lawyer . she should stick to what she knows . the fact that she 's married to a famous author does n't make her a writer . her novel is poorly written , overly sentimental and , to put it bluntly , very dumb . what 's next ? padma lakshmi writing a novel because she 's married to salman rushdie ?
i had read a book about the french and indian war , one about the revolution and also the recent best seller,1776 . i found the war that forged a nation an excellant addition to my understanding of this important period in american history . i would highly recommend it . very readable
there is n't much i can add to previous reviews of civilziation and its discontents . my own reaction ( after 2 cracks at it , one in college , and one post- ) is one of bafflement and boredom . with academic , convoluted language , freud discusses the role of the individual with his neuroses and his conflicts with socialization and civilization . many of his jumbled sociological observations are better recorded by previous thinkers--rousseau , for example . his psychological conclusions have more or less been explored at length in his previous works . therefore , the redeeming value is found , perhaps , in freud 's closing passages , eery portends of europe 's ugly years
unfortunately some audio books are read in monotone-very dull indeed-but in this audio book the reader goes too far in the opposite direction by reading an adult book as if it 's story time and she 's a preschool teacher . my daughters and i loved the main characters in audio books such as bridget jones diary , the nanny diaries , and sammy 's hill because the reader made us sympathize with them . we knew that whatever the characters did they did with sincerity and whatever happened to them could happen to anyone . emily gray , the reader of can you keep a secret , made the main character sound witless and very , very phony . all of the other characters sounded one dimensional . we listen to audio books on our frequent long car trips . although we had nothing else to listen to at the time , we could only standof this book before we had to turn it off . a few weeks later i randomly read a few chapters of can you keep a secret in a bookstore and thought that it was amusing . perhaps emily gray did n't find the book amusing , so she thought that she needed to go " over the top " to add humor . if so , it did n't work . she took a lighthearted , enjoyable book and turned it into the equivalent of listening to nails on a blackboard .
if you look at the march 2004 issue of the international association of bloodstain pattern analysts , you 'll find a very negative review of this book . given that the reviewer ( herbert leon macdonell , the director of laboratory of forensic science bloodstain institute of corning , new york ) and all members of iabpa actively work in the field of forensics , i 'd take their word for it . here 's an excerpt from the review , which can be found on the web at http : //www.iabpa.org/march2004news.pdf  " many fine books have been written on the general subject of forensic science but this is not one of them . it only takes reading the first page for the reader to discover that this book is not going to be a source of accurate forensic information . "  the reviewer goes on to say :  " ...the frightening aspect is that lay persons who purchase such garbage are unaware of how inaccurate the things they are reading really are . it is unfortunate that there are publishers out there who will print a manuscript without having some form of peer review to determine whether there are a few minor errors or is it so bad like this book , that they should trash it .
first , i am a very open-minded person , raised by a hippy/biker family . i really expected to identify with this book . while i appreciate the what ina may 's movement accomplished during its time , i felt like the book was almost a joke--verging more on detailing accounts of an occult community--a community of people living on old school buses in the woods , delivering each other 's babies . the language is terrible---everything is described as " psychedelic , " etc--one woman even referred to her female parts using the big " p " word . while they try to add a personal touch by including individual narrations , it sounds more like a compilation of uneducated people describing their birth stories the way they were pressured to believe---nobody mentions feeling pain during labor . honestly , i feel that the pressure of the community was so intense they would n't have admitted to pain if they could . also , many of the accounts were extremely erotic---couple are encouraged to fondle one another during labor to keep connected and relaxed . in some accounts , a couple would be making out , while a midwife would massage the birthing mother in her " laboring parts " --turning the woman on and keeping her relaxed . not my cup of tea . i had so little respect for the lifestyle and the language of the people that i did n't get much out of the book
i am soooo tired of danielle steel 's books . they have lost all of the originality with which she used to write . every book now has the same story line just different names for the characters . boring ! what happened to the good stuff - thurston house , ghost , kaliedescope ....... . i had stopped reading her books because i have been sick of the same old thing - i borrowed miracle from a friend hoping it would indeed be a miracle and would be original danielle steel -i was completely wrong . i would guess her writing is suffering because she pumps out 2 to 3 books a year . danielle if you are reading this ( and i hope she is ) please give us back something great to read - quality instead of quantity ! until then i wo n't be buying or borrowing any more of her books .
there is no measure how harmful and disastrous this " sermon " has been to all who have read or heard it . the teaching of hell or everlasting damnation ( eternal torment ) is a pagan teaching that has been graphed into the teachings of christianity over 1800 years ago . the first century church never believed in a " hell " . the theory of hell was brought in by converts to christianity from pagan religions of the world . " hell " was embraced by the political/religious leaders of the church because they saw the controlling and " converting " effect of the pagan doctrine and thus it was adopted as " orthodox " centuries after the resurrection of christ . our english translations have all been used to continue this pagan teaching as fact , when it is actually fiction . mostly all english versions except the concordant literal new testament and young 's literal propagate this fallacy . do your homework . go to www dot what-the-hell-is-hell dot com and www dot bible-truths dot com and read up . if you scoff then here is your challenge . do the research from a non-traditional , non-pagan perspective and you might find incredible things to praise god about . other highly recommended books are " the inescapable love of god " by thomas talbott ( isbn : 1581128312 , not on amazon , you must google it ) , " the origin and history of the doctrine of endless punishment " by thomas thayer , " the bible hell " by dr. john wesley hanson . go to the sites given above and finally get a better view of what " hell " is and where it came from . you will find answers to the many questions that arise from searching this out . all those who scoff and stop up your ears and move on , to you i say that the real hell is the one that your doctrine creates in the minds and hearts of all who have been indoctrinated by it and your view of god that it creates . that is hell indeed , and that is the only hell that exists
sometimes i 've enjoyed books by david baldacci ( wish you well and the winner come to mind ) ; others , such as the last man standing did little for me . . . add split second , which i just heard , to that latter list . . . it was a disappointing mystery thriller about two disgraced secret service agents who come together to solve two campaign-trail crimes . . . i cared little about any of the characters , and there were far too many subplots floating around for my taste . . . the ending also did n't do much for me , as it brought too many separate threads together in too quick a fashion . . . lastly , i did not particularly " buy " the man behind the crimes ; he just was n't all that believable .
this book belongs in the fantasy section of the library . let 's start with the question of israel 's borders . do some folks say that these borders ought to be the nile and euphrates rivers ? after all , israel is kind of small . does n't it need , um , a tiny bit more land ? well , israel may need a little more land . but almost nobody is proposing anything like this . i see very few israeli politicians demanding even all of the west bank , let alone all of jordan . and as for the nile to the euphrates , this is pretty much exclusively anti-zionist propaganda . there 's a nice article by daniel pipes in the march , 1994 issue of middle east quarterly that goes into this in some detail , in case anyone cares . yes , we 've seen propaganda before . in the 1930s , some germans claimed that the jews were planning to take over the whole world . now , what do we see in this book ? what we see in this book is chris hedges quoting someone as saying that israel allows state-funded religious schools to preach that jewish rule should extend from the nile to the euphrates . is there any connection between this and truth ? yes , there 's a connection . you see , in the bible ( in deuteronomy ) , moses says at one point that israel 's borders shall run from the river euphrates to the " western sea " ( presumably , the mediterranean , but definitely not the nile ) . of course , someone might want to ask a jewish authority about what the bible says . it turns out that there 's much more detailed material in the book of numbers , and that is what pipes says religious jews are taught is biblical . and that specifies a much smaller israel . in addition , it is quite a leap to go from biblical borders , no matter how large or small , to preaching that jews ought to rule such an area today . hedges is doing us a big disservice here . you may want to check all this for yourselves . in addition , hedges has an exciting description of the battle of khafji ( which took place during desert storm ) . some people who were really there dispute it , however . you may want to check that as well . we also see hedges describe the behavior of israeli soldiers in gaza on june 17 , 2001 . now , remember that these soldiers are trained to obey orders . their superiors know that israel ca n't afford unnecessary violence . the soldiers are there to protect lives , not to hurt or kill others . and in fact , it turns out to be true that in the fighting between jews and arabs , the jews ( as expected ) have rarely been guilty of gratuitous violence . on the other hand , the arabs , who have rather different goals and constraints , have displayed quite a bit of bad behavior . nevertheless , in spite of logic and facts to the contrary , in this book , hedges comes up with the following ( as usual , i encourage you to verify for yourselves what the truth is , and you might want to start by finding out how many people died that day and who they were ) :  " i had seen children shot in other conflicts that i had covered - death squads gunned them down in el salvador and guatemala , mothers with infants were lined up and massacred in algeria , and serb snipers put children in their sights and watched them crumple onto the pavement in sarajevo - but i had never watched soldiers entice children like mice into a trap and murder them for sport . "  well ! what is it about israelis that could lead them to behave in such a surprising manner ? hedges speculates that exposure to all sorts of nasty reading material about the holocaust has perverted these unfortunate young men . well , i 'm perfectly prepared to believe that men and women from all nations have been exposed to all sorts of reading material . but i do n't buy hedges ' absurd conclusion at all . nor do i buy any of what he says about the behavior of the soldiers . and no , i 'm not in denial . if you believe hedges , i think you may be in denial , though ! i 'll stop here . anyone capable of saying what i 've quoted from hedges so far is capable of saying anything . we readers do not need this .
never received the book , so very disappointed at the delivery process and cost i have incurred
the most disappointing thing about the news from paraguay is the beginning , and not precisely because is a bad one , but because in the first chapters of lily tuck national prize awarded novel , there 's a hint that could have been better than it turn out to be . so i confess that for a few pages ( those that engage a reader with a book ) i found charming the decimononic story of ella lynch , a beautiful widow living in paris well beyond her means . that even when ella decided to follow hairy franco -a paraguayan stud- not because his looks , not even for this foolish thing called love , but because he smelled like luxury and power in a faraway land ; i still found it a joyable read , but right when she arrived to her privileged life of " querida " of the most powerful man in paraguay and began to have one baby after another in tumultuous times , the news from paraguay became boring and i began to skip entire paragraphes until i got to a previsible end . based on true facts , the life of a paraguayan dictator and his irish mistress ; tuck , who confessed that she never went and was n't interested in ever going to paraguay ( i think she finally did ) ca n't even get the spanish names right : mauel , instead of manuel , rosaria , instead of rosario ; iez , instead o ins . what 's the deal with the? maybe i lost something in my not so good english , but i still ca n't get why , a so so novel like the news from paraguay , can win a national prize
this is one of the few books so bad that i could n't finish it . there is no explanation of how things work,or in many cases what they really are . i feel like the only motivation for any of the characters was greed , sex , or guilt about greed and sex . do not bother with this book
throughout my read , my head kept shaking with disappointment . if the &quot ; renaissance&quot ; of hard sf relies on stories a full decade , even two decades , old , then the genre 's future is feebly fixated on its past . not to say that some of the stories here are n't wonderful ... emphasis on &quot ; some.&quot ; but dredging dead decades to claim a rebirth of hard sf fails to deliver on the title 's promise . this is more nostalgia than renewal , and you should read a library-borrowed copy if you want to reminisce about great writers past/passing . but do n't drop any real money expecting a glimpse into sci-fi 's future
the book is written about an empire in the future . i 'm not really sure why asimov thought that the future galaxy would be ruled by an emporer , which is a dying system of government , instead of a democratic republic . i know this is nit-picking , but i did n't like this book . apparently , the future can be predicted with a high degree of accuracy using math and statistics . anyone who works as a mathematician or statistician , as i do , knows that it 's difficult to predict what 's going to happen in anyone 's life tomorrow , much less the entire world 500 to 1000 years into the future using statistics . this book is intellectual worship , which is something i ca n't stand . intellectual worship is when people think they are intellecually superior to everyone else , so feel they should rule over everyone else , if only you would listen to them . this idea drips off the page as event after event is predicted by some really smart dude . this smart dude predicted a collapse of civilization and treated it as inevitable . another idea that 's patently absurd- that any event that occurs is inevitable . if this guy was so smart as to predict , with a high degree of accuracy , the downfall of civilization , and the rising of a new one , along with the traumatic events this new civilization would go through , why was n't he smart enough to avert the downfall of the original civilization . surely , with his predictive ability people would listen to him , but he decides to let it crumble for whatever reason . and asimov is a mediocre writer . the story is only moderately interesting because no character really gets developed . i read this book because as a sci-fi fan , i felt obligated
my name is big samad sefiane , i have been writing screenplays and making music since the age of 13 . the only problem with that book which came out in feb. 2004 is very much a like my screenplay i have written and copyrighted before he released his book . i would n't rate a book , singer or songwriter who takes other peoples ideas and mixes it with his work . the book is too much similar to my screenplay entitled hackers . after sept. 11 , 2000 mail slowed down and it took me a year to copyright my screenplay . the screenplay as visible on the internet and also sent to strattford career institute for editing . the similar scripts will be reviewed by an entertainment attorney
while this book put together by the detroit free press has action photos , they are some of the most disappointing pictures i 've ever seen in a book about a team 's season . where are the photos of tiger players actually hitting a baseball ? if you want to see photos of players celebrating and covered in champagne , talking to fans and media and blowing bubbles , then this is the book for you but if you want to see some actual fine baseball action shots from the diamond itself , be prepared to be frustrated . i much preferred the photograhy in the george cantor paperback " out of nowhere " the detroit tigers ' magical 2006 season . i know that this volume covers the play-offs and world series whereas the cantor book does n't , but it 's photo collection is poor , the photos in the cantor book are superb . if you are a tiger fan you may enjoy this book very much , ( the writing and articles are quite good at least ) but my enjoyment was spoilt somewhat by hardly any pictures of tiger players hitting baseballs or fielding grounders etc . very disappointing , worth only 2 stars
edward said , created a proble and made a career of the israel palestine conflict , and conviently died before he could also resolve the death and destruction he brought to the arab palestinians . he was a one man destruction derby under the guise of poetry , linguistics and hate and he helped stir up anti israel and anti jewish hatred on every university he spoke at . hopefully , this " vintage " book will become no longer relevant , ans disappear
can anyone tell me if the book words on the vine has an answer key with it ? thanks . sgra
the only thing this book is good for is getting high with your friends then reading the dialogue aloud . the thought that anyone actually believes or takes the " situations " in this crap serious is so befuddling it 's scary . this is nothing more than propaganda for some strange religious cult . i do n't know about you but if i 'm going to buy a book to help me with my kids it 's going to be by an expert , not some failed fiction writer
i 've read five of the nine " temperance brennan " mysteries that kathy reichs has published , but this is my least favorite . i lost interest about two-thirds through . i felt the villains were not fleshed-out , the murder mystery too complicated and unlikely , the ending too neatly contrived , and the personal/romantic side story too awkward . this one was also too long , by about 50 pages . reading it felt like eating a stew in which there were a multitude of ingredients , yet they did not blend into a successful flavor . the other four of her novels were fine . i love the tv series as well , although " bones " allegedly shows dr. brennan much earlier in her career , with the supporting cast and the job duties and locations totally different than what is found in the books . in the tv series , " dr. brennan " has a steady cast of supporting characters who grabbed my mind and heart very quickly . in the books , her lesser characters all seem...lesser , indeed . better luck next time out , dr. reichs
first off , so much of the copy is devoted to his horrible sense of humor , imagine a junior high school student " acting big " to impress his friends with jokes , that type of annoying bravura humor is simply unrelenting throughout the book . it is filler . the illustrations are sized so big the actual technical content of the book is quite low . just more filler . finally , all the techniques in the book can be found during normal operation of ps , or at worst a few internet searches . i think this book is over-priced and i wish i could return it . caveat emptor
if tess is going to continue to write books like this , she should switch her publisher to harlequin romance , it will give the unsuspecting buyer a " heads up . "  it is not possible to describe the many short falls of this rather long boring novel without giving the romantic subplots away , let just say that the me does no pathology as she is way too busy whining about an unatainable romance and the detective does no detecting as she is totally wrapped up in her parent 's pathetic lives . there is a bit of a mystery bouncing around in the book , but it is hardly worth wading through all those pages . come on tess , you can do better than this
totally disappointing . from the beginning the novel read well , but like a sherlock holmes mystery at the end the person who committed the crimes came out of the blue . i , personally , do not like reading this type of mystery....i want clues . alas , there were none . also , the characters did not make sense.....most were too undeveloped.....mr. patterson needs to go back to the drawing board & try to forget the $ $ $ he is being paid up front by the publisher
i wish i could have back the numerous tedious hours slogging through white noise to the bitter , bitter end . not since jane smiley 's moo has such a dull tome been written aobut , among other things , ameican academia . little happens of note . no one cares about the cardboard characters . someone gets shot in the belly , for no good reason . and yet this is fawnedover as a comic masterpiece by , among others , the new york times . i ahve been told to read white noise before i picked up underworld . have no fear . i 'll undergo root canal without novocain before i try that one on for size . i 've been reading nothing but plumber 's trade journals and german magazines just to try to get the taste of this novel out of my mouth for the past few days . i 'm thinking of getting the definitive curious george collection just so i do n't have to read any words . at least that guy in the big yellow hat knew enough to keep his mouth shut , unlike that noncompoop jack gladney and his boring friends . if people prersist in thinking this is great literature , i suggest giving up reading altogether .
i did n't find the book too bad but it has no ending . did he leave out the last chapter ? i have always liked his books so hopefully he 's got this out of his system
pirsig mistakes mental illness for deep philosophical thought ; he mistakes child abuse for some form of " real " child rearing . i just read his interview in the guardian uk . although it has been years since i have read this book , it still leaves an awful taste in my mouth when i think about it . i have read philosophy from classic to contemporary ; i have lived in japan and practiced zen archery and zen meditation - this book has only incorrect views of western and eastern philosophy yet pirgsig , to this day thinks he has contributed to the philosophical canon . this is proof that pirsig remains deranged . moreover , in the guardian uk interview he still found the time to criticize his son who was brutally murdered ; pirsig then tries to elicit sympathy by mentioning his son 's murder . pirsig is a perfect example of someone with narcisstic personality disorder . pirsig 's son should have sought court protection from his monstrous father and largely absent and/or capitulating mother . if you are one of the poor souls who finds something " deep " in this very large pile of verbal manure then i think therapy would be money well spent
the premise of the store is interesting . how did left tackle become one of the most important positions in football ? the first half of the book does a fair job of walking through the reasons . ( west coast offense , lt , etc . )  unfortunately , at that point lewis runs out of things to write about , so he starts talking about michael oher , an o lineman at ole miss . oher 's story is intersting , but it is too early to tell . he is a " superstar " but only a sophomore . i also think that lewis overdoes how great oher already is . i also do n't really understand what oher 's story really had to do with the original premise of the book . is lewis saying that because left tackles now make millions , oher wants to be one ? i would think that if oher had come around in the 70s people would still have thought of him as a football player . last time i checked lineman were big and strong ( and quick ) in that era too .
i love linda howard books . i always look forward to her releases and this book was a gross disappointment to say the least . i think the characters are not developed well , and the relationship between cal and cate occurred too fast . the story was rushed and i 'm sure linda could have done much better writing on this book .
this is a liberal 's study bible . the study notes show the best 'modern ' scholarship , which doubts moses wrote the first 5 books of the bible . doubts the authorship of most of paul 's epistles . even doubts that the beloved disciple john wrote the gospel of john . believes redactionary interpretive theory is valid . falls right in line with most modern and so called 'higher ' critisim of the bible . avoid this study bible , if you believe the bible is really god 's word from cover to cover
i picked this book up at my public library because i had put it on my reading list a while back when i saw that the president ( ! ) of the united states george bush read it while he was on vacation too . i went to my local cofee place and got a medium regular cofee flavored cofee but in a large cup ( so theres room for plenty of milk which i like and also you only get charged for a medium even though its in a large ) . anyway i am reading this book and it seems okay but then this guy with a laptop bumps into my chair where i have rested my cofee which is not at all my fault because thats why the chair has a little ledge there . so then this guy says he is sorry but that doesnt exactly unspil my cofee if you catch my meaning . and he offers to pay for a new cofee but it doesnt really matter its the principle of the thing . anyway then he leaves and i notice my copy of the book has cofee spilled on it not just my pants as i thought previously . so i 'm not about to read a book with cofee stains all over it so i take it back to the library . now here i have to point out that i had a little incident a couple weeks back with the librarian and long story short they lost a book about a fireman that i returned and made me pay for it but not without a fight . well you better believe that same librarian who yelled at me is watching me now whenever i go in there and she sees that cofee stain right off when i turn the book in . i explain that its still perfectly good and you can still read it and it wasnt even my fault and maybe they should get the $ 8.50 from the cofee house they made the cofee not me . but you can guess how this ended up . i am down another $ 8 dollars and change ( i paid the .50 cents in pennies i got from the place i keep pennies in the car which got me a cross look since i counted them out one by one but it was worth it ) . and i never finished the book since it was ruined . but ! i liked the parts i read " okay " and if the president likes it i guess it gets four stars only i made it two stars because i only read half . maybe i will read the second half later if that librarian retires and then i will come back and give this book it 's missing two stars if it ends well . lesson learned is life is not always fair but you " keep on keepin on " like they say
to say christianity will die is to say that one can see the end of the world . purely craziness . christianity will live as long as the world exists . what is died is the faith for many christians , what has been changed is our faith ( by money , pride , and selfishness ) and consequently , our church and our societies . what dominants many us and european christian churches is a worldly christianity , a christianity affected by the materialism , and world-view . the exact thing that jesus repeatedly condamned . i feel extremely sad when i can see pasters and evangelists earn 6-figure salaries , live in luxury houses , air-travel in business class , or socialize with social elite . i feel extremely sad when i see young theology students without born-again experience and spiritual life become pasters and preasts . jesus have given us great mission : to preach gospel to every corner in the world . but money , pride , and selfishness have consumed the hearts and sole of many christians and today they love the world more than they love jesus . are they still christians ? of course not . to say christianity needs change is purely nonesense . only person see himself greater than jesus would say something like that . what needs to be changed is ourselves , not christianity . because we have embaked a wrong way , following the world and not following jesus .
bill o'reilly has a good reason for his massive paranoia : somewhere , deep in the recesses of his brain , he knows something 's wrong . only he 's got it backwards : the " secular progressives " are doing just fine , but he 's the one with the serious problem . here 's a guy who had to pay millions of bucks to settle a sexual harassment suit ; yet , he 's proclaiming himself the arbiter of the correct , " traditional " point of view . only in an era of the stupid , undereducated and witless would bill o'reilly have a modest role to play . save your money
i am currently subjecting myself to finance curriculum at a quant-heavy , top-5 bschool . this text was recommended for my intro cap markets class ( although the prof didnt exactly use it in the class ) . i often used it to gain understanding of what was taught in class . unfortunately , i found this book to be extremely painful . it was verbose , overly complicated , hard to read , poorly organized & full of jargon . while it is thorough in its coverage of capital markets & instruments , i found it to be nearly impossible to read . esoteric theories & mathematical proofs were introduced with little background , and often without insufficient detail to understand grasp . but the jargon & vocabulary are what made the book so unreadable ... trying to read a chapter in this book would literally consume 4-5 hours of my time . and forget about trying to use this book to do problemsets or assignments . i could go on , but trust me , this book is bad .. . unless you already have a good intro & just want to use this as a reference
very disappointing and boring ! no likeable characters , very uninteresting story . could/would not finish--too many " better " books waiting
i have enjoyed the miss julia books tremendously but this is my least favorite . miss julia is married to sam murdoch . poor guy is sent to find the missing hazel marie in one part and is gone for a good deal of the story . miss julia does not even make a case of those missing hours ! it is as if the author could really care less . there are so many little plots that you feel as if the author had several ideas and just took one and expanded it but left the others to show all the complications in this woman 's life . there are times when miss julia seems to self-centered and the tongue in cheek mood of the other books in this series is really not present here . i found her less likable and also less believable . she has taken in her husband 's mistress ad illegitimate child . now , there is a question about the child 's paternity and she is tolerating the whole thing ! ! ! ! ! perhaps other books in the series would be a better intro for the uninitiated
" col mike martin " raised in iraq , speaks fluent arabic........ . the taliban are pashtoon , they are not arabs , they do n't speak arabic , they do n't even like arabs very much . they are a totaly closed tribal society . i spent a year living and working with the pashtoon in 2005 in helmand province . there are no members of the taliban who are not pashtoon . the other ethnic groups in afghanistan , the tajik and the hazara , are opposed to the taliban . mike martin would not have the correct family , clan and tribal ties and background to carry this off . sorry , but forsythe has dropped the ball on this one .
do n't make the mistake of judging the entire hard case crime series by this lackluster entry . i can imagine the publishers being overjoyed when stephen king agreed to write a novel for them and then cringing when they received this manuscript . the writing is fine , as you 'd expect from king , but there 's nothing remotely hard-boiled or sexy in this novel . ( do n't let the cover fool you ! ) it 's simply the meandering story of an apparent murder that happened years before . there are a couple of interesting hooks , but they certainly do n't lead anywhere . this one 's for stephen king completists only .
pros : 1 . john corey is still a funny , memorable character . cons : 1 . very little suspense . the author 's use of a doomed character 's point of view--switching to third person--to tell the reader all of the hows and whys of the main villain 's dr. evil-esque plan ( " fire the nuke ! " ) . then , after we know everything , we get plopped back into the first-person , investigative head of corey , who does n't yet have the story solved . the result is predicatable and tedious . 2 . the do n't-look-behind-the-curtain ( gratuitous ? ) use of the ted nash character , who makes a brief appearance at the end...despite having died in nightfall...and , uh , the lion 's game . why is ted 's appearance so brief here ? well , he admits to screwing ms. mayfield . naturally , ms. mayfield opens fire and fills ted with bullets . presumably , ted 's dead for good now . 3 . the politics of demille 's novels has been present in other books , but it 's never been this catty . why is the nuke kook a right-winger ? ( hey , why not ? ) i should have known when the jacket cover said the book " will challenge you to question everything you thought you knew about your leaders and your country . " the only thing this book has made me question is how anyone can seriously be more worried about conservatives nuking l.a. and san francisco than the real terrorists out there...the ones who want to slit throats and post the footage on the web . 4 . continuity problems from how the last book , nightfall ended...corey and his wife seem way too disaffected by it all . yep , they are bothered by 9/11 , but they are both working their same jobs , apparently having gotten over the whole sickening coverup ( witnessed via videotape ) that the " accident " of the twa flight 800 was really caused by a missile . there is passing reference to this , but not much . apparently , a guy like corey does n't do much soul searching . he just keeps going to work . in realilty , it 's hard not to notice that demille still does n't know how to deal with the storytelling hole he got himself in with the last book . corey is really all this book has going for it . and , while in his capable hands the world will be saved from kooky nuclear schemes from kooky republicans , he ca n't save this book . i think i 'm done with demille , for better or for worse
clarke 's glaring research error : author of the prophet , kahlil gibran ( 1883-1931 ) , in an article titled " the new frontier " wrote " are you a politician asking what your country can do for you or a zealous one asking what can you do for your country ? " . clarke sure missed this one , as have so many before him . did kennedy just paraphrase , or did he plagarize ? i would have liked to have seen clarke deal with this sticky issue .
i was so excited when i initially bought this book and honestly , when i read it i was disappointed . i thought it was a bit dry and boring to read through , despite the useful tips . although the authors try hard , they really do n't convey the spirit and fun that college life has to offer
while i found this book interesting and informative when it dwelled upon the personalities and contributions of the physicists who discovered and explored the field of quantum mechanics prior to ww2 , i found two problems with the book as it entered the war . first , it spent too much time , at least for me , on the details of minor episodes and players . in this sense , i might have appreciated the treatment had i been a scholar researching the field - but i was n't . hence , i often found the reading dull . second , i found powers ' ultimate thesis - that heisenberg purposefully delayed the german atomic bomb program - unpersuasive . it appeared to me that powers often strained his interpretation of the facts to make them conform to his thesis . for example , when reviewing heisenberg 's " farm hall " statement in august 1945 that two tons of u235 was required to make an atomic bomb , powers suggests that because heisenberg articulated the appropriate lesser amount a week later , and because he purportedly suggested at an earlier date that a bomb could be the size of a football , his " two ton " statement was a purposeful " error . " equally persuasive , if not more , is the simple thought that heisenberg did indeed grossly overestimate what was required , thereby prompting him to tell speer in 1942 that a bomb was impractical . this is not to say that powers is necessarily wrong . i simply believe that based on the facts he presents , the issue remains debatable
this is not what i expected or wanted . the book is written for business senarios with very few suggestions of a personal nature . the description of the book does not indicate that it is mainly for business use
i know h. james is considered one of the " greats " of american literature and i question my taste for hating most of his writing . with few exceptions i think he is a pretentious purveyor of obscurantism . i read wings of the dove many years ago in the days when i would not allow myself to set aside books i did not enjoy . i recently picked up a collection of his short stories and remembered why i disliked him so much . now in my old age i had no pangs of conscience when i happily closed the book before finishing it . if more of the stories had been like daisy miller i would have proceeded further but unfortunately much of the writing reminded me of wings . i am currently seeking relief from henry 's turgid prose by reading hemingway . i 'd trade in a henry for an ernie any day . it 's also difficult to like mr. james ' snobbish , shallow and unsympathetic characters . the more sympathetic ones were obscured by his heavy hand and my impatience with his style .
earlier this year i reviewed what many will see as the companion volume to this book ( " photoshop blending modes cookbook for digital photographers " ) , written by the same author . unfortunately , the newer publication is less useful . it seems to have been written on a pretext that it 's clever to be able to duplicate what traditional artists can do . this seems - from my own personal viewpoint - to be greatly undervaluing the power of photoshop ( and similar software ) . practitioners of digital fine art should ( really , constructively ) be looking to explore what the principles of prior and traditional art can mean within a new domain . plus , the book gets off to a definitely poor start . the second and longer of two introductory sections is titled " the tricks of the trade " . well it would be better if just some of the " tricks " had been explained in full and more accurately . say , how to make a selection in photoshop from the best available precursor ( a black-and-white alpha channel ) . or say again , how to make tonal corrections to the original photograph using a luminance mask . then again , the first ( and shorter ) of the introductory chapters , titled " the artist 's eye " , is just a teaser . this topic - pre-visualizing what can be achieved as an output image when composing the original photographic input - could have benefited from a much more detailed explanation/argument . indeed , it could even merit an expansive concluding chapter ( but the book does n't have one of those at all .... ) . this is , after all , at the very core of what the user could harness to any given artistic objective . additionally , i think that it 's strange that a book such as this simply makes no reference at all to what could be printed from the recipes it contains . some of the finished ( output ) images might look quite intriguing as 3 by 5 inch reproductions in the book - but does the methodology hold up if you 're targeting a 20 by 36 inch output ( say ) on a large format printer ? and what to do if that 's not the case ? finally , and in common with the earlier companion volume , this book suffers from strange and inconsistent layouts of screenshots and text , plus all sorts of technical and editing omissions/errors ( which include , for example , having the wrong screenshot in the wrong recipe - see p.108 )
this book is not worth wasting your money on . the techniques that are represented look ok to the untrained eye , but if you examine them closely , you will notice many mistakes . the techniques are sparse , one per angle . they are also demonstrated with poor posture and attack . to the novice , this book may appear to represent the art of cabales serrada escrima , but it does not . more than half of the book is unrelated to the system of serrada . this book does nothing to show the effectiveness of cabales serrada escrima
the monographs lack any sort of scientific references . a true reference manual should list references so the reader can verify the conclusions made
ultimately the ending was so outrageous that it took away from the rest of the story . i would not recommend it to anyone for that reason . i 've already given my copy away .
i was more than willing to give none dare call it treason a chance , as i found the scale of stormer 's research impressive . however , the fact that none of his predictions concerning a massive communist takeover in america came to pass , coupled with his outspoken admiration for mccarthy and truly insane predictions like this :  " once the takeover comes , you , like millions of others , who believe in god and man 's responsibility for his own actions , can be slaughtered like diseased animals or worked to death in slave labor camps or brothels for the red army . " p. 20  have forced me to conclude that stormer 's thesis was overwhelmingly incorrect . perhaps the most irritating part of the book was his suggestion that the american educative system was hopelessly pro-communist . the fact that none dare call it treason was distributed in american high school classes rather undermines his argument . the sad thing is , because none dare call it treason is so exhaustively researched , it is far too dry to be amusing , even when read ironically . and ironic amusement is the only positive product of propaganda . in closing , i would take communism over john a. stormer 's america any day
if the author 's misuse of the apostrophe in the title is any indication of how they wrote the rest of the book , i would stay away
i recently picked up a copy of mage : the awakening not knowing quite what to expect . since ars magica i 've loved mage . from gurps i quickly switched over to white wolf 's editions of mage : the ascension , finally setting on the revised copy most commonly used on game sites today . mage : the ascension revised was truly a delight , featuring a complexity never seen before in role playing games . a complexity that made working magic truly fun , sure there were flaws , without a good storyteller you could easily abuse the open ended magic system to do absolutely anything you wanted... but it was a good price to pay for flexibility , interesting possibilities and an all around great rp system . is it fair to compare mage : the awakening with mage : the ascension revised ? of course not , the game has to be based on its own merits and flaws . the problem is that this game seems to suffer from a lack of creativity which pervades the rp modern rp market . it also seems to be marketed toward a very specific audience . with the exception of some really interesting rp books ( white wolf 's translation of " engel " from the german , a role playing experience distinct onto itself and wholly creative , and " demon : the fallen " - which was unfortunately a flop and still managed to be creative ) , rp books are typically very bland and all the same . mage : the awakening is no different . unfortunately it tries to blend easy mechanics with simple spells as though past mage books have been too complicated ( which they have n't , unless the new world of darkness market is much younger than they previously were... which is a possibility , or perhaps they are n't interested in realistic depth so much as they are just having quick fun ) . there is absolutely nothing culturally significant about the mage : the awakening game system . if you enjoyed the buddhist , hindu , the various forms of christian , judaic and other religious outlooks being present in your game system , mage : the awakening takes a step back from the pluralism/intellectually stimulating material found in its predecessors and offers a quick , fun system with no lasting appeal . the background story of mage : the awakening is simply terrible . sure reviews constantly pick on atlantis , but for a good reason : there 's simply nothing else to pick on ! the awakening is simply devoid of any depth whatsoever , but what it does do is provide some interesting magic rotes ( spells ) instead . another problem is that there are no antagonists . in previous mage games there were antagonists you could use or not use depending on your game . in awakening they do n't even offer any choices . this game is obviously less popular online and more popular in tabletop settings ( online , where depth is usually called for , mage : the ascension is still used quite frequently ) . some positive qualities about the book are that it has an excellent production value and it provides a concrete game system to play with . provided you had an excellent storyteller present with lots of storyline ideas , you might have a fun tabletop session . but quite frankly aside from the production value i ca n't recommend this book . the largest problem of all is that it simply has nothing distinctive about it... nothing to make it stand out and be worth playing over previous game systems . in an age of simplicity please do yourself a favor and have a little patience and find yourself a good storyteller . go back and read the books that made this one sell like hotcakes - buy the " real " mage books - if you still want to , pick up a copy of the awakening and somehow incorporate it in your game
white wolf wanted to revitalize a mature product line by rewriting it and they had problems with the old system that deserved fixing . they did an excellent job on the core rules and the game mechanics are overall the best they 've ever been . one of the flaws of mage : ascension was that it is dominated by the struggle between the technocracy and the traditions , in a manner that reflected vampire : masquerade 's clan structure and sabbat vs camarilla . one of the flaws of vampire : masquerade was that it had this whole history of " caine as the first vampire and the anti-diluvians as the founders of the clans " , that overshadowed the game . in mage : ascension , mages saw themselves as having evolved over time and that history had been re-written by the technocracy , so who really knew about the past ? in awakening they took exactly what they were trying to jettison from vampire and put it into mage with the creation of atlantis and the exarchs . the societies that replace the traditions are not as interesting . the replacement of avatars with towers does n't make sense to me . the eternal struggle theme remains with the exarchs but seems a lot less important than the struggle over the consensus in ascension . awakening is chock full or rotes . for , mage in a larp , rotes are essential , shifting emphasis to rotes improves the compatibility of table top and live action systems , but detracts from the table top experience where mages can do almost anything . they split the entropy sphere into death and fate , which kind of makes sense , except that death has too much overlap with spirit . i 'm going to use the new mechanics with the old world in my new campaign . the new mage setting does n't inspire me like the old one did . while the new vampire and werewolf settings may catch on , i think the new mage is going to be a flop -- after the core book i do n't expect to purchase any more of the supplements .
i bought this book but should have listened to my gut feeling...look at the picture of the " forever cool " ms mathieson on the cover . she keeps saying get rid of the glasses in the " before " pictures but she should take her own advice . the before pictures of women are so bad that " duh " the after pictures do look better . however the over-all impression is that the book " teaches " you how to dress so you blend in in suberbia , not how to be individually stylish or dress to look like anything except someone with a credit card who went to the local shopping mall and bought whatever was socially acceptable .
this is another offshoot of the commercially successful predecessor . the book traces the history of the knights templar and their supposed transformation into free masons . much of the discussion focuses on free masonry , including its role in the american revolution . i found the factual support lacking and the prose quite uninspired
krakauer is highly confused and i can tell that so are some of these reviewers . he can not give insight into or shed light on something he knows little truth about himself . the church he is talking about is completley separate from the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints . jon krakauer is nothing more than an sadly misinformed and idiotic person trying to enlighten his readers with things he has misinterpreted . books like these are written on every religion with hopes of discouraging the believers and proving to those that do n't believe -that their assumptions were correct
coming from a 16 year old girl that has to read this book for a school project...i would have to say that this book is kind of boring . if your into physics and science and all that jazz then you will most likely enjoy this book . but if you 're going to read it just to read it , then i would suggest you not . i have to admit , that some of the stuff richard feynman says is funny but i found my self skipping pages at a time because of its boringness . do n't get me wrong , i really do admire mr. feynman as a man and he was a great physicist but this book was just ok . sometimes he got into a lot of in-depth physics stuff that i just did n't care for . but sometimes i was interested in what he was saying . have a nice da
elizabeth george , please come back . this book examines in sickening detail the events preceding the murder of our lovely helen . i , for one , do n't care . i get it . we all got it the last time . it 's been a long time since i have abandoned any book after a few chapters , and this book truly deserves to be put down in every sense . do n't buy it
i had read such glowing reviews of this book , and had enjoyed other creamer works so thoroughly that i was suprised how uninspired i was while reading this . perhaps i failed to be dazzled by stengel the man . perhaps i grew tired of the predictable retelling of stengel 's life , season by season , many of which held no remarkable events . baseball in '41 is a much more rewarding book , full of wonderful anecdotes well recounted
i enjoyed the plot and the characters -- it was very funny . but there were too many grammar mistakes in the book , which i found too irritating and distracted from the book . some conversations did not flow logically -- one person would answer herself , which did n't make sense . also , the author switches from 1st person to 3rd person with the character of nickel . and she used 'to ' instead of 'too . ' as a former copy editor and english major , this was very distracting ! but overall , a great book . i plan on getting the next 2
i did n't care for this book at all . i think it is a very well written book , for teachers , but not for a parent who is transracially adopting a child . i was looking for a book on how i would parent an african american child and this book was more of a textbook . i think it is very misleading to have it labeled as a " must read for parents and teachers " and it should be advertised as a book for teachers . i thought " inside their voices " was much more informative about the experiences of a transracially adopted child
why ? because i was expectin something else , but first of all , i did n't expect that you have to open/make a hole in your robosapiens to modify it , so forget it ! i will not damage my robot
i was interested in the plot and characters for about half the book . after that it seemed that little new information was added , or the little that was new came in the midst of much repetition . there were so many different characters , and we had to hear the separate reactions of each of them to bits of news . the structure of the tale reminded me of the way a police procedural might be played out on tv
just bought a rotisserie and was hoping to find how to use it and good recipes . only found about 4 or 5 . i would 've liken to know different types of meat you could cook in it and for how long you cook it for
mailer tells us a lot we do n't want to know about . it 's the gloomy long tale of an egocentric writer 's acceptance of the ups and downs of his metier . he gives his biased opinions on things he knows and things he does n't know about . all the negative aspects of his persona are laid out . still , it must have taken some bravery to lay out some of them . or else he needed the money . truth sells , even if it is a very mediocre unfocused book , and quite un-useful . it should have been titled &quot ; me and my books , some thoughts on me and my writing&quot ;
i 've read some of the other reviews , and i could n't disagree more . this book is not a page-turner . i found myself skipping over whole sections of prose because they were boring and sometimes needless . the story is straighforward . hardly any surprises . hardly any twists or turns . bad guys are always bad guys . good guys are always good guys . there 's no hidden agenda lurking through the story . the blue rose is a natural anomaly . the people who really want it -- the people willing to steal and kill for it -- are conveniently identified as people willing to steal and kill for the blue rose . there 's no " mystery " here really . it 's just a matter of getting to the end of the book
after trying 2 recipes , i thought that i was a pretty bad cook . so , i asked my friend , a very good cook , to try a couple more recipes . she had the same results . disgusting ! ! these recipes must not have been kitchen tested . mine as well just boil some chicken and dump a can of cream of mushroom soup on top . the results would be better . stay away
i held great hopes for this book--duveen has long been of interest to me because of the pivotal role he played in the creation of some of the greatest art collections in this country . however , secrest in her drive to capture the " essence " of the man has so mangled the story of his life and career that reading her work is more chore than delight . to say the book is disorganized is to deal in serious understatement . but worse than that are the inaccuracies , especially when she writes about duveen 's customers . just for starters , apparently she did n't recognize the need to differentiate between john d. rockefeller , jr. and his father ( or maybe she did n't know there has been more than one jdr ! ) . you wo n't learn much from this tome that you do n't know to begin , and getting through it will be a struggle .
the original julie and romeo was delightful . this book was utter nonsense . a great disapointment . finished reading it only to find out if it might get better as you went along . it did n't
after some years in the ic design business ( mostly analog ) i needed to teach a course on asicss . this book was the text specified by my predecessor . i did not like the book , and eventually read the weste and harris book in its 3rd edition . wolf is not nearly as clear , complete and logically organized as weste and harris - no comparison
the book is divided into 52 chapters that repeat basically the same points over and over again . so you have to read through the chapters and try to spot the occasional new idea . it seems strange that a book on productivity makes you waste time gleaning a few good ideas . ( come on , man , if you have 10 pages of good ideas , give them to me in 10 . ) but then again i guess most books in this genre make you do that . sheesh
if your into hendrix enough to want to find out more about electric ladyland , your probably already going to know everything in this book . if you 've read such great hendrix books such as 'electric gypsy ' then you wo n't get much from this book other than information obtained that you 've read before from 'electric gypsy ' coloured in this authors opinion on jimi 's music . the author lays down his opinion that reads like someone either not overly impressed by jimi hendrix , or someone that has trouble laying praise where it 's due . the author makes big calls in this book which fall flat , for example expressing his view on how jimi could of edited and recorded certain songs better in his opinion ( not unlike like alan douglas made true ) or ego trips like footnotes after mentioning 'like a rolling stone ' at monterey can only be outdone by the rare hard to find flamingo club version in 1968 - where does he get that from ? the flamingo club version is near inaudiable for most of the recording with its vocals and the guitar very distorted at the very least and is no way a superior rendition than monterey but the book has many little comments by the author like that which only makes you think , is this guy trying to brag about his hendrix collection ? or does he just have to have a different opinion on everything to try and make his book , which really has nothing new , stand out from the pack ? his opinions would be valid if he did n't try to go against the grain to just go against the grain ! if you 've ever heard or seen jimi at monterey you do n't need to be told how so many people thought he played crap that night - the evidence that this is one of his greatest performances is right there on cd or on the screen as you watch it which just makes bringing up that negative side without balancing it with the many rave reviews he also got seem targeted . why point out the bad things and not mention the good ? if you want to learn the technical side of the recording or the technical side of hendrix , you wo n't learn it from this book . you 'll get the classic hendrix bio for most of it with this authors strange comments , some bad reviews for electric ladyland to show hendrix was human after all i guess and an author bringing up all his 'friends ' and 'visits ' to people that are well documented in knowing jimi . all in all , if you have no opinion on hendrix and read this you probably wo n't think he 's that great and get a distorted opinion on him , if you love hendrix and read this you 'll wonder why this author bothered to write a book about jimi in the first place other than to let us know he has so many friends that knew jimi , was lucky enough to see him play a few times and the funniest of all , could of done some things better in his opinion . two stars because there 's many books out there with much more information about electric ladyland , let alone hendrix , that are n't trying to re-write jimi 's history from one person 's perspective and critique thou it 's cheap and quite funny if you have a big hendrix library anyway .
this is by far one of the least helpful parenting books i have read . i used numerous suggestions in this book and none of them proved to be effective . using my own judgment and keeping calm with a positive attitude toward my toddler proved to be more effective then anything mentioned here . his suggestions for head banging are completely stupid and made my toddler bang her head harder during a tantrum . not recommended
the book starts out captivating then it suddenly shifts to elkinks views of painting , that are strongly bent to the favor of abstractionist . elkinks thoughts on jackson pollocks creative energy is more than i wanted to know . he devots almost an entire chapter to this already to small book , to his idol . how pollock flicks his wrist to get the effect of splated paint just right and pollocks tourched stance over his works as the canvis is lying on the floor.to much ! i do not recommend this little book
this book is bad for beginner and practically useless for a master . there is no comprehensive description of training complexes , footwork drills and other important details , which were completely omitted . it gives just an overview of the system in general , so the reader can have some vague feeling of what giron escrima is
i bought this book thinking that i would learn something new about the cosmetic industry . not only did i not learn anything , i came away from the book wondering just how someone could 've accumulated all of that information without being able to present it in a better way . this book is packed with non-scientific fluff ( using ill-defined terms such as " toxin " and making blanket statements with no evidence such as " scientists involved [ sic ] mechanical science--as i like to call it--do not understand plant science , but scientists , who know plant science , understand both [ grammar and punctuation left exactly as in the book ] . " ) about 60 % of the book is packed with charts and glossaries . and i have to say that this is the worst-edited book i have ever read , with constant typographical errors , misspellings , and apostrophe problems . there just does n't seem to have been a lot of thought put into the actual execution of this book . look , i am certainly this book 's target audience--i shop at whole foods , use organic skin-care products and potions , and work out six times a week . i care about my body and what i put into it . but this book is not a good use of anyone 's time or money , as all of its information can be found quite easily ( and in most cases with better grammar ) on the internet . you 're better off buying _fast food nation_ if you 'd like clear , concise information about what you 're putting into your body
it is now more than a month after i was supposed to receive this book and i have not gotten it yet , what the hell is going on
2 stars for decent writing ( at least a decent translation ) , for an intriguing start , and for the occasional appearance of a melancholy dwarf . that 's pretty much it . negative stars aplenty for the protagonists -- coy and tanger ( i listened to nc on 13 endless tapes , so perhaps am misspelling their names ) . the tortured metaphors they speak , think , and by which they -- and their insipid adventures -- are continually described , bore to tears . aside from an occasional scrape between coy and the aforementioned dwarf or his boss , all of the action in nc clusters at the beginning ( promisingly so , i 'll grant ) and the end ( all wimper , no bang ) of this novel . as a salty seadog once said ( no doubt anticipating this novel ) , " ahoy matey , thar . she blows ! "
the nautical chart could have been a better book if , its author had eliminated about 50 to 100 pages . the story dragged . i read it at night in bed and i kept falling asleep . the book does have its merits . the information regarding navigational instruments and history was interesting and was exciting at times . the ending was good ( the best part of the book ) . the relationship between the coy and tanger had shades of james caine and jim thompson . even so , i would hestitate about recommending this novel .
south by java head features fundamentals i find so promising : a nautical adventure set in southeast asia during world war ii , written by a prominent screenwriter . nonetheless , the story falls flat and i found it just barely compelling enough to finish ; the plot moves slowly , punctuated by one clumsily executed plot twist after another , the descriptions of action are confusing , and the characters mere outlines devoid of development . i hoped this book would be as good as a 1950 's nautical adventure i highly recommend , the wreck of the mary deare , but unfortunately java head is just disappointment . for other se asia world war ii fiction , clavell 's king rat is also a good place to start
i read this book and hated it ; i was sorry i wasted my money... . normally , i would have donated the book ater reading it . but , in this case i was so disappointed , i threw the book away after reading it . i was disappointed with the author for scrubbing the language so clean that the area she set the book in could have been anywhere in the us . i was also disapponted in the oprah book club selection committee . it seemed to me they found a " story " they liked , and that is where their critical thinking ended . it was the only and last oprah book selection i ever bought . after reading it , it was obvious to me that whoever had chosen the book for the oprah club had never been to western pa . i am from western pa as is o'dell and this book lacks local color . she either forgot or choose to ignore that language is also a part of the landscape of a locale . landscape is just not about dysfunctional families , eatnparks and religious statues in the yards.... people in that area of pa say " ai n't , " " slippy , " and " youns . " this would be esp . true for someone like the main character , harley . ( there are people with college degrees from this area who still have " color " in their language . ) o'dell is no faulkner or caufield . i find this lack of " local flavor " with a lot of modern authors . unfortunately , our books are even becoming mcdonaldized . there is nothing special about this book
although interesting , these are designs and concepts that are not practical in the real world . but , if all you want are some pretty pictures. .
this book is not my favourite in the heartland series . it is not even really about heartland , the main part of the book is based in occanumba . also , there are hardly any horses in this book , just maverick ( who is only a minor part ) and a tiny bit of spindleberry and albatross . it is mainly about carey and her mood swings . it is also a bit unrealistic , as amy comes out eith long , involved , emotional speeches that no teenager i know would blab on about ! the way she talks is more like a middle aged psychatrist ! i also think that the most recent books have been targeted at a younger audience . at the start of the series i would class them as 'young adult ' material , but now they are just for kids who like horses . she is supposed to be going out with ty but they never seem to kiss much or do anything romantic . in this book he goes to occanumba with amy and they do n't even get off together once ! even though they are in the forest all alone at one point , with no adults around . all in all this book is ok , but rather boring . nothing much happens , i thought amy might at least have an arguement with joni when she takes over with spindleberry , but no , amy has gone middle-aged and does n't do anything . i would only recommend buying this book if you are a total heartland fan . carey is really annoying at the start and the horses hardly feature at all . i hope the last 2 books in the series are better , because this one was rather pants .
replicant alert ! avoid this book if you have any affection for the movie . except for the last couple of pages , the author has little to offer other than the usual drivel about &quot ; post-modernism&quot ; . you will be much better off buying the director 's cut on dvd , and watching it several times ! this series of books has its exceptions , this is not one of them . unintentionally hilarious in parts , as only the academician can be . pretentious , ponderous cinema-scholar jargon that offers little of value or insight . read sammon 's the making of blade runner instead ! ( nice cover , though.. .
the message meant more to me than to my young children . they didnt understand why the children were being locked in a box . they think playing in cardboard boxes is fun , not a punishment for exercising too much freedom . i could see using the book as a basis for discussion , but i think it may just scare children that they too could be locked up by their parents
the book was specific to one particular model of blackberry . they should have that in the title . it was of no use to me . after five minutes , i set it aside to gather dust .
i got this book thinking it might give me some insight into how coach k motivates his teams , organizes his practice sessions , and instills leadership qualities in his athletes . what i got was a less than thrilling re-hash of some of his best quotes as seen through the eyes of a local news reporter . you 'd have to be a true blue devil fan to like this book . i did n't , so i gave it to one of my co-workers who graduated from duke . he likes it
leaving aside the fact that the author lied through his teeth ( e.g . he never actually studied hwa rang do - he offered the lee brothers some ink and they gave him a faked history ) this stuff is about as inefficient as any stick fighting book i 've ever seen . try marinas ' panandata , mark wiley , the presas brothers , leo giron or ray galang for stick stuff . you 'll be much better off
i really expected more from coetzee , whom i had never read before picking up this book . i saw after finishing the book that it was originally published as separate stories or vignettes , and i 'm not surprised . the title character spends all of her time giving speeches , which is strange for a novel--you think you will get a plot , but you just get lectured to . the writing is good , spare and cogent , but the book does not hang together well enough to be a novel , in my opinion . the best chapter , which is the last , has little or nothing to do with the prior chapters
not the most exciting book out there . but if you like minor league baseball , this book 's worth a quick read .
i was disappointed greatly at the time i opened this book . huge gaps between strings , lots of empty space on pages - all this is for masking the simple fact : this " 200 pages book " contents could be easily printed on 80 pages or even less . and , more , these pages are filled with useless " interviews " ( who wants to read an interview instead of explanations ? ! ) and other empty words . the book is supposed to teach us how to make modules for nwn 2 . but it does n't . see , the chapter about scripts consists of 4 pages - is it really enough for such a great theme ? ( these pages , i mentioned it already , are less than 2 pages... ) . this book is better than nothing . a bit . because some useful information it provides . and that 's all good that could be said about it
i was not expecting this book to be a sunday afternoon photo shoot for reanactors . it lacks reality and substance.i returned this book out of disapointment.seeing the same faces in every picture but in diffrent uniforms takes a lot away from this book . however , the color photos were nice . better luck next time but a a for effort
i 'm a pretty diverse reader , so i decided to give this one a go . it started out somewhat interesting , but then just sort of made me keep saying , " okay...what 's the point here ? " i really like ninah , the main character , but i keep waiting for her to break free from the chains of this commune she lives in . i guess the ending is somewhat a symbol of her doing this , but i closed the book wondering , " why did i read this ? " i grew bored with a lot of the goings on in this community and found many of the " punishments " just ridiculous . i 'm pretty open when it comes to accepting different religions , but this was just way out there for me . ninah 's relationship with her nanna was the neatest one in the book . i 'm glad i 'm finished...now i can move on to something more fulfilling .
i am a long-time admirer of claire mcnab 's writing -- despite the fact i have been disappointed in the direction ( or lack of it ) in which she has taken the carol ashton mystery series . although she is more known in the u.s. for her mystery and espionage books , her novel " under the southern cross " is a bang-up , great romance delivered in her typically spare ( or is it stingy ? ) style . i was excited to see she had written another romance and not a mystery with a 10-second sex scene thrown in . but , when i got to the last line of this book i found myself closing it and thinking that i had once again been suckered by past memories of claire mcnab . this book has a lot of promise to it -- therefore the two stars i gave it -- but it 's promise unfulfilled . there is a long setup of the writer vonny smith pining for the personal attention of her editor , diana . but , why exactly is she in love with diana ? darn if i know . the writing has great humor and spoofs the whole genre of romance novels . but the entire novel is a setup and , in the end , there is no delivery . it 's annoying , frustrating , and feels like a cheat . was n't there an editor to say : " claire , this story needs more ! " or was bella books just intent on cashing in on ms. mcnab 's name ? who knows . but , this is one book i wo n't be rereading . i wish i had n't paid full-price
having a plant nursery for 20 years i can tell you if this book is you only resource be in for a wild ride . he states many places what has cause him the most problems , but no one starts a nursey the same and workable ideas would be better than the work he calls stressful and more important than growing plants . our nursery is the opposite of stressful and has so many happy rewards never mention in this book.........very little help on selling and getting customers also
i was interested in the plot and characters for about half the book . after that it seemed that little new information was added , or the little that was new came in the midst of much repetition . there were so many different characters , and we had to hear the separate reactions of each of them to bits of news . the structure of the tale reminded me of the way a police procedural might be played out on tv
i 'm a huge suz fan ... but i really think she missed the boat on this one . her style has changed since she moved to hardcover & this book just fell flat for me . the secondary storyline or fbi agent jules was much more enjoyable than the lead couple cosmo & jane . did n't like her at all & cosmo lost his " seal-ness " somewhere along the way . not a re-read for me
this book is simply an ego boost for the author . i found absolutely nothing i could use in my own business , but was vaguely impressed with the writers " word of mouth " business . i kept reading , expecting to find the secrets to starting my own word of mouth campaign any minute , only to feel that final book readers frustration in the end . no good ending , no secrets revealed , this book is a waste of time
a book on the theme of having the courage to deepen family ties . that 's a good theme . however , the author ca n't leave well enough alone . he really goes after people without kids as though they all , regardless of their circumstances , remind him of his former self : someone with too much cynicism and cowardice to raise a family even though that 's obviously the " only " way to become a complete person . each chapter introduces a family and a crisis . the people , who range from southern americans to turkish muslims to protestant irish in belfast , are terrific . but the author goes off the deep end on page 47 : " now there are cities full of professional women and men who wholeheartedly echo this feeling [ not wanting children ] . they go around saying things like i 'm too selfish to be a mother , or i 'm not a baby person , or my favorite , i love my life too much to do that to it . a friend of mine calls them the petrified forest - people who would freeze their life in time if they could . 'manhattan 's turning into a petrified forest, ' my friend mocked . i [ bronson ] winced when she said this , because i used to be one of them . when the petrified forest imagines parenthood , their hearts are flooded with the feeling of doors closing , not opening .. . in our society today , parenthood is on trial . "  well , hardly . bronson is making a lot of assumptions about childless people . everyone does n't need to have a baby just because bronson found it a refreshing alternative to preserving his immaturity . i 'm all for individuals pursuing the particular life that makes them happy , but they should never push their specific solution upon the rest of us . in conclusion , read this book if you want to , but be aware of the bias .
i bought this book because ( if i recall correctly ) it was long-listed for last years manbooker prize and also , ( this i recall ) because it had good reviews here on amazon . anyway , i was real disappointed . i quit paying attention after page 100 and quit outright a few pages later . i found the contrasting aspects of the father 's character interesting but after awhile so contrasting they felt way off reality . character of aunt , cousin , priest , mom etc etc also grew gratingly " perfect . " this may be excessive , but after a while i felt like i was reading a bit of sophisticated version of a teen romance novel . the comparisons with god of small things are seriously unflattering to roy 's great book . comparisons with ( the overrated ) memoirs of a geisha or ( also not finished ) one thousand chestnut trees would have been more appropriate
this book deals with some fairly rediculous topics . i 'm not into mysticism or talisman 's or that stuff , so perhaps i am biased . it did provide a useful history of the 'masonic ' symbol on the american one-dollar bill , which i enjoyed . but hieronimus puts forth far too much theory regarding supernatural powers for my taste
why someone would chose these books is beyond me , especially when there are so many other good choices . literature has an impact on people and the only impact i can imagine junie having on others is negative . my daughter 's first grade teacher is reading the stupid smelly school bus to her class right now . wanting to be an involved parent , i borrowed a copy from the friend and read it too . junie is a brat . she thinks like a brat and acts like a brat . our family says , " thanks , but no thanks !
i agree with some of the negative reviews that the junie b. jones books often use language and depict behavior that are less than desirable . my son , who is a pretty sensitive boy , did n't like junie b. jones because he thought she was rude . i would much prefer that my kids read books with kids who , though they may get in trouble from time to time or may make mistakes , are generally nice people . we did love the magic tree house series , both for the adventure and the personalities of jack and annie
i own perhaps 20 books on the bird 's and this is one of the worse . mostly because the material is so poorly organized ; no real attempt is made to sort through the ( admittedly tangled ) move orders/motifs/variations in this opening . also , the author seems to have a 'bad attitude ' even though he plays the opening and has several examples in the book . the section on the leningrad dutch-reversed is better than the others but still lifeless . the entire everyman opening series has deteriorated a great deal the past two years and i 'm about done buying any new ones , especially if they are as bad as bird 's opening .
why is s douglas " scotty " slamming every car sales book on amazon but zig zigler 's ? do you work for ziggy or maybe a friend and pushing this book for him . take a look at all of s. douglas " scotty " reviews concerning car sales . he puts almost everyone of them down but praises zigler 's book . what 's up with that ? and then if you look at reviews from hardluck it makes one wonder if he is selling a competitor 's book on here because he is attacking books written by douglas hensley who is a really good writer . it makes me wonder if ( s. douglas scotty and hardluck ) are the same person or are possibly in cohoots together pushing people away from pretty good books . something stinks here . i wish i had time to play on the web all day and put bogus reviews on people . something stinks in denmark ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
this book does a good job of telling you what your ipaq can do but a very poor job of telling you how to do it . i wanted more information about how to set up my ipaq to connect with the internet . the book told me it could be done and how wonderful it was , but lacked specific information about which screen to go to and how to actually make it work . i later purchased ipaq for dummies . this book told me what the ipaq could do and specifically how to do it . it was great . the dummies book also gave lots of information on programs that are very helpful to add to your ipaq . i was disappointed with ipaq pocket pc but very happy to get my hands on ipaq for dummies !
" up to the minute " . ? ? ? hardly ! ! march 2005 , the publication date , is a loooong time ago in ipod years , if you have one of the new models , video 60 gig for example , you will be sorely dissapointed , it talks about the nano and photo i pod as the " latest edition to the ipod family " , well they are now teenagers and probably due to be retired at any moment , ipod mini anyone ? those things are neolithic now , yet are given too much space in this " up to the minute " book as if they had just been released ! go to borders , look thru their ipod books and find the one with your ipod in it , if you have a brand new one as at may 2006 .
i remove children from abusive parents daily . legally , you can not hit your child with anything but your open hand on any area but your child 's buttocks . if a neighbor , friend , teacher or family member calls child and family services because your child reports to them that you are doing what dr. dobson advocates , your child could be removed from your care .
the book mentions mannatech ( notice the &quot ; manna&quot ; ? ) and its product ambrotose . snake oil , sugar pills ! not backed by scientific studies . all claims are anecdotal , i.e. , are faith-based . mannatech products are peddled to the hopeful , the desperate , the last-chance-for-me 's , and so this is not only doing a disservice to others , but is preying on people 's weakness . the company is set up like other pyradmid-schemed companies , using &quot ; associates&quot ; to pump its sugar pills , costing consumers a lot of money . folks , there is no instant solution in a pill . the associates make claims for cleft lip , down syndrome , obesity , all the terrible things human beings must bear in this world , and offer a pill made up of sugar to combat what is essentially a natural , human state . in new zealand and australia , the govts . are looking into mannatech . beware ! the sugar pill recipe came in an inspiring moment to a scientist when in prayer to god . excuse me , but while i believe in the power of prayer , i do not believe god drops manna-pills from heaven . god expects us to do our work , namely , do n't overeat , live with that cleft lip , get some exercise , eat your vegetables and fruits , read good literature and enjoy the sunlight
it 's no wonder that people look at me strangely when i explain a great love of history to them . it 's books like this that persist in the ruination of history for many a student . if this book were more widely circulated , the need for sleeping pills would be drastically reduced . i have no idea how the author could take something this interesting and make it so boring that i would literally fall asleep reading it
i do n't understand why anyone would publish a book anymore with black and white illustrations . i know this is supposed to be a classic and all that so it 's my own fault for not checking when i read the description . i do n't even know why i 'm keeping it ; i 'll never read it . you have to wade through tons of technical jargon and lengthy chapters that would be much better served by some large color photographs . maybe that makes me shallow , i do n't know , but there are much more 'complete guides ' out there on this topic these days
i was seduced by the sinister cover and the synopsis on the inside cover into thinking this was going to be a chilling account- account my foot ! i gingerly turned the first page and instantly drowned in wave after wave of details . as if the rough draft was a series of scraps stapled together and mailed off to an impatient publishe
the 20 % you need to know : this book is poorly written , and the author would do well to use the 80/20 principle in his writing . the 80 % that will make up the rest of the review : i have never read such boring prose . i 've had the concept fully explained to me . i fully understand what the principle is . i have heard it about 80 times now when 20 would have been enough ( actually , once would have been enough ) . now , what do i do with it ? how do i implement it into my life ? i am now on page 53 and he still has n't gotten around to that part . it seems to me he should have used the theory when writing this book . cut to the chase ! give me the top 20 % of useful information so i can go ahead and use it to increase my productivity and effectiveness by 80 % . instead i get the feeling i 'm wandering around aimlessly in the bottom part of his bar charts among the 80 % of fluff to fill up his book quota . how many stories about economists and computer software do we really need ? i do n't know about you , but i wanted to increase my productivity by using my time better , and reading this book so far has been a complete waste of it
anyone who knows me would tell you i truly enjoy reading . i am an avid reader known to finish an interesting book within hours . it took me two weeks to get past the first seven chapters of this book . the story just could not keep my interest . i felt no real affinity to any of the characters . i have other books by this author and come away with an interst in what would happen next with her lead characters . she writes with real emphasis on how characters interact with each other and usually leaves you wanting more . in the case of this novel i just did n't feel it . her other novels will not leave you dissapointed . ugly ways is not a good example of the ansa 's true talent as a writer . if you have not done so try her other novels . i guarantee you will come away wanting to read more
the subtitle to this review should have been " glaring inconsistencies & outright fantasies " . i 've found a large number of inconsistencies with history that should be obvious to anyone who has read this thing closely . for example , on page 7 coleman says " the club of rome was established in 1968 " , but on page 17 he suggests that the club of rome played " a key role in the cuban missile crisis " and " attempted to sell its 'crisis management'...progam to president kennedy . " unless we 've been misled , the cuban missile crisis happened a full 6 years before this group was founded . what are careful readers to make of such a passage ? either it 's a typo and he means 1958 , or , as i heartily suspect , he does n't have a grasp on his subject . on page 9 coleman suggests henry " kissinger 's role in destabilizing the united states by three wars , the middle east , korea , and vietnam is well known... " however , kissinger , working at harvard from 1948 , had no role in the u.s. government until the 1960 's , working for the kennedy administration . the korean war , as we are all aware , occured in 1950 , and ended long before kissinger had any influence on american foreign policy . if it were true that kissinger had an influence on the united states ' policy in korea , for example , then coleman would be wise to address that issue at this point in his text . however , he only leaves us with the cryptic " is well known " . it is definitely not well known , and coleman is just fooling those readers who think that a book which is difficult to read or which is discussing difficult subjects must be true . these are just a few of the inconsistencies that i could check in a short time that coleman throws out at you . if you 're not a careful reader , you 'll be tricked into accepting some really ridiculous ideas . if you prefer speculation to reason , then by all means gorge yourself in the sickly sweet nectar of " what ifs " . if you 're looking for something based on reality , then , rider , pass by
it would take a book to answer all that is wrong with farrell 's reasoning , but to make a few points :  1 . he implies that female 'circumcision ' is much the same as male circumcision which is astounding but points to his general ignorance . if male circumcision is about teaching males to endure pain ( actually more about male tribal bonding ) then what on earth is a little girl being taught when she has her external genitalia cut away and is left with a tiny hole and a life-time of pain and health problems ? ? it 's for protection ? what , or whose , interests are being protected ? 2 . he does not acknowledge that the shorter male life-span is due to testosterone and all its consequences for males . castration is known to increase the male life-span . why do men even want more testosterone rather than less ? surely illogical ? 3 . the male 'instinct ' to protect females is actually to protect the bodies men need for sex and reproduction . as more than 50 million females have been killed recently in asia simply because they were female should make us question this supposed 'instinct to protect' . and protecting females most often translates into ownership and control . this is a similar logic to that of men in certain cultures that use the pretext of honor to justify the murder of females . why do women need protection form their protectors ? men need to explain their logic here . is it something like the protection criminal gangs provide for people against other criminal gangs ? 4 . powerless men are created by male-male competition for access to young females and again , the sacred testosterone drives this not women . 5 . his views on rape are ridiculous . young human females have permanent sexual signals whether they want sex or not . these external signals do not usually reflect the females internal desires and concerns and this causes the confusion . men are responding to fake signals that females do n't know how to override without becoming invisible altogether . 6 . this book is basically about all the hoops males try and jump through in order to rise in the male hierarchy and ultimately get their dna into numbers of females.the men who fail are the men without power . farrell wants us to feel sorry for them which is as likely as men feeling sorry for , and diverting their monogamous sexual interest and resources towards , unnattractive old women . 7.farrell does not explain the irrationality of men rejecting and being abusive about women who do n't sexually reject most men ( ie the easy women ) at the same time as they complain about the pain of being sexually rejected so often by women . there must be some mysterious male logic to it - perhaps situated in a fantasy world of being the only male who is n't rejected . duplicity is clearly a male trait that farrell failed to mention . 8 . it is a suspect logic that concludes that the people who have been the lawmakers and political leaders for millennia ie males , have actually only been acting in the self-interest of females . for men to have evolved a lack of self-interest is impossible . to argue that they have is farrell 's most ludicrous argument . of course women also have self-interest , intimately tied to that of their children . the very real difference is that because we evolved with a mating system where females moved to male-bonded kin groups to breed males had the advantages of size , kin-bonding , no real reproductive demands of offspring and time and cicumstances that enabled them to be the rule-makers which included the enforcement of ownership and control of females as they were exchanged between groups for breeding . they may have felt varying amounts of power within that system and they may have felt the power of their sex needs as female power but to say that this is actually women having and exercising power is absurdly illogical and contrary to reality . it is another fantasy to add to that of south sea island free sex and mermaids . this book is interesting for debate and as an example of male sexual frustration being blamed on women . ultimately it is about how some men suffer trying to get sexual/reproductive access to females and might help us notice that the 'power ' being defined is reproduction . in a market where the supply of sperm far outstrips the tiny market of eggs it does reduce the value of sperm and create massive competition in males and competition in females for better quality sperm and/or extras that improve the outcome for offspring . embedded in farrell 's books is the manipulative attempt to solve this by encouraging young women to 'put out ' more . it 's the same old male longing for 'free ' sex ie the usual reproductive behavior of male animals where post-copulatory costs are carried by females . in nature male animals experience far less or equal disposability as females when they are monogamous and concentrate more on parenting ie are symmetrical with female reproductive behavior . can we look forward to this in the human male in the near future and solve the whole problem ? can we expect men might consider reducing the supply ie their sex-drive/seeking multiple partners and increasing their childcare . reduce testosterone ? or is that blasphemy ? the new question is what do men want ? the answer is the same as ever - sex . the methods of trying to get it are the same even when put in a new wrapper such as farrell 's ie irrationality , deceit and manipulation . perhaps the real myth is the myth of adult power and we should direct our anger and frustration towards our gametes , hormones , fetuses , infants and children that are the real reason males and females exist , are pulled together and driven apart . at least let 's not create a new myth that the human male somehow managed to evolve a lack of self-interest . how gullible does farrell hope we are
this is book was on the new york best seller 's list because it 's about new york , not because it 's well written or even interesting . you run across a few gems throughout the book , but you have to be patient to get to them . i hate to buy , start and not finish a book... it seems like such as waste . i 'd gladly skip the book if i had to do it over again .
this was expected . a fanatic relativist dismembers absolutist views into little irrelevant pieces . our civilization has been jumping between absolutism/universalism and relativism ever since its decline , with only a few people realizing a third alternative . with this whole book based on a flawed definition , it is a pointless and utterly tedious read
first off , i have not read this book myself , so disreguard this review if you want . i 'm reviewing it because based on the reviews and what i can tell here , and from descriptions from my own mother , i believe this is the book she used in a failed attempt to potty-train me . i am 99 % sure , but she does not remember the title so i ca n't be 100 % sure . my mother described a system where she devoted one day to nothing but potty-training . she got everyone else out of the house , and removed all my toys from eyesight . then she went through a detailed explanation using a potty doll and had me try to explain it back , using the doll . she then showed me what looked like a whole kitchen full of little toys and candy , and told me i would get rewarded for using the potty that day . i remember all that part . after that she said that we went through a process where she had to scold me for accidents and we did nothing but try to go potty all day . i was definately old enough to be doing this , because i actually remember it . ( i am 25 now , so if this book was published in the late 70s or early 80s , i 'm being accurate . ) now , let me tell you the results . i do n't remember how i felt that day , but i do know that it started something that became a huge emotional battle for me . i was a very sensitive child , and i am a very sensitive adult . what mom and i remember was that potty-training became a war in our home- and it took years . because of my sensitivities and my mother 's poor choice in training methods , i began holding my bowel movements . ( i was able urinate in the potty at a normal age , not sure when . ) i would hold bowel movements whenever i had the urge to go , even if she put me back in a diaper . i held for weeks at times , and sometimes this required a lot of pain for me ( obviously ) . when it finally got to the point that i could n't hold it anymore , the bm was so big that i needed physical help to go . sometimes it would get so bad that the opposite result would happen- i 'd have a sudden diarheaa because the muscles were fatigued . this went on for years , and the doctors kept telling mom that i 'd eventually outgrow it . she tried suppositories , oil , fiber , and even started giving me adult doses of laxatives . finally , when i was 5 ( two years into this ) , mom made a tape recording of me screaming while trying to go to the bathroom . a doctor took pity on us and prescribed enemas . i used them on and off for two more years . i was finally fully potty trained- at seven . i am now 25 , and occasionally i still notice some health problems that may be attributable to this . now , obviously there is no way i can fully explain why all that happened , and i certainly can not blame all of that on the book . i was a very sensitive kid , and my mom picked a bad time to do it too ( i had just had a baby brother ) . but i just want to describe the danger of using a insensitive method . and i 'm not just talking about the pain i went through there- if we 're to believe freudian theories about the anal stage of childhood- well , let 's just say i could be his poster child . i am now potty-teaching my own highly sensitive daughter , who will be 3 in a week . we have been working on this ( no specific methods , just lots of sitting on the potty ) for over a year now , and with no results . but i 'm not in a hurry , and thats because she 's not ready , and we need to do this on her timetable , not mine
as i was reading this book , i came across many poems that were far too sexually explicit for my taste , to name a few : " the first , " " early images of heaven " and " full summer . " i found these poems to be highly offensive , and improper for the general audience . had i been warned of the book 's sexually explicit content ahead of time , i would not have read it . i believe that it should be so marked on the cover so potential readers know what they are getting into
i looked at the 2002 printing as well as this 2006 revised printing in order to see what has been updated and all the reviews are identical . why ? which edition are people reviewing ? i think amazon is making a mistake by not alloting reviews properly . i do n't plan to buy this book until i can see the 2006 version and see if it 's worth it myself
we have to do better than this for our children . controlling and turning your kid into the perfect little , well behaved lemming is going to haunt you until you die . this type of abuse never has a good , long term effect on anyone . put the paddles and belts down and talk to your kids . they deserve at least that much .
you can tell i do n't pay attention to wall street journal or new york times . i picked up david sacks ' book from borders ' linguistics stack because of the title . i should have known better . i started the first chapter and did n't have the time or intention to finish it . the book is a collection of charts and stories about the history of alphabetic writing that are to be expected from the title -- in some cases conviniently summarized things in tables and maps -- but lacks , in my opinion , systematic thinking on the reasons behind the origin and prosperity of alphabetic writing that is found in other scholarly works ( scholarly it is not ) . even within the first 20 pages or so , i was disawayed more than a few times by dubious claims , utter misinformation , and distastefully euro/english-centric . here are some examples :  " the alphabet was not the earliest writing : egypt , mesopotamia , and probably china already had nonalphabetic systems . but the alphabet was the most efficient writing system ever found , before or since ( p.1 ) " -- what about hirogana for japanese ? syllabaries can be much more efficient for languages that do not have a large inventory of syllables . " the 'spreadability ' of an alphabet means that the future of our roman letters looks very bright indeed . ( p. 10 ) " -- he was speaking of languages that are written in multiple alphabets , such as swahili , serbo-croatian , urdu/hindi , and yiddish . and then came this proud comment on the prospect " our roman letters " . immediately following the above quote , he gave examples of azerbaijian and tatarstan 's decision to switch to roman , as well as other " struggling nation " 's likewise decisions to " switch to roman letters for native tongues , as a big to tie into global trade and communications and to better prepare their prople to learn english . tragically , much that is venerable and spiritually sustaining while be lost . yet that seems inevitable in the 21st century were are shaping . and it is sobering to reflect that our 26 letters wield such power . "  his view of the learnability of the alphabet is also uneducated , shall i say . the following superficial comment could have come from an old gradama who happened have not been a teacher for her lifetime . " an alphabet enjoys on huge advantage over any other writing system : it needs fewer symbols . no other sysmtem can get away with so few . this makes an alphabet easier to learn . students need memorize only two dozen or so letters to begin building toward literacy , which typically takes about another five years of instruction " . and -- he writes -- because of this simplicity , children can become literate before the working age . " this cricial fact has made the alphabet historically the vehicle of mass literacy . ( p.5 ) " well , " vehicle " is a very clevery way of framing it . at least he is not saying that where there is alphabet there is mass literacy . mass literacy was nevery a goal before the inducstry revolution . now sacks joins the ranks of you-know-who 's by implying that the europeans and western ideals were destined to take over the world because they had the alphabet and probably the mandate from god . ( guns , what guns ? )  sacks also compared " our 26 letters " -- as if alphabetic writing is patented at the uspo -- to chinese . " today chinese schoolchildren normally take three years longer than western children to learn to read and write , with most of that extra time devoted to mastering the symbols . "  this is completely misinformation . learning to read chinese is not easy , but do a little research , you will find studies over studies and books over books on comparitive studies of literacy ( including my own ) . i 've nevery seen a credible study that substantiates the 3-year lag . by the way , sacks almost never gives citations . i think that 's enough . this explains my total disappointment with the book -- i shold n't have any high expectation from the start , had i known who david sacks is .
the hero is a cold,mean brute who does not deserve his gentle wife kassia.he should have been made to marry joanna the shrewish woman he was betrothed to.i could n't get past graelam raping kassia,i really could n't.i know this is medieval england and women were more or less treated like chattel,but come on.kassia is a gentle sweet girl who does everything to please this philandering,brute of a man.he sleeps with one of the servants after he marries kassia , when she confronts him he threatens to beat and rape her which he had already done ( i shuddered again right there ) .there 's not one but two women undermining kassia 's authority and she sits back and takes this,please ! the servants and his own soldiers abhor his treatment of kassia throughout the book.i prayed for her to runaway with dienwald or for guy to fall in love with her and take her away from graelam.the women who made kassialife hell were rewarded for their treatment of her,they are never made to pay for what they did to her which is another thing that put me off this book.i like to see the heroine giving as good as she gets even if she 's not a particularly strong character.kassia was far too soft and gentle for this brute as a result he walked all over her quite literally.i wanted him to really suffer for his treatment of her which he did n't,this is why i bothered to finish this book for him to get his comeuppance which hedid n't.she capitulated far too easily in the end when he came to get her at her father 's castle.i know that he 's a warrior but did n't knights have a chivalric code
pinching a child 's trapezius muscle ? hitting him or her with a belt or a stick hard enough for it to hurt ? james dobson should be put away . raising children this way may make them obedient to their parents , but they will be prone to abuse others once they reach adulthood . look at adolf hitler and saddam hussein . at best , children who are physically abused will grow up to practice bsdm . this book deserves no stars
dobson has this to say about the supposed 'strong-willed child' . " even in infancy , he fairly bristles when his dinner is late and he insists that someone hold him during every waking hour . later , during toddlerhood , he declares total war on all forms of authority...his greatest thrill comes from drawing on the walls and flushing kitties down the toilet . " the " strong-willed child " has a " rampaging will . "  it should be pointed-out that james dobson 's training is in educational psychology , not child psychology , or child development . i 'm afraid he confuses 'strong-will ' with anger , alienation , resentment , and contempt . these are behaviors that are commonly produced in children as a result of his ( and his ilk ) approach toward child-rearing . like his right-wing christian compatriot , ezzo , he would have parents believe that children are inherently evil . the implicit advise is to beat the devil out of them .
i wanted to be interested in this book , but it became pretty boring ater a while . there is an undercurrent of romanticism that pervades the authors purpose . he claims to be neutral , yet his descriptions and conversations with many of the people slant towards idol worship . although the author claims to be in recovery , i did not get the sense of how drugs and alcohol can ruin peoples lives . i felt that his narrative was self serving , and glorifying the wonders of drugs and experimentation . there is a price to pay . what was good was hearing his father 's take on the whole down side of watching his son grow up loaded . that was interesting . i 'm getting weary of the proselytizing about how epochal the 1960 's , 70 's and 80 's were . i did n't like his picture either
my brother had severe acne a year or so ago that he inherited from my dad 's side of the family . he had tried antibiotics with no success and wanted to go on accutane . having heard bad things about the side effects , my dad wanted my brother to try the diet for a couple months before deciding to take the medication . he faithfully followed it with no results whatsoever . some of the ideas in the book are absurd - as a diabetic with a horrible eating habit and no teenage acne , i can tell you that the focus on dieting and insulin spikes as a direct cause of of the condition is preposterous . when i was a teenager , i 'd go on serious candy binges that required insulin doses bordering on the irresponsible , and i got through high school with only the occasional zit . i 've read that for a small number of people , diet can be a factor for acne , but obviously our experience points to something else as the primary cause ( this assumes you eat reasonably well - malnutrition is n't sexy ) . since medication should always be a last resort , a change of diet is probably a good first approach for those with minor blemishes , but those with a serious condition should look elsewhere . for the curious , while my brother had some strong side effects from the accutane ( none dangerous , primarily incredibly dry skin and eyes ) , it certainly succeeded in clearing up his skin
this is a fine series so when i began this volume i had hopes that it would be of the same standard as the others . ms. haney has a genuine gift in giving readers the " texture " of everyday life in imperial rome ( at the time of vespasian and titus in this one ) . the dialogue and the characters are both engaging . so what went wrong ? a young girl appears to speak with falco believing someone in her family wants to kill her . and away we go , on and on and on ! i was weary by the time i got to the rather flat conclusion and felt that a good editing would have been most helpful ; the length of this book ( 326 pages ) really can not support so thin a story . i was left wondering what had happened and if somehow i had missed something as there was so little going on
very disappointed with it . was expecting something groundbreaking , but it failed to deliever . an easy read and quite honestly , boring . do n't waste your time . read something more worthwile like robert anton wilson .
i am pretty sure that the author sent the only positive review . that is pretty pathetic . this book was written with no rhyme or reason . there is no good progression of information or understandable sense to it all . one star is stretch . plus , i am asian , and it was still hard for me-that is when you know it is bad
this book , by the way , was published in 1988 , not 1998 as the notes above indicate . it is also reflected in the books theme and attitude . i have read three chapters so far and this is what i have gleaned from the book : 1 ) your daughter will only be " successful " if she chooses male oriented occupations . 2 ) your daughter will only be " successful " if she is a doctor , not a nurse . heaven forbid she be a nurse , housewife , teacher . 3 ) your daughter wo n't be " successful " if she goes to a coed school . send her to a female only institution , that way she only has to compete against other girls . 4 ) your daughter wo n't be a success without playing poker , chess or other strategy games . do n't even think of pulling out dora or some other " girl " game . surely there must be better books for dads to gain some info on theie daughters and ways to help them along as they grow . i could go on with more examples from this feminist rant , but frankly do n't have the time . my daughter and i are going to kick the soccer ball . and btw , do n't even let her enjoy an english class or play with dolls . force her into that science and math slot . sign her up for computer camp because we all know that pc 's are designed strictly for boys . i really feel this book is outdated , both in examples and most importantly , attitude . try something different .
i have read this book only once time , it tooks me about 1 hour , it is very basic , have not any important info , else that you can get from a free catalo
first a little background.. . i 'm 53 with a preteen son . i 'm not quite a luddite . i make my living from an online business that i own and operate . our " big " present to our son last xmas was a computer -- one he and i were going to build from scratch . the main use of the computer was going to be video games and school work . we gave our son a budget ( not big by gamer pc standards ) to shop for the parts . i 've read a few books recently on the gaming " culture " to better understand it . this book came highly recommended from reviews here , so i read it . my reaction to the book ? it took a while , but i finally realized it felt like i was reading a study paid for and prepared on behalf of the video game industry . there are lots of great statistics , but rather flimsy rational defending extensive video game playing and how it 's successfully preparing gamers to succeed in the future . i did learn a few things . i got a dose of reality about why it seems like everyone under 35 plays video games extensively . i see that the * gamer generation * has a lot to offer . i also seriously wonder about the gaps in what they have to offer . a main thesis of the book is that gamers learn how to think and figure things out , because video games are about figuring out how to beat the game . interesting , since by the examples cited , it mostly appears to be trial and error with no significant logic involved . i call it learn by trying anything , as opposed to learn by thinking . both have their place . supposedly , gamers are more willing to take ( theoretically controlled ) risks as well . somehow the authors see the dot.com boom ( and bust ) as an endorsement of the future of business in the hands of gamers ( who largely ran the dot.coms ) . i see a different story than the authors from those days of yore . i could go on , but i think you get the point . the book says little ( nothing ? ) about how video games are helping gamers learn math , science , or reading . personally , i believe those skills/knowledge are much more important to a person 's future than the ability to learn thru trial and error . maybe the conclusions of the authors will prove to be correct . i hope so . but personally , i 'm concerned for any business that runs on the pure gamer mentality that i understand to be endorsed by the book .
unfortunately , sidney wolfe and the whole " worst pills " business enterprise is riding on the reputation of public citizen as a champion for consumers , but has failed to live up to it with this guide . in some cases , warnings are included regarding various drugs that are not based on scientific reports , but rather , are based on the marketing literature and information from the pharmaceutical companies themselves -- hardly an unbiased , consumer-oriented source of information . consider as one example the book 's " do not use " warning regarding the prescription drug , armour thyroid . rather than offering any research to support this severe recommendation ( because there is n't any research ) , the " guide " instead quotes the ama and the american thyroid association , two groups that greatly enjoy the largesse of the thyroid drug makers who want to put armour -- a far less expensive drug -- out of business . if this is the sort of " unbiased information " you want about the drugs you take , you might as well go ahead and just read the pharmaceutical company pamphlets . if millions of thyroid patients taking armour thyroid were to follow the advice in " worst pills , " the only thing that ends up for the worse is our health . i definitely do not recommend this book in any way . -- mary j. shomon , thyroid patient advocate and autho
i read this as a thirteen year old boy and enjoyed it . a re-read twenty years later gave me a different perspective . macleans dialogue between his characters is comic book variety at best . there are also a few glaring errors that i am surprised that his editor did not pick up on , two of note : shaffer ( supposedly from montana ) is credited with a mid-west accent ? ? montana is far west not 'mid ' west . secondly , nazi helicopters ? this is just plain sloppy . maclean should have known much better . this one belongs on the bookshelf of a teenage boy . for a better read of macleans better works i reccomend ; hms ulysess and bear island . the characters are far more credible and provide a better story by far . a poor effort by mr maclean
dobson has it wrong . children 's susceptibility to god and the attributes of god has to do with rearing them with the love of god in their hearts from the beginning , praying and relying on god , and being taught to please god . violence begets violence . to spank and be violent toward children is proof of the perpetrator 's ignorance of modern scientific evidence that spanking is detrimental to the emotional , physical and spiritual evolution of children . ignorance begets ignorance , and if you 're in charge of children , feeding your mind with ignorance is no benefit to your child
i agree with one of the earlier reviewers headlines , that was something like &quot ; just ok , not great.&quot ; i 've been working w/ server 2003 for a while now , and from my work experience , i knew certain things in the book were kind of being glossed over that really needed more coverage . i would read each chapter , read the summaries , take all the practice questions , and be left with this nagging feeling that the book was not really preparing me completely for what i 'd face on the exam . unfortunately , i was right , and i just missed passing the exam . this book is n't terrible , but just be sure you use some additional resources and that you have some good work experience also
hank hanegraff is a blatant replacement theologian where the nation of israel is concerned . he is further from the truth where prophecy is concerned than most groups , to include pretribulationists . indeed , his " scholarship " is no scholarship at all ; it is pure propaganda.... to see real scholarship , get tim cohen 's materials ( see below ) :  tim lahaye , jerry jenkins , and others in the pre-trib circle , such as ed hindson , tommy ice , chuck missler , zola levitt , thomas mccall , john hagee , grant jeffrey , marlin maddox , perry stone , texe marrs , john walvoord ( deceased ) , etc. , continue to put forth the same deceptions that hal lindsey popularized decades ago . the notion of a pre-tribulation rapture is foreign to scripture , it is foreign to the teachings of the early church , and it is grooming the church for destruction through ignorance and lack of preparation for what is really coming . these men are novices and not prophecy " experts " or " scholars " by any stretch of the imagination ; they are those who tickle the ears of gullible christians . why continue to be deceived ? tim cohen , in his excellent book , " the antichrist and a cup of tea , " provides biblically sound and testable evidence to show that the coming antichrist is known now . not only that , the same author ( tim cohen ) has now put out the strongest presentation on the whole issue of the rapture ever offered to the saints of god in christ : " the real rapture " . if you really want to know the truth about the timing of the coming rapture , then you need to hear tim cohen 's " the real rapture " ( based on a volume in his forthcoming " messiah , history , and the tribulation period " series ( see prophecy house 's site for details on these items , which are also available via amazon )
i found this book to be pretentiously over complexified . the relationship between object and surface has been aptly documented by many other art historians of the late 20thc . i think that fred has in this case over analysed too few works by the great artist , flag to me and many of the people i have discussed it with is far too complex a work for a man like orton to even vaguely comment on critically . he appears to my other academic associates and i to be slightly out of his depth at this level , and in future would do well to perhaps abandon the bottle of gin which he is widely known to keep under his desk , and to consequently write something worthwhile and not liquer-induced . mr orton , i am not your fan .
this book hardly has any conversation in it and hardly goes into detail about anything . i did n't even like the story . i would give this book a big fat zero if i could ! !
2 stars for decent writing ( at least a decent translation ) , for an intriguing start , and for the occasional appearance of a melancholy dwarf . that 's pretty much it . negative stars aplenty for the protagonists -- coy and tanger ( i listened to nc on 13 endless tapes , so perhaps am misspelling their names ) . the tortured metaphors they speak , think , and by which they -- and their insipid adventures -- are continually described , bore to tears . aside from an occasional scrape between coy and the aforementioned dwarf or his boss , all of the action in nc clusters at the beginning ( promisingly so , i 'll grant ) and the end ( all wimper , no bang ) of this novel . as a salty seadog once said ( no doubt anticipating this novel ) , " ahoy matey , thar . she blows ! "
i hold martin 's song of ice and frie series in high regard ; the man is a talented writer . for adults . the problem with this book is that it reads exactly like whay you 'd expect a chlidren 's book written by george r.r.martin to read like . by this i mean violent imagery and the occasional immolation of soon-to-be-dearly-departed-uncles . ( and as an uncle i object to this wanton anti-uncle setiment running rampant in children 's literature ! ! ! )  there seems to be no age group for this book . the story is n't that engrossing , and a kid i 'd feel comfortable buying a book for containing this level of violence would most likely want something more substanial . though for adults i strongly recommend martin 's other books over mr. pratchett , when it comes to books for kids about this age level i 've got ta go with pratchett 's wee freemen over this . or , for slightly younger kids , the persistent gappers of firth . hell , eveybody loves the gappers of firth .
this is a highly influential book . roosevelt has had many enemies growing out of his presidency . no one has had the same negative impact on roosevelt 's name to equal wyman 's attack . but , although wyman , a professional historian has well-documented his research , much of the indictment of the roosevelt administration is based upon conjecture incapable of proof . the litmus test of his proposals was the bombing of auschwitz . he asserts that the failure to bomb was due to a lack of caring . thousands of jews could have been saved . but there is no way to prove this . many jews could also have died because bombing was inaccurate and jewish prisoners lived close to the crematoria . too much in his charges is based on too little evidence . peter novick in his book , the holocaust in american life , calls wyman 's thesis a &quot ; comfortable morality tale&quot ; and &quot ; bad history.&quot ; in addition to novick , henry l. feingold , frank w. brecher , and william rubinstein have written critically about wyman
cover blurb :  when undercover work requires working under the covers , danger is an uninvited bedfellow.. .  erin mckenzie , a newly promoted homicide detective , lands the assignment of her career when she is chosen to investigate elizabeth adams , the number one suspect in a slew of serial murders . adams , elusive and devastatingly beautiful , is not only an accomplished seductress but also a lesbian . * * *  i have just finished reading this book after struggling with it for two months and , quite frankly , it is probably the worst book i have ever taken the time to finish . the only reason i prevailed to the bitter end was i wanted to see if it truly was as bad to the last page as it was from the first--and let me tell you , it was . not only was this slow-paced , stilted , plodding excuse for suspence peppered with paper-thin characters who all sounded vaguely familiar , but two of the three main protagonists are thinly disguised xeroxes of two beloved tv characters , minus the breast-plate , sword and loin-cloth skirt . i leave you to work out who i 'm refering too . this book desperately struggles with flat , stilted language that has neither voice nor colour , giving the descriptions of place and people about as much life as a body on the morgue slab awaiting autopsy . add to that is the fact that at least 50-60 pages could easily have been cut from the length by a good editor , thereby maybe adding a smidgen of tension to the over-worked plotline . however , it is the three main protagonists who irritated me the most , the author seemingly unable to decide on personality traits and character , which vacillate in a jarring way . i was left totally unsympathetic to any of them and the situations/circumstances they found themselves in . a very unsatisfying read
i thought this book was a waste of my reading time . i saw a review on the today show , and read several postive reviews as well , and it piqued my interest . what i thought may be a book about how to deal with and accept the coming changes/challenges of a mother/pre-teen daughter relationship was a book about a mother seeming to tiptoe around her daughter 's emotional state . what is sarah going to think about this , what is she going to say about that , etc. ? the only reason i gave it 2 stars instead of 1 is that i applaud the time spent karen and sarah spent together . something that should be done in all parent-child relationships . i would like to think there are better books on this subject .
...but lana wood has a very autobiographical writing style . i found wood 's memoir to be incredibly gossipy . she speaks for pages upon pages about her own feelings during pivotal times in natalie 's life . every here or there , it 's nice to have an eyewitness account of what happened at certain times , but i 'd rather read about the academy awards for which natalie was being nominated instead of the powerful men in hollywood with whom lana was sleeping . there is a lot of name-dropping as well as a lack of substance in the book 's context . after reading this , i read suzanne finstad 's natasha and found it to be very thorough and much more detailed about both her personal and professional life . i was not a fan of this book in any respect
i appreciate anyone 's attempts to examine the deeper nature of life and share that with the rest of us . however , i could see a hole in csikszentmihalyi 's attempt from the beginning . " in the course of my studies i tried to understand as exactly as possible how people felt when they most enjoyed themselves , and why . my first studies involved a few hundred " experts " --artists , athletes , musicians , chess masters , and surgeons , in other words , people who seem to spend their time in precisely those activities they preferred . "  i 'm surely not alone in wondering why on earth one would presume the above professions are strictly happy and " optimal experience " . particularly the reference to artists and musicians , who typically have severe struggles with life , and are n't on cloud nine just because some professors might like them in a couple hundred years . that is what i felt was the very weak point of the book--a study of happiness with almost no reference to unhappiness . it goes on to talk about ways to find flow in our ordinary life , while dodging the bullet continually about why if flow was all those great people needed , did they still encounter countless problems and unhappiness .
i was incredibly disappointed with this book purchase - especially because i paid full price for it . i have absolutely no use for it . why ? why pay money for a book that simply takes prepackaged cookie and cake mixes , and adds a handful of nuts or dried fruit , ( thus , making it " homemade " ) to give away ? anyone with the smallest amount of natural creativity could do this on their own , without the instruction of a cookbook . let me give you an example : one of the " recipes " in this book is for lollipops . you melt down other lollipops or pieces of hard candy and drop a stick in the puddle . wow . that is crafty . how ridiculous . even worse , - as you will see by the illustration , - the " homemade " 'lollipop ' looks disgusting . the stick is about four times as thick as the paper-thin puddle of liquified old hard candy . i would n't dare give such a thing away as a gift . only a handful of recipes in this book are actually scratch-made from ingredients . the premise of this book is dressing up premade prepackaged foods from your local grocery store , and slapping some notions from the craft store on a glass jar or paper box . while some of the presentation ideas are original and attractive , in general it will prove a grave disappointment to an experienced cook . i have given this book two stars because it does present lovely photo illustrations of every " recipe " , and may give you inspiration for packaging and presenting your best recipes as gifts...... but if you have any creative talent and cooking skill whatsoever , - i advise you to seek out another book on this subject . it is not worth the cost of the book . should you be interested in the simplicity and economical value ( the craft notions to dress the package will cost more than the food you are preparing ) found in this book , - please- buy a used copy , - it is n't worth more than $ 3 bucks . this is definitely a publication for a very inexperienced cook - and it is only for such a one i would recommend this book
i must admit i usually write only positive reviews as i buy books very carefully . this is unfortunately a wrong buy . i like the shabby chic style and since she 's the person to get inspiration from on this style , i immediately bought this book without hesitation . i must say i was n't inspired at all not even on one item and i am usually quite easily inspired by just reading a mag , browsing through ebay or simply walking around the market . the pics are big but on flowers ? ? i think i should 've got the first book instead
i too eagerly anticipated reading this book , since i went through an apron-sewing blitz this summer . i was a bit disappointed , however . although the photos and instructions are helpful ( for seamsters more accomplished than myself ) , the tone of the book is reactionary , with negative statements about working mothers and a lot of nostalgia for the ozzie and harriet era . although geisel celebrates the rebirth of the domestic arts , she praises the home-as-nest ( enclave of traditional domesticity ) rather than the house-as-studio ( a diy workshop involving every member in open-ended acts of engagement with economy , history , and culture . ) still , there 's some interesting history and some great photos
this is not very good . that is to say , the writing and the fluidity of gazzara 's life become bland and uninteresting quite fast . i initially picked it up because as an actor i find biographies or autobio 's about somewhat lesser known people more curious than approaching someone like paul newman or brando , who each have several books...and gazzara 's career has been an intruiging one . as a member of the actors studio , which produced the aforementioned actors along with countless others , his rise to broadway and hollywood was quick . he originated brick in cat on a hot tin roof , and played his first film for otto preminger-opposite james stewart and george c. scott , among others-in anatomy of a murder . but his approach to acting , which is of primary importance to me , was not chronicled . instead he regales with stories of what and who the people he worked with were like . what the particular country he was shooting in was like , etc. , etc . one of his primary sources of regard is his work with john cassavetes , and it is clear cassavetes was a major influence and close friend , someone gazzara owes much , and the process by which they created husbands and other films is investigated more than any other . cassavetes too comes out as a more interesting , larger than life guy , while gazzara 's tales of living in italy , or being in spain , new york , hollywood , the philippines , etc. , etc . just made me jealous.. . i guess i wanted to know more about the life of an actor who has worked as long as gazzara has , is still relatively known-but never became a " star , " and continues to work , without feeling he is a hack who does n't take his work seriously. .
i found this book sadly lacking in substance and quality activities . spend your money on days of knights and damsels by carlson
not recommended for native speakers of the english language . when trees = = forests and top-level directories are instead 'naming contexts ' ... . the desirable format would be " this feature , which ms call 'x ' , is 'y ' plain english " , but instead the y feature will only ever be called x . this is not a helpful book
if i had been an editor and received " deadly slipper " , i would have said the following :  " dear ms. wan ,  your book is unacceptable for the following reasons :  1 ) the setting . one hazard of writing about the place where you spend your summers is that you end up writing through the eyes of a visitor rather than a native . dordogne sounds delightful,and i 'd certainly like to visit it based on your descriptions of delightful pigeon coops and sheep scattered across the landscape , but it is disturbing that you have cicadas singing in may . it suggests you are only familiar with the setting during the vacation months when you habitually visit . to really describe a place , i think you need to know it better . 2 ) the characters . because you spend your summers in dordogne , you appear to know only other wealthy foreigners . all your main characters are expatriates with irritatingly bourgeois occupations . i do n't know if you realize that all the native-born french characters you portray are ugly , boorish , sexually depraved , mentally defective , criminal , or terminally quaint , and they all appear to make cheese . surely this is n't a realistic portrayal of the french . 3 ) the orchids . actually , the orchids are fine , but the idea that orchid fanciers are maniacal and possibly homicidal is a questionable one ; most orchid fanciers are fairly tedious . also , the idea that a lady slipper mutant would spontaneously occur and allow the orchid to live outside its native habitat is idiotic . anyone would tell you that a hybrid is a better bet . 4 ) the dogs . one cute dog is sufficient ; two are too much . puppies are inexcusable . 5 ) the romance . most mystery writer are aware of the hazard of including a romance in a mystery , but you walked in innocently , unaware that your two characters are unpleasant , self-involved and have no chemistry ( and that 's not even mentioning their unspeakable dogs ) . you set a big obstacle in their path by having one think the other is a deranged serial killer ; a great writer might be able to pull this off , but you ca n't . 6 ) trendoid aspects . epistolary novels are * so * 18th century . but having a ny psychiatrist profile the serial killer by email is so last week . you will be sorry you did this , sooner rather than later . 7 ) the ending . ridiculous and melodramatic . georges simenon wrote about crime with great psychological acuity . you should read one of his books .
this book is very disappointing . the writing is terrible and rather amateurish . the writer bored me , maybe something 's lost in translation from french , i do n't know . i already knew the killer the first time he was introduced in the book , although the writer tried to create red herrings which did not work . mara sounds stupid , immature and inconsistent . skip this book , it 's not worth your time . peter mayle 's mysteries set in france are way much better that this . at least his novels have sense of humor , suspense , very interesting characters and most important , they are very well written
i was extremely disappointed by this book/pamphlet , being misled by the other favorable reviews . it is completely lacking in information . it has 51 6 " x8 " pages with huge font and too many cartoons . it successfully defines what is good and bad posture , but does not provide excercises to improve it ( it simply states to " practice " good posture ) . there are much much better alternatives . i have read " posture alignment " and recommend that , and have heard of great reviews for " posture , get it straight ! "
this book is the typical package of business ideas . the book gets 2 stars because the few pages devoted to entrepreneurship has very little substance and the information under each idea is sparse and in many cases not helpful . in addition , there are numerous ideas that require a tremendous amount of work . the author does state that what may be work for one person , may be play to another . however , this relates to doing something you enjoy or having a passion where you do n't mind putting in the time or work . the title suggests that the business ideas listed in the book will not require a great deal of time or effort , which is not the case for many of the ideas ( masonry , restauranteur for example ) . this book has some value for those that have not read similar books of this type . otherwise , i would take a pass on this one
and you should n't inhale . several reviewers have ecstatically proclaimed this book and movie to be an eye-opening , truth-revealing work , but those who are credulous enough to think they learn history through agenda-focused books and films like " hunting " need to go back and see other " documentaries " like " triumph of the will " , " the eternal jew " or " reefer madness " . let 's be honest , people . this book was written by a strongly pro-clinton columnist and the movie was produced by well-known fob ( friend of bill ) harry thompson . it 's about as objective as the factually challenged " fahrenheit 9/11 " , a work that moore himself now calls " satire " . ( by the way , i 'll bet you did n't know that many middle easterners who have seen moore 's movie are outraged at the shallow , stereotypical and racist image he presented of their people and culture . ) the point is , whether intentional or just laziness these dime-a-dozen political books typically contain significant misrepresentations . if you 're already a member of the author 's congregation , you wo n't care . you 'll shout " hallelujah ! " and say that " hunting " has given the world great truths . but clear thinkers understand that it 's foolish to uncritically accept the representations in either this book or the followup movie .
