sphere by michael crichton is an excellant novel . this was certainly the hardest to put down of all of the crichton novels that i have read . the story revolves around a man named norman johnson . johnson is a phycologist . he travels with 4 other civilans to a remote location in the pacific ocean to help the navy in a top secret misssion . they quickly learn that under the ocean is a half mile long spaceship . the civilans travel to a center 1000 feet under the ocean to live while researching the spacecraft . they are joined by 5 navy personel to help them run operations . however on the surface a typhoon comes and the support ships on the surface must leave . the team of ten is stuck 1000 feet under the surface of the ocean . after a day under the sea they find out that the spacecraft is actually an american ship that has explored black holes and has brought back some strange things back to earth . this novel does not have the research that some of the other crichton novels have , but it still has a lot of information on random things from the lawes of partial pressure to behavior analysis . i would strongly recommend this book
dr. oz is an accomplished heart surgeon in the field of cardiac transplantation . he describes how he combines complementary medicine ( e.g . hypnosis , reflexology , yoga , message , acupuncture . etc ) with orthodox western medicine . there is an excellent forward by dr dean ornish , and an interesting epilogue containing an overview of the complementary medicine techniques . the bulk of the book contains stories of patients dr. oz treated using this revolutionary way . i am a cardiologist , and i have a great interest in combining western medicine with complementary medicine , which is the reason i bought this book . however this book was a bit boring to read and was also a bit of a disappointment . nevertheless , those interested in this new medicine , which i think will be the medicine of the new millennium , will want to read this book
the most gorgeous artwork in comic books . contains the most extraordinary artwork of alex ross ( superman , batman , wonder woman , the justice league , etc , even hanna-barbera ! ) a comics fan , i recieved this as a christmas gift , and i read it again and again . a must-have for comic book fans .
this book is for lovers of robicheaux . his demons seem put to rest , redemption seems almost within his grasp - and yet the worst mayhem ever occurs within these pages . the poetry and sense of regret for lost innocence pervade burke 's prose as always , but his anger at humanity 's shortcomings is bubbling volcanically just beneath the surface . hurricane katrina features as a force both of destruction and cleansing . a bit like robicheaux himsel
this is going to be a short and sweet review because many others have commented on this book at length . i want to contribute my two cents as a concise opinion based on its value as a powerful , engaging and thought provoking story . this book packs the punch of great fiction . it covers a broad territory from the ice age to the present with the drama of an epic . you certainly do n't need to be a history major , biologist or anthropologist to be moved by the story of civilization as told by the author . jared diamond places a very strong emphasis on the role of geography , environment and other factors that relate back to nature in the rise of civilizations . i think the major shortcoming of his work is that he does n't give enough credit to social factors and their role is history . if you do n't know a lot about history or how physical factors in the environment contributed to the rise of agriculture , the need for armies , etc . you will find this fascinating reading . if you have a deep knowledge of these areas , anthropology and sociology , you may find the overly reductionistic stance annoying . however , most likely you will enjoy the well-written story if you can keep in mind that it does n't provide the full picture . in short , this book magnificently illuminates jared diamond 's specific areas of interest , while downplaying or neglecting others . it provides a valuable piece of the truth and it does so in a very engaging and thoughtful manner .
since i am a world 's fair " fanatic " i have read almost everything that i can on the subject . in general , this is an interesting and well researched book . the author has apparently attended most of the expositions that he writes about . however , i must point up three rather glaring errors in the book . in describing the louisiana world expo of 1984 he states that the unbuilt symbol tower was supposed to be " 80 feet tall,just 150 feet shorter than the eiffel tower . " since the eiffel tower is actually over 900 feet tall,the new orleans fair tower would have had to have been at least 800 feet tall.this may have been a typo which the author did not catch in time.the other error states that the us pavilion at the brussels world 's fair of 1958 was a " large,squat,round concrete block structure . " it was indeed large and round , but not squat and not made of concrete blocks.according to the excellent book about edward durrell stone , the architect of the pavilion,the outer walls consisted of large aluminum panels which were latticed in intricate designs so that the interior would be flooded with natural light . i have seen photos of the us pavilion , and it seems a beautiful and airy structure to me . ( in comparison to the soviet pavilion , which resembled a large refrigerator ! ) thirdly , the spokane expo of 1974 was not the first time that the u.s.s.r. exhibited at a u.s. expo . they had a large pavilion at the new york world 's fair of 1939 . all in all , however , i would recommend this book to anyone who is interested in the history of world 's fairs
this the one book that taught me more about how to use my slr than the camera 's manual itself . the step by step approach and the logical arrangement of chapters makes it a book that really teaches you photography . i also liked the way mr . frost uses two photographs to illustrate a filter . one take without the filter and then the same one with a filter . also explained very well is how longer lenses reduce depth of the photograph and small helful tips on increasing your depth of field . an encompassing book , the last few chapters tell about how a slide show can be made more interesting and how to take care of your equipment . the peppering of photos and illustrations make you want to go out and take pictures using the methods shown . a good buy and money well spent . my only gripe is that i preffered the smaller size of the previous edition as it fit easily in my kit bag
tom friedman is a engaging writer . he also writes from a very personal perspective , both as to how the world has changed for him and his family , and for his friends around the world . you get the feeling that mr. friedman is describing the world changing as he is watching . what a treat and a very easy read . pick it up and learn about what is really going on outside the us shores
john crowley 's well-deserved recognition as one of the best literary stylists writing in the english language is readily apparent in these four fantasy novellas that date from the late 1980 's . his &quot ; great work of time&quot ; is an intriguing rashomon-esque time travel fantasy about cecil rhodes and british economic imperialism in east africa at the end of the 19th and beginning of the 20th centuries . it was almost as compelling a read as the &quot ; the nightingale sings at night&quot ; , which offers a fantastical twist on the adam and eve creation myth saga . the other two tales , &quot ; in blue&quot ; and &quot ; novelty&quot ; , i found much less compelling , but they are redeemed by the same lyrical prose crowley uses in other tales . it was a wonderful surprise to find this book at a library ; a surprise which i think many readers will also discover
this story captivated me right from the outset , as vivian copes with age-related loss of memory . her scenes are tenderly drawn in sensitively described and insightful detail , and she is a very realistically portrayed . as susannah packs up her childhood home and prepares to move vivian into an assisted living apartment , she uncovers clues to her past concerning the mysteries of her brother 's death and whereabouts of her long-lost high-school sweetheart . with just the right blend of drama , action , suspense and resolution of family issues , this enjoyable story is very uplifting and thought-provoking , providing reflections for my own midlife crisises . it is easily read within a couple of hours , and there is a subtle tie-in to the blossom street books , leaving the possibility that these likable characters may reappear in subsequent books in that series .
i found this novel at a bookstore on the boardwalk i visit at least once every summer . i love going there and looking to see if i can find a book that i have never heard of , by an author i 've never heard of , and buy it on a whim . this is the novel i bought last year . i has , unfortunately , sat on my shelf since then until tonight , because of many reasons . tonight , however , i picked it up and read it cover to cover . the narrative was brilliantly told , the dialogue completely believable and the plot totally heartwrenching . if i had made it to the end without some tears , i would believe myself made of stone ! skip is a character many can relate to : a man unsatisfied with how his life has turned out , down about how his friends have really not been friends at all , that gets the chance to do something great by this little child . however , it is the change she makes in those around her which are truly the blessings of the title . faith , a name not used lightly , restores her namesake in all those touched by her . she ultimately gives him the chance of making something of his life without even knowing it . many blessings occur in this wonderful novel , and i found myself all at once sour about how humankind can be at times , but also proud at how humankind can be at others ( which is a fact , in itself , that proves how well quindlen has spun her tale ) . the fact is that just because a person has been to jail , has deadbeat friends , does not mean he is of that same stock ; just because an elderly woman has become so dragged down by her own life does not mean she has no feeling left in her . skip , lydia , nadine , meredith , jennifer...all have many dimentions to their characters that quindlen has spectacularly drawn
i checked out this cookbook from the library and as soon as i cracked it open i knew i needed a copy of my own . it is full of simple , tasty , and easy to prepare recipes . i really like how most of the recipes do n't require many special ingredients and how simple the directions are . i was a little apprehensive having made the decision to become a vegetarian but this cookbook gave me confidence i 'd still be able to enjoy a flavorful variety of cuisine
i sit here with my two newly acquired volumes of the oxford encyclopedia of food and drink in america in absolute awe ! with almost 200 contributors , almost 800 entries and nearly 400 illustrations , editor andy smith and oxford university press have done a magnificent job of putting together what is clearly the most comprehensive work on this immensely broad subject ever undertaken . whether you are a food professional or interested amateur , a historian , sociologist or anthropologist , a student or scholar , these volumes will no doubt become your most important resource for information related in any way to the history of food and drink in america . the scope is astounding , spanning some five centuries and ranging from events and trends to products , from ethnic , religions and cultural influences to political and social movements in american history , and also includes dozens of biographical entries of important contributors and influences on the development of culinary life and gastronomy in america . despite the enormity of this work , it is refreshingly approachable , set forth alphabetically , written in clear language , translated when needed , and annotated and supplemented with bibliographical information for those wishing to explore further . as a food professional-recipe developer , food writer and culinary educator-there is no doubt in my mind that these pages will soon be worn and this seminal work will remain among my most valued and cherished resources for as long as my interest in food and gastronomy is alive .
i borrowed this book on cd from the library and half way through , ordered the book so i would have it to refer to . excellent book , highly recommended . helps to put a realistic perspective on millionaires
i saw the 1963 classic first , which happens to be one of my most favourite ghost movies of all time ! ( what a major disappointment the remake was ) . so as soon as i could a got a copy of this . it was an awesome novellete . i read it in one sitting , could n't put it down ! i do have to say i enjoyed the movie better...but this is a great journey as well .
while expertly crafted , this is not a pretty novel , nor is it gentle . the subject matter -- abduction of a child -- is somber , as are a few gruesome descriptions of death and dying . the plot twists and turns , as befits a lehane novel , and one way or another this complicated story finds its way to a denouement which the reader may not find satisfying . but you can usually trust lehane to take good care of you in this , one of his finer books . and not only are there plot twists to wrestle with , there are more than a few serious moral issues that will have you squirming or at least scratching your head . all in all , this was a solid , enjoyable thriller . the reader will feel his time was not wasted
awesome . this book is worth its weight in gold for the insights and understanding it shares . with a professional background in finance , economics and a profound study of the word of god , the author is well qualified to expose mammon for what it is , and to challenge the reader to a deeper surrender to the only real treasure worth having . buy two and give a copy away . can we have a new edition please
this book does something i 've never seen before . it shows a cool young homo boy who 's punk rock and a skater , not some wishwashy queen-boy . sam , the lead character , is really cool . i 'd like to be his friend , and his boyfriend , but that 's another matter . also , the dude he likes , clay , is really hot . he 's a surfer , but he 's not a stereotypical surfer , he 's much cooler , and also a little punk rock . i love this novel . the ending is really sad , but i loved it
fear nothing is about christopher snow , whose parents die in supposedly innocent ways , but chris soon finds out that what is seems is not really what it is , and even that his little town of moonlight bay is stranger , and scarier , than he thought . chris then sets out with his friends , and his dog , to find out the truth about what 's really going on . fear nothing is a good plot written in typical koontz style . fear nothing grabs you from the beginning and holds you all the way through . it keeps you guessing and just when you think you have it figured out , it throws something new at you and makes you guess some more . koontz creates some very likable characters and by the end of the story , you like them , and feel as if you know them . fear nothing is very descriptive , koontz describes his locations so well you feel like you 're in them , and experiencing the plot right next to the main character . i have not read the sequel , but i am anxious to do so .
i 'm not even a vegetarian , let alone a vegan , and this book offers such flavorful and simple recipes . some more time consuming than others but definitely worth the wait ! unless you hate veggies , this book is a must have ! i just made the herb scalloped potatoes as a side dish and the author was right , it 's hard to believe there 's no cheese or cream ! the pizza with caramelized onions , kalmata olives and tomatoes is fantastic too ! . . . . .lots of yummyness
very good , easy , light & funny read ! although his best , by far , in my opinion was " running with scissors " . this was an enjoyable read & would recommend reading his work if you like david sedaris , both have a similiar style
reading this book is like having a holy vision : i feel as if i should tell the world about it , but at the same time it seems so sacred and personal that maybe i should just keep it to myself and try to figure out why it came to me , into my life , into my head . the book is the story of billy parham , a son in a late-1930s new mexican ranching family . billy traps a wolf that has been killing his father 's cattle but realizes he ca n't kill it and has to return it to its home in the mountains of old mexico . billy crosses the border into mexico , and as he does he crosses from real life into a world of dreams , where everyone moves as if the air was liquid , where every ruin has an irretrievable story , where soot and heat and danger hang in the air , and where nothing ever goes as planned . the story is not as streamlined or as focused as its thematic predecessor , " all the pretty horses , " but that 's not necessarily a shortcoming . the book sprawls out like a wide hot desert--curling north and south , east and west , across the present and into the past . the writing is as good as any writing i 've ever read ever , and certain metaphors and feelings will stay with you for years . for example : the coals of a campfire seeming like an exposed piece of the core of the earth . this is a book that needs to be read . pick it up , and let it seep into your skin , let it open you to other worlds and peoples and ideas , and let it change you . let it open your eyes to the world , and to the west , and the goodness and the hope and the sadness that haunts the lives of all of us . this is a book made of all those ineffable things that most of us just ca n't put into words . but here , somehow , cormac mccarthy has managed to do just that . here is the intangible , but tangible . here is the unnameable , but named . here are the thoughts you could never express , expressed .
beautiful vineyards , fueding families , mystery , and an unlikely love story with a twist . great read . prepare to read this one through because it was hard to put down ! ! !
the book arrived as expected and was in great shape . thanks
paul sheldon,a very good writer famous for his books in the " misery " series.a popular character in his book is someone named misery.in his final book he kills the character off,therby ending the series.paul 's number one fan is annie wilkes,a retired nurse . ( i would like to say,retarded ) . one day paul gets into an accident and gets both of his legs severely damaged.coincidently,guess who finds him ? annie.yes,she finds him and starts to nurse him back to good health.but when she soon finds out that paul has killed the character " misery " ,annie is pissed...she makes it her business to get paul to write another novel in which " misery " is not killed.it sounds simple,i know.but when paul refuses to write the novel,annie uses force,and she tortures him so much that he just gives in and begins to write a new novel . meanwhile thinking of a way to escape,paul writes the novel and suffers at the same time.he lost one of his foot,because she burnt it off ! yes,this annie wilkes is a lunatic.while paul is under annie 's capture,he learns alot about things he took for granted.the ending of this book is a happy one,you wo n't be disappointed.i recommend this book as any other sk novel.it is a great suspense,drama novel...enjoy...nigel  here is another version of the plot . ( taken from wikipedia ) .. .  " the story begins with paul sheldon slowly waking out of a coma . gradually , his memory returns to him : he is a wildly popular romance novelist of the misery series of novels ( the main character of which is named misery chastain ) who has crashed his car in a winter storm outside of silver creek in grand county , colorado , and has been badly injured . his rescuer , annie wilkes , is a former registered nurse and has taken him to her secluded country home to personally care for him . as luck would have it , annie is paul 's " number one fan " and eagerly awaited all his publications . almost immediately however , paul realizes that there is a flip side to this coin : annie is mentally ill , she has not told anyone where he is , and she has a violent past that includes a successful career as a serial killer . annie begins to physically and psychologically abuse paul when she finishes reading his latest published work , in which the heroine misery dies . annie later forces him to burn an unpublished manuscript of his new novel , " fast cars " he was carrying at the time of his accident , disgusted at its radical departure from the misery series . eventually , annie forces paul to write a new misery novel " just for her " and bring the character back from the dead . paul works on the book as annie 's violent mood swings and her psychosis deepens . her insanity escalates as paul tries to escape ; she eventually chops off one of paul 's feet , one of his thumbs , and murders a police officer investigating his disappearance . as the authorities begin to close in on annie , paul 's plight--both in his writing and his attempt to save his life--becomes more desperate . paul eventually defeats annie by smashing her over the head with the second hand typewriter she had given him to write " her " novel . after he escapes , he publishes the new misery novel to great critical acclaim . " ...enjoy...nigel
as i read , i kept trying to figure out whether this tale is a collection of reflections on how two religions can destroy a region and its people , whether the characters have broader agendas than their stories or whether it 's just a good tale peppered with strong political images . and , a good story it is . how can you beat this writing ? " the pandits of kashmir were left to rot in their slum camps , to rot while the army and the insurgency fought over the bloodied and broken valley , to dream of return , to die while dreaming of return , to die after the dream of reture died so that they could not even die dreaming of it , why was that why as that why was that why was that why was that " ( p. 297 )  " the beauty approached him , beckoning . her arm slipped around his shoulder , supple as a snake , and like a snake her leg coiled around his . then like a third snake her other arm and like a fourth snake her other leg until she was slithering all over him.... she had as many arms and legs as a goddess , and multilimbed and irrestible she coiled and tightened around him and , finally , with all the power she possessed , she bit . the accidental death by king cobra snakebit of [ the ] general was announced ... the next morning and he was buried with full honors.... ( p. 316 ) " p. 31
the andromeda strain tells the story of a bacteria growth in piedmont , arizona . this bacteria kills people in a matter of seconds and killed everyone in the town except for a 69 year old man and a baby . a top secret commission is formed to see how these bacteria kill people and to see how they can be stopped . this book has the makings of a real thriller . i could n't put the book down through the first 250 pages . however , this book had a dissipointing ending . this book involves a lot of " cool " technology . this book could have taken place today ( instead of 1969 ) because i could visualize a lot of the book . i found myself thinking " awesome technology " more then i was thinking that crichton is sure a great author . he seemed to involve a little too much foreshadowing . this book does involve a lot of research and " up-to-date theories " for 1969 , but is a little dated today . this does not take anything out of the story . i would recommend this book because it is really interesting . lots of research went into this book . the book is fast paced and has many modern aspects of a crichton novel
still a great read , but not as good as tender at the bone and comfort me with apples . foodies will love the continued insight into restaurant review protocol , but the author really shines when she remembers early food experiences with her mom , dad and other relatives and friends . the highs are not as high , nor the lows as low in garlic and sapphires . reichl has a long way to go to lose me as a reader ; that said , i hope she has a few more early memories to incorporate in her next book
very good writing done by both authors . i 've always loved c.c . now with du brul , the story gets even more suspenseful . a really awsome page turner . get this one
this is most definitely my favorite book on earth ! i 'm so serious , this is such a cool book . it really appeals to anyone . kids could read it because there are short sentances and pictures ( some tough words though...start with epiplectic ? ? ) but teens and adults ( i 'm sure ) can also appreciate the morbid and brilliant humor of edward gorey . for anyone that thinks that $ 10 is too much to spend on a little book , ( ( you may be right in some circumstances ) ) but this is such a fantastic book i know i am gushing but i love it soooooooo much ! ! !
even though you know before you start reading that this book will have a happy ending , it is a fun read . a well written and pleasant book . one of the best of this falls crop . i am already waiting for the next book in the series
i found this book to contain some really sound advice and i would suggest it for anyone that was contemplating risking their money on the ponies
this was the first novel i read from endo , and i have to confess to being hooked on it from the first . it is both interesting from a historical perspective , taking in an event that was singularly fascinating , and deeply profound from a psychological perspective . it is also a partial critique of ambition and desire in the clergy of the day . hasekura is a deep character , and the reader spends a bit of time with hasekura 's thoughts . this is especially so as hasekura confronts the emaciated , dying christ that he sees on his travels toward rome . the possibility of faith in this " pathetic man " , and the conflict that produces with his duty to lord and ancestors , forms a a deeply emotional narrative coupled with hasekura 's desires , dreams and simple wishes . the psychological aspect of the book is very well presented and notable in its impact . a notable part of the book is tied up with father velasco , whose ambition seems to know no limits . his own struggles with ambition , and the self-justifications that he employs , are a lesson worthy of remembering . this novel is a great one , and i was hooked to the very last page . it will take you into the world of hasekura , velasco and their companions , as they themselves see it . it will take you into their dreams , their hopes , their fatalism , their fears and their struggles to cope with their situation . i totally , unreservedly recommend this novel . i love this novel
i was given this book by a friend as a going away gift . the day i decided to read it , i was ill and lay on the couch reading it in one sitting . i was a bit drowsy , but i could not but it down...it made me nervous , excited , sad , and happy...all the emotions that a good book or movie can offer . get this if you are a serious reader looking for a fictional escape
dry is anything but what the title of this work implies.the pages drip with boozy escapades and one can almost smell and taste the liquor on augusten burroughs breath.a must for drinkers who would like to stop or at least reassess what the heck is going on in their lives.almost motivational in its honest appraisal of the difficulties inherent in this addiction . the writing style is clear and refreshingly down to earth,funny , yet foreboding and diary-like in its presentation.burroughs clearly transmits via humor and self awareness the many dimensions of this destructive addiction and the problems that can come with it , especially the limited usefulness of rehab.the story itself is pretty hip with a good look inside the mind of what we could easily call , " a hard core drinker " as he anticipates the " next one " .passages describe a variety of interpersonal dilemmas,job and sexual conundrums.dry is also a good insightful look at how the treatees view the treaters and how quickly they can size up weaknesses and exploit them.this is a page turner but it does drag a bit in the middle , yet has a strong finish.an earlier work 'running with scissors ' was apparently good enough for hollywood , so take a shot with dry.after all , when your liquor bottles occupy more living space in your place than you do , it might be time to slow down,stop and get a copy of twelve steps and twelve traditions , and a copy of dry . cheers ! !
omg ! ! ! i could not put this book down.. . i am in my upper twenties and i am going thru a bunch of these symptoms already . yes the book is bios about natural progesterone , so what.. . i have not personally used progesterone cream yet , because i am waiting for my saliva test results to make sure that 's what i need . but even if i do n't , everything else provided in the book is amazing information . your diet , your vitamins , your stress level , your physical activity , everything is co-related to most woman 's hormonal imbalances . they even talked about a case where a woman did not want to use the natural progesterone and how by changing all of the other stuff in her life , she achieved hormone balancing . if you are suffering from hormonal imbalances , i will strongly recommend this book . i also bought other ones that i will be reading after this one . but i started with " be lean by romy seleznov " , which is a story from her life and how she struggled to balance her hormones and gives all the details of what she did , then i continued with this book , and the next one i will be reading is " natural hormone balance for women " by uzzi reiss , which does cite this book as well . if you think you have a hormonal imbalance , please do not rely on your doctor 100 % , i am not saying that you should not believe them or rule out everything they say , but do your homework . i have been telling my doctors since i am in my teens that i feel i have an imbalance with my hormones and since all of the results come back fine they have been telling me that my symptoms were " normal " .. . wrong ! ! ! now they found a tumor in my pituitary gland , which causes an imbalance.. . the tumor grows slowly , so i am sure that it has been there for years , but they never checked it before . now that i am treating it , all of my " normal " symptoms are almost gone . i am still on the process of getting everything in balance . if you feel you have something wrong , even if the results of your blood work comes as normal , read more and look for healthy ways of changing your diet , exercising more , balance your hormones , and look for second opinions and definitely have a good naturopath that you can go to . also " bikram yoga " , is an excellent exercise to helping you with hormonal balancing . at least that 's part of what i changed .
whilst the book may seem a little dated when it talks of tweed in the country and a matching silk jacket for your cocktail dress , it does contain a lot of useful information about putting together a great career wardrobe on a budget , which colours match , which accessories never date , and how to dress for evening functions of any nature . i highly recommend it for anyone who thinks jackie kennedy was the epitome of chic , and who would like to know how to pull it off themselves
the quirky illustrations done by the masterful dave mckean at once contribute to the book 's charm , but also lend to its dread . however , this is not a book for especially wee ones or children prone to nightmares . some people may not appreciate dave mckean 's artwork as much as they should , because it is so different , at least to those not familiar with the sandman graphic novel series written by neil gaiman in which dave mckean did the cover art for all the books . at first glance the layout might seem confusing , even distracting , yet it somehow works here . neil gaiman has crafted an eerie tale that befits his style of writing . he introduces us to a charming young girl named lucy , who suspects something is not right with her home . and though her pig-puppet seems to share her concern and understands her fear , the rest of her family do not...until it 's too late . the action waxes and wanes until all seems resolved in the end , though perhaps it is not . you be the judge . this is a worthy book to read to third-graders and above , though some younger children may be able to stomach the tale without any concern . neil gaiman deserves praise for bringing his brand of storytelling to a younger audience , one so unfamiliar with his other work . i highly recommend this book
if you are planning to become a landlord , buy this essential book before you purchase a rental property or hang that " for rent " sign in front of your house . a healthy dose of legal reality will counterbalance any easy money ideas you may have and help you decide whether the work and risk involved in being a landlord is how you would like to make money . the legal concepts you learn may even influence which properties you buy and how you maintain them . if you are already a landlord , keep this book at your finger tips . the information is well organized and easy to find for quick reference . legal concepts are presented in plain language and illustrated with scenarios showing how the concepts might play out in real life . the authors make dry legal topics as interesting as possible . add the urgency of knowing a legal misstep could land you on the wrong side of a lawsuit , and you will find yourself eagerly turning these pages
this is the story of another tragic episode involving a native american tribe . that this probably happened under other circumstances , and happened to more than the arapaho tribe , can not be doubted . this is another in a series that has given us insight into tribal life and continues to leave us wanting more . the characters are strong , believable , and you want the best for all of them . the underlying plot--selling tribal babies and telling their parents they died--is heartbreaking . the reunion of one such child with her father made me weep . and vicki 's trial reconciliation with ben gave me hope . this is a great work , written with deep feeling
this book was extremely well written . it 's a gorgeous story and not cliched at all . what totally gets me is that after searching the web for a time , i have not been able to find anyone that has written on the connection between her book and the eugenics movement taking place in the 20 's . she most bluntly did not agree with eugenics at the end . for example , on page 233 , " and if all the gifts of life are good , perhaps , too , are all the shapes she chooses to take , and which we can not alter . " the book is filled with hints at the time period even though , after looking at countless reviews , the reviewers keep commenting on how her other books took from the time period and historical events and that lud-in-the-mist did not and it was a " fantastical " piece of literature . in my opinion , this book was totally based on the time period . there 's even a line by the blacksmith about how since he 's not " white " anymore he has come down in the world . if you 're looking for a cultural artifact of the 20 's , this is an astounding piece
my husband bought this book for me and i have to say it is not a book i would normally pick up . i also have to say...i loved it ! it was a very entertaining story with several plot twists along the way . i enjoyed the writing style and would highly recommend this book for taking on a relaxing trip this summer
a team of highly respected scientists is recruited and sent on the most exciting mission of their careers - they are to explore and catalog an expansive system of tunnels and caves deep below the earth 's surface in antarctica . they set off on their adventure only to learn that a team , like themselves , was sent on this same mission only 3 months prior and has never been heard from again . they also learn that what makes this set of caverns so exciting and sought after is that they contain diamonds larger and more plentiful than any mankind has ever seen . wealth of this sort has attracted both dedicated scientists and individuals with more menacing plans in mind . but these dangers are nothing compared to the beasts that are native to this subterranean world who are numerous and life threatening to the mission and the team . james rollins ' debut novel sets the stage for what has become his successful career writing scientific thrillers . he does a wonderful job of incorporating biology , archeology , geology , and other various earth sciences into an exciting and page turning novel . some of his subsequent novels are stronger than this first work , but subterranean does not disappoint and definitively sets the stage for his many books to come .
this rather strangely titled book is a tribute to the demand for elizabeth bishop 's work . it is a set of pieces gleaned from some 3,500 pages in the vassar college library collection . not exactly random ( but almost ) here are 108 poems , some prose , notes she took , some sketches , some facimilies of her papers , some sketches she made , and other pieces harder to describe . obviously this is a book that will appeal most to people who are already elizabeth bishop fans . this is more of a work in process . it tells more about her as a person , it illustrates the great effort she went to get her poems just right before sending them off for publication . it shows something of the way her mind worked . the work here is not ms. bishop 's best . it 's unfinished . some of the shorter pieces , fragments really , make you wonder where she might have taken it .
this book brought tears to my eyes the first time i read it . it is warm and comforting . a wonderful message for children that their mama will always be there no matter what. .
my fav essay was about &quot ; the&quot ; river . also , now when watching the evening news , the link between fire and flood makes alot of sense . thanks for the enlightenment
i was a reasonably big fan of the " wizard of oz " when i was a kid . i 'd seen the judy garland film , the " return to oz " film , my parents had taken me to a theatre production , and there used to be a cartoon series about dorothy and her friends that i quite liked . here in australia , though , you do n't see an awful lot of the wizard of oz books , and i missed out on all that as a kid . i managed to find a copy just recently of the the original story , and i really liked it . it 's really a shame i could n't find it earlier . dorothy is a girl who lives with her aunt and her uncle in the countryside of kansas . in the midst of a " cyclone " , dorothy , her dog toto , and her whole house are swept away to the land of oz , a beautiful but strange world full of all sorts of interesting creatures , good and bad witches , and a very famous wizard . dorothy tries to find her way home , and on the way makes many new friends , like the scarecrow , " tin woodsman " and the cowardly lion . will she ever make it home ? it 's rather different to the movie , i found . for one , the journey dorothy and her friends go on takes many days , whereas the in the judy garland film it seems to all take place much shorter . the magic shoes dorothy picks up in oz are silver here , and not ruby red like in the film . there are also a lot of other creatures and things in the book , like the queen of the mice , the hammerheads , and the dainty china people . though the world of oz seems pretty big in the film , it feels a lot bigger to me in the book . oz has a nice atmosphere too , i thought . it 's very cosy and familiar , and kind of evokes a kind of america the way that say c.s . lewis and j.r.r . tolkien evokes a kind of britain , if that makes any sense . north , south , east , west... in oz 's every direction there 's a new land to explore . you never know who you might meet , or how they 'll do things there . i quite like how laid back everyone is in oz . the way the munchkins and the people of the emerald city speak , for instance . i enjoyed finding out things about my favorite characters too , like how the tinman became made of tin and how the flying monkeys became slave to the wicked witch of the west , which is all described here . that reminds me , there is a little bit of fairy tale violence here , but nothing worse than you might find in " little red riding hood " . all in all , a great read , i thought . whimsical , colourful and fun . i do hope i can get my hands on some of the follow up books . good thing there 's amazon
this book was wonderful . the rich grandeur of the south is alive in this story of unimaginable dedication and love . this book had me teared up more than a few times . kobe bryant bought his wife a million dollar ring , noah simply wrote a notebook and read from it . read this book and you will know why true love can not be bought , duplicated , or imitated with money . philli
we know some things about saul of tarsus ( later named the apostle paul ) but a complete biography is always lacking because of sketchy and incomplete information . most everything we know from paul is from the dr. luke in the book of acts or paul 's epistles themselves . ii peter chapter 3 makes some very intriguing statements . peter , in some of his last earthly words before martyrdom , validates paul 's apostleship and states that some of his writings and teachings are difficult but that we should follow them . pollock 's book is presented as documentary-style reading since paul 's complete biography is not entirely clear . there is much the author states is inference or speculation . if you can respect that and not build doctrine and facts on where the evidence is fuzzy , i think this is an excellent book . one example of " fuzzy " facts that pollock considers is the age-old controversy over the authorship of the book of hebrews . the author of hebrews does not identify himself and scholars argue who wrote it . pollock speculates that paul , while imprisioned in acts ch . 24 for two years may have had time and motivation to write the book to the people he so desparately wanted to reach . with his imprisonment and his controversial style among the jews , he may have left his identity anonymous so he himself would not be a stumbling block to reach his jewish brothers . eternity will reveal who wrote the book of hebrews but it is certainly a plausible theory . overall , the greatest benefit in reading this book is to provide a better framework for understanding paul as he travels among the early churches and wrote letters to them correcting the various false teachings and problems that developed .
i 've been reading a chapter a day for over a yr . it 's a great motivator for the day ahead . i 've found this translation to be the best i 've read . other translations have been boring or too dense . this one was very powerful
this is the first novel by philip roth that i actually like . portnoy 's complaint was a good hundred-page novella , spread out over a three-hundred page book ; the other pages were filled with the dross of his political opinions , and his kvetching about his parents . operation shylock was also too pre-occupied with pushing a political agenda ( but just what agenda , we are never sure ) . this is roth 's primary fault as an author - he is too didactic . i find that i really do n't care much about what roth 's political opinions are . ironically , this is probably one of the attributes that make him a critical darling - it shows that he thinks " deep thoughts . "  the professor of desire is blessedly free of politics . in it , roth sticks with the subjects he knows best : sex and relationships . young david kepesh is a sexually frustrated young student . that changes while studying abroad in swinging london , where he finds that what they say about swedish girls is true . things take a turn for the worse after the end of his disastrous marriage finds him crushed by loneliness in new york . with the help of a psychiatrist , kepesh tries to discover if he will ever be able to commit to anyone or experience happiness . the professor of desire finds roth at a more mature place in his career . gone is the odious kvetching about his parents that polluted so much of portnoy 's complaint ; the parents in this book are treated with sympathy . at one point , a character points out to kepesh that there is no point in mining the workings of a jewish family for his fiction anymore . he is also less homophobic in this novel - but not much so . there are still things about roth 's style that take getting used to ; i do n't think there 's anything profound in his refusal to offset dialogue into separate paragraphs - it just makes it harder to keep track of who is speaking . however , the professor of desire is a short , lyrical novel that is the best of anything i 've read of his so far .
i am nearly finished with this book - i have n't been this mesmerized by a book in forever ! i would certainly recommend it
if you want to buy the book , go ahead , just be careful of superbookdeals , they take your money but do n't deliver and do n't answer emails . caveat emptor
hugh hewitt is right on target encouraging republicans to remain loyal to president george w. bush . we are confronted with a long term fight against islamic nihilists . the democrats who dominate that party nationally are essentially pacifists trapped in the mindset of the countercultural excesses of the 1960s . indeed , if the democratic party returns to power , the war on terror will be severely compromised---if not lost . even theological modernists like myself recognize that the republican party also best represents the values required to underpin a viable social order . and yes , we need to purify our ranks and rid ourselves of back stabbers like senator lincoln chafee . but what about the republican crybabies who threaten to severely damage the party if it fails to cater to their excessive demands ? these folks may be our greatest threat in the elections of 2006 . many of them possess a suicidal nietzschean streak . in their heart of hearts , they idiotically believe we should let the democrats win so that the republican party can be " purified . " the author has yet to sufficiently deal with this crisis . hopefully , he starts to do so real soon before it 's too late . the crybaby republicans are particularly dangerous concerning the explosive illegal immigration issue . a number of them come across as nativists who despise hispanics . we can not , however , forget that the children of numerous illegal aliens are often american citizens . they get to vote at the age of 18---and will most certainly seek revenge on the gop for harassing their parents . let 's get something straight : we are also not going to send an estimated 10-12 million people back to their original homeland . but are n't these individuals breaking the law ? human law is not about the striving for utopian perfection . yucky sausage making compromises are occasionally required . i may have a few complaints about hugh hewitt 's newest book . still , you need to purchase a copy . his overall advice is indispensable if you truly love your family and wish to protect the united states from ruin . david thomson flares into darkness
just when you think you 've got gemmell figured out , he turns the tables on you . fans of gemmell and jon shannow might find the book a bit slow at first , and something of a retread of previous jerusalem man tales , but be patient...the master has got some great surprises up his sleeve ! readers unfamiliar with shannow are strongly advised to go back and read the previous stones of power books before this one . you wo n't be disappointed . gemmell is one of the most important fantasy writers of the late 20th century
i have spent my life wishing that i could change things over which i seemed to have no control . rob explains that the reason for this is that my subconscious mind is holding on to old beliefs that are limiting me . he goes on to tell how psych-k is a safe , powerful , and simple way to change those beliefs using balances that integrate the hemispheres of the brain . it is prayer coming true for me quickly and lastingly . i have followed up reading the book by taking the basic and advanced training workshops and am using psych-k to find " peace " in my life and am helping others do the same in theirs . this book is written so that it is easy to read and very informative for someone like me who is looking for ways to improve their life
this book is not only interesting but gives a great deal of insight into life on " death row , " at least in the state of mississippi , and the appeals process involved with stays of execution and commutation of sentences . it touches on activities of the ku klux klan . it was my impression that the author leans toward those who favor the abolition of the death penalty . however , some sympathy is found for the victims of crime . the story centers on sam cayhall who is sentenced to death after several trials over a number of years following the crime . sam 's grandson becomes his attorney during the last months of appeal from " death row . " the latter part of the book leaves one wondering whether or not there will be an execution . meanwhile sam shows repentance and response to the prison 's chaplain . i found it to be one of the better john grisham books .
i just finished the book today and i will start out by saynig that this is a very good read . i will not spoil the plot if you have not read this book . oh , and this book is not scary , but it really is creepy . give it a go
this is wonderful ! it is for fans of laura ingalls wilder , and also for those who are interested in historic cooking - from prairie and colonial days which have their basis in so many of the cultures which settled america in the early days , and adapted for use there  this book is a very happy blend of the laura ingalls stories and the food which was eaten , interspersed with the recipes and how they would have been prepared and cooked . of course laura did n't include any of the actual recipes in her book and so they have gleaned from similar cookbooks and so on of the day . it has been adjusted to modern need for exact temperatures and measures . i found this book so lovely to read through , not just browse through . the interest factor is great - learning what things were available , and how they were used - baking soda , yeasts , how the oven was used , what cooking items they would have had access too as well as some of the stuff we should know but forget - seasonal food avaialble . but it is good as a simple recipe book . it is an incredible look at times gome past  one of my best reads in the last few years , i also bought a prairie cookbook which i would highly recommend as well - it is more of a recipe book than this one , but a lovely complementary book to it
we would expect a well balanced approach to writing about the work of the holy spirit in the church by the author who also wrote " tyranny of the urgent " and we get it ! in this book , charles e. hummel , former president of intervarsity christian fellowship , first reviews the history and growth of the various charismatic groups within both the protestant and catholic churches . he provides many valuable explanations of the meaning of related scriptures as well as observations of healings and prophecies that he himself has seen . he later gives his recommendations for keeping the holy spirit " fire in the fireplace " of a biblical church body . i came away encouraged in my own spiritual gifts and reminded that the more extraordinary spirit gifts have not disappeared and that " to each one is given the manifestation of the spirit for the common good .
i 'd definitely recommend it not only to the knowledge management professionals , but to the general public . it 's a fun and easy read .
blanchard and hybels and hodges team up for an excellent perspective on leadership from a christian point of view . while reaching out to the secular marketplace with valid concepts for servant leadership , they put together an excellent framework for leadership . the summary checklist , given on pp . 171ff. , offer a helpful concise summary of the book . the glaring omission , and one that i ca n't believe that hybels would make , is to clearly point out that following jesus ' style of leadership is absolutely impossible apart from first having a personal relationship with jesus , in other words , you ca n't lead like jesus if you do n't have him in your life to help you . i ca n't believe that there was n't at least an appendix for those who would like to pursue that issue further . i believe that the authors are posturing too much to get the secular audience to read the book . but for the christian , it is an excellent book
many novels of the african-american experience in the united states use the theme of " passing " . these novels generally involve a light-complexioned african-american who can " pass " for white . among other things , novels based on a theme of " passing " allow the character and the author to comment upon black-white relationships in the united states from both sides -- from the black experience and from the white experience . both white and black authors have made extensive use of the theme of " passing " . the earliest novel involving " passing " of which i am aware is by william dean howells in his short 1891 book , " an imperative duty " which dealt with an inter-racial marriage . the african-american novelist nella larsen wrote a novel titled " passing " set in the harlem renaissance . more recently , philip roth 's novel " the human stain " involves the story of professor coleman silk , a distinguished academic and student of the classics who passes for many years as white . coleman silk is the successor to the protagonist of james weldon johnson 's only novel , " the autobiography of an ex-colored man " written in 1912 . the unnamed protagonist of the book is an individual , like roth 's character coleman silk , with great intellectual and artistic gifts who is torn between the opportunities open to him as an , apparently , white person and his strong sense of black identity . like coleman silk and the characters in most novels involving the theme of " passing " , johnson 's protagonist marries a white woman and lives a life plagued with guilt regarding his abandonment of his heritage as an african-american . johnson 's short novel is , to my mind , the best written on the theme of " passing " , and it is a fine novel indeed . the book initially was published anonymously . the writing is so powerful and believable that many readers took the book for a true autobiography until johnson acknowledged his authorship in 1914 . many years later , johnson wrote his own autobiography , titled " along this way " in part to show that the story of his own life was not the story of the protagonist in the " autobiography " . johnson 's story shows how his protagonist goes back and forth , both internally and in the outward events of life , about whether to make his way in the white or in the black world . he ultimately finds himself successful but unhappy . in addition to the story line of the book , johnson uses the " passing " theme to allow many reflective passages by characters in the book on racial relationships in the united states early in the 20th century . the most famous such scene occurs as the protagonist travels in a " smoking car " for whites on a train in the segregated south . he participates in a discussion among several white men of varied backgrounds on the " race question " as it was viewed at the time . there is also a chilling scene in the book involving a lynching , the burning alive of a black person . johnson worked fervently in the latter years of his life to secure the passage of anti-lynching legislation in congress . but johnson 's novel includes a great deal more than a consideration of race issues . the book offers an outstanding picture of life in early twentieth century america -- in the south and in johnson 's beloved new york city . the book is filled with pictures of dives and gambling dens and of the trade of cigar making in both south and north . it is filled with the love of the piano and of classical music . most strikingly , the book has the spirit and feel of ragtime , which reached the height of its popularity during the years in which the book appeared . johnson shows great appreciation for this product of american culture . the book also illustrates some universal themes . the protagonist is troubled , specifically , by the conflict between his identity as an african-american and his wish to succeed as a white person . but the broader themes of the book are the consequences of lack of self-knowledge , the role of chance in human life , and the consequences of a certain sense of purposelessness and frustration , which plague many individuals separately from any consideration of race . johnson develops these themes eloquently and ties them in well with his theme of " passing " . johnson 's novel is an important work of american fiction which deserves to be read .
you , the reader , are the subject and the hero of calvino 's novel , an exercise in reader-response theory gone mad . calvino 's lively experiment begins by describing a reader ( that is , " you " ) reading calvino 's novel and , after this opening , " you " settle in to read the novel that you were " meant " to be reading--a noir mystery with a cliffhanger at the end of the first chapter . but all is not fair in the land of fiction ; the copy of the book has been misbound by the printer , so you have to rush to the store to get a properly printed book--only to find that the replacement is a different book entirely . after several tricks and machinations , you end up reading the beginnings of ten different books , written in ten different styles , yet all sharing place and character names and even themes . ( part of the fun is identifying the author being imitated : the most obvious segments mock borges , dostoevsky , and chekhov . ) while initially it seems that calvino assumes you are male , soon you are introduced to the other reader and " you " see the story through her eyes . both of you work to solve the mystery of the erratic book passages , and the pleasure of reading is heightened by romantic tensions between the two of you . the book alternates between the story fragments and the story of " you . " the repeated changes and interruptions in style and story can be baffling : " you ca n't get your bearings : the characters have changed , the settings , you do n't understand what it 's about , you find names of people and do n't know who they are . " it 's a bit like " groundhog day , " except that instead of being stuck inside the same day , you 're doomed to repeat ten different but terrifyingly similar acts of literature interruptus . well before the end of the novel , you realize that the real story is not to be found in any of the parodies ( mysteries , fantasies , and romances ) that you desperately try ( and fail ) to finish , but in the story of your reading experience itself--an experience made all the more complicated by the web of conspiracies engendered by the other reader , a reclusive popular writer , a charlatan churning out counterfeit books under the writer 's name , a sloppy and conniving translator , and various officials of repressive dictatorships . for the reader who does n't mind when an author attempts to describe your state of mind , calvino 's novel can be pure fun . the success of calvino 's task depends in no small part on whether the reading experience he describes recalls how you read a book ; i know that some readers find some of these passages alien ( " that 's not how i read books " ) , but for me the various descriptions of the reading experience were both perceptive and eerily familiar . this reader , too , found the first half of the book far more engaging than the second half ; later in the book , the gimmick inevitably wears a little thin and the detours that spoof publishing conglomerates , repressive governments , and state censorship were a bit more than this short novel could handle . and the " solution " to the puzzle , although fitting , has the oomph of the finale to a shaggy-dog story . no matter--if you enjoy metafiction , you might just recognize yourself in this clever book
this is my all time favorite book ! i have never found myself going through so many different emotions while reading one book . it is definately one of nicholas sparks bests
deadly feasts : tracking the secrets of a terrifying new plague by richard rhodes is one scary book . it tracks the discovery of prions , the mishapen proteins responsible for mad cow disease , scrapie , and creutzfeldt jacob disease . following human cannibals in the jungles of new guinea in the fifties , bovine cannibals of the british isles in the eighties , and the bizarre history of sheep scrapie from the 17th century on , rhodes does a great job of presenting the history and discovery of this bizarre group of diseases . i especially enjoyed the characterizations of the scientists , from the noble laureate who so enjoyed the new guinea that he often regretted rejoining civiliziation , yet brought thirty natives back to the usa and helped them through school , to the hyper-competitive scientist who named the molecules even though he was n't quite certain what they were . but this is n't just a story of scientific discovery . as the foreboding subtitle blares , rhodes explores some of the scarier aspects of prions . these include spontaneous formation , responsible for the known early cases of creutzfeldt jacob disease , trans-species infection , including mad cow disease and scrapie , the long long incubation period and lack of immune system response , and hardiness of the disease . one scary factoid : a scientist took a sample of scrapie , froze it , baked it for an hour at 360 degrees ( celsius ) , and was able to re-infect other animals from this sample . for all the uneasiness this book inspires , it certainly does n't offer any answers . a condemnation of industrial agriculture , a warning that it 's unknown whether vegetarians are even safe , and a caution against using bone meal for your flower garden do not make a recipe for handling this issue . to be fair , it was printed in 1997--perhaps things are under control now .
this book was very candid and well written . it shows that bob primary goal was to build a business , and become rich and he succeed . the idea that he sold it as a media for african american pride is what got him in trouble . pulley shows that it was &quot ; strictly business&quot ; mr. johnson need not so defensive , what he created made him rich , this book shows that wealth does not equal respect ? nevertheless he has $ 3 billion dollars and hopefully plenty of time to write a final chapter of which he can be prou
a good and clear illustrated guide to exercises with both machines and free weights . also the best methods for each body type outlined . you even get sample workouts for people at all levels of fitness and exercise development . the book shows exercises for each body part so you can develop your own routine and it also includes a log you can copy . the book includes routines for seniors and weight loss . there are some 300 color photos and you 'll learn how to do each exercise and what to avoid that may cause injury . a good book for anyone at any level of fitness who needs a complete , handy guide . being spiral bound it will go with you and you can easily use it daily . my one complaint is that some of the routines are devoted to using machines only and many people do n't belong to a gym but work out at home . for them , this creates a real problem
i use this book and/or refer someone to it almost every day in my line of work . i highly recommend it to anyone who works with color
having spent the last year in the near east , i found that reading this book gave me an incite that was most helpful to me and my collegues . while this book was written about the isreal-lebanon issue during the 1970 's-1980 's , though it just reared its ugly head once again in the last few months , it was as i said a great help to me to understand or at least better understand the arabic way of life and culture . with the world attention squarely on the near east we all , weather american , european , or other cultures throughout the world , need to know and understand the near eastern mentality , culture , and to some extend how the islamic religion plays into the everyday life and politics of that area . with this book being written by a jewish american and with thomas freidman 's understanding of the near east way of thinking gives the book a credibility others could only hope for . i recommend this book to anyone that is a student of the near east , politicians and military personnel , religious leaders , and anyone who wants a better understanding of the near east in general .
i just finished reading the handyman 's dream , by nick poff . i was completely blown away ! this is a great book . its about 2 guys who meet one another in small town indiana . after the first chapter you will want to have these fellas over for dinner . the story is very well written and has alot of innovative things in it that i havent seen in any other gay novels . i love the way the author integrates music and songs into the story . from the character norma ( ed 's mother ) and her quirky comebacks to the wonderful mrs. penfield , the novel will have you laughing and will touch a place deep inside you that few books do . this story also tells of the fears and struggles a gay couple had in the past , and one many still have today . i love the fact that its very g rated and a good read for not only gay folks but also straight folks...anyone who believes in the power of love . i wish while growing up i would have had a book like this one to show me that there is such a thing as good , healthy gay relationships . i highly recommend the handyman 's dream .
i 've always thought someone should do a retro coffee table book on a-frames . someone did . it 's perfect . the book has a great cover in cool 60s colors . inside is a detailed history with pictures , illustrations and everything one would ever want to know about a-frames . thank you chad randl !
anything by dave barry is genius - full of insight , uncannily funny , entertaining , and thought provoking . dave barry turns 50 makes a perfect small gift for 50th birthdays ( as does dave barry turns 40 for those a decade younger .
this is not a book about management . it is a wonderful exploration about how and why groups of individuals can and do make better decisions than individuals . it sets out some necessary conditions for this wisdom to be able to take place and then does some excellent analysis of why that happens . what i got out of this book was some very important ideas about why collaborative decision making is important and how to assure that it is done well ( if you want the other side irving janis ' old classic on groupthink is a good counterpoint . )  unlike a lot of other big idea books this one is very literate and readable . it is a joy to read but it also offers some very substantive ideas
just loved this book ! ! ! enjoy nora roberts books but this one is now at the top of my list . it is so suspenseful you can hardly wait to turn the next page to see what happens next . this mystery/love story is great and so well written . all the characters are so well developed they seem to come to life and just about jump off the page . very enjoyable reading ! ! ! !
if you 're interested in reproducing authentic costumes , you wo n't find a better guide to hats and bonnets than this book . i have n't found anything close to it . intended for collectors , it is full of photographs showing what women wore on their heads for the 200 year period covered . today a hat is usually something worn strictly to protect from inclement weather . until a generation or so ago , no woman felt dressed in public unless she wore some kind of hat . it 's a valuable addition to any costume library
to put this review into perspective for you , it is written by a serious student of cooking that has been actively studying food on their own for 25 years . i have been focusing on italian food for the last 10 years . my favorite cookbook is " the professional chef " by the culinary institute of america . if you are a serious home cook you will love this book . the photography in this book is nice and the food styling is beautiful . if you love to entertain and/or you want the meals you serve your family and friends to be gorgeous you will get so many ideas reading this book . the directions for the recipes are very thorough and well written . i believe that a serious beginner could follow these recipes without a problem . i have tried many of the recipes in this book all to rave reviews . i particularly enjoyed the chapter on foams . the " cream whippers " are expensive , but they are extremely fun to use . this book does not need to be used just for small bites . it is as simple as just making fewer portions from the same recipe . this book is highly recommended for anyone that is serious about cooking .
syl sobel is my nextdoor neighbor . this book is a wonderful resource for the whole family . it is illustrated , has a glossary for those hard to know terms and an index ! buy this book today !
with " dead watch " , sanford has delivered a political thriller that is fully worthy of mention alongside his popular police-procedural prey series . i share the booklist reviewer 's sentiment that sandford has produced a d.c. intrigue reminiscent of ross thomas ( a very good thing ! ) . my biggest beef with dead watch is the bland characterization of jake winter ( though sandford does do a good job of making winter not be lucas davenport ) ; nearly every other character has more personality-pizzazz . not to worry though , the madison bowe character and the breakneck speed of the story more than make up for that shortcoming . if i 'd been turning pages any faster , i 'd have probably started a fire .
charlie bone is n't your typical nine-year-old boy . although he did n't know that himself . but when photographs get mixed up and he ends up with a picture of a man and a little girl that talks to him , he knows everything that was normal about his life is gone forever . tracking down the picture , charlie finds out it belongs to miss ingledew , a woman who owns a bookshop and has been looking for her missing niece for years . she gives charlie a mysterious package ( that he ca n't open ) and sets him on his journey that will change everything in his world . as it turns out , charlie is one of the descendants of the red king , a mysterious person who had wondrous magical powers who went into hiding . the red king 's children have been equally divided between good and evil ever since . at bloor 's academy , charlie finds friends and enemies , and the challenge of his lifetime as he tracks down secrets others do n't want revealed . jenny nimmo is the author of five books in the charlie bone series and has written several other children 's books and fantasies . many people compare charlie bone to harry potter , and that 's a good comparison . but the two series are different . harry 's family is really non-supportive , but charlie has a loving mother , a doting grandmother , and uncle paton , who turns out to be something of a hero . the book is a fun , fast-paced whirlwind of mysteries , magic , and friendship . even at 400 pages , it feels like it 's over much too soon . there are a few jarring instances where the point-of-view was disconnected , moving from one character and one scene into another without warning . they were easily overlooked due to the pacing of the story , but noticeable all the same . fans who are waiting for the next harry potter book who have n't tried the charlie bone series are encouraged to do so . charlie 's story , although similar , has much to offer in reading excitement
this book sucks very badly ! as soon as i was on the second page i threw it in the fire place ! !
mr. bones is a very special dog , a dog who understands ingloosh and almost speaks it . a dog who is happy roaming about the country with his master , willie g. christmas . if willie is homeless , probably schizophrenic , certainly eccentric ; if they rarely have enough to eat ; if he does n't always understand willie 's metaphysical ramblings--what does that matter between a dog and his best friend ? alas , in the first chapter , willie is coughing up blood , and mr. bones knows that willie is going to die . the entire story is told through the point of view of this remarkable dog . is it the story of a dog ? or the story of willie ? or the story of life in america ? or a story about love , alienation , betrayal and loss ? well , it 's all of these . and what is timbuktu ? for that , you will have to read the book . i 'm not going to tell you . author paul auster is a genius with language . somehow he draws you into this improbable story and makes it believable . more than believable . compelling . does he really get inside the mind of a dog ? who am i to say ? i can only say that for me he makes the mind of a dog as believable and understandable as any other mind . some reviewers expressed disappointment with this book , but i thought it was wonderful . just let it speak in its own voice and take it for what it is and you will love it . i recommend timbuktu highly . reviewed by louis n. gruber
i bought this book for my son as a study guide , he is almost finished reading it for the first time , now he says he is going to go back and highlight key information that he will need on his exam . he is raving about this book , worth the money spent and a very good price
i saw the second title of this series at my local borders bookstore , and decided to try the first title . do not be fooled by the " young adult " category ; this book is also appropriate for full adults looking for a good read . though a little adolescent at times , this novel is still excellent , and i recommend it as a fun and fascinating fantasy
when peter s. lynch speaks , wise investors will listen . this book covers the famous fund manager 's career at the helm of fidelity magellan from 1977 to '90 , and post career into '92 . it 's far more introspective than " one up on wall street " and it was no doubt meant to be for this purpose . for example , there is n't nearly as much fundamental principles for stock picking outlined in this book as the former . my belief is that the reader would do best by reading " one up on wall street " first and follow up with this title , as its the newer of the two , regardless . peter 's style of writing ( with john rothchild ) is no-nonsense and easy to take in . to my knowledge three books have been published by the duo and all three have been entertaining and never dry . the reader can comfortably take in some very important stock-picking principles from one of the greats without feeling intimidated at any point . i think this is a sign of a well written book that covers a topic that is n't child 's play ( unless you like playing with money ) . and although this book does n't cover nearly as much technical information as the first , it still offers a lot of tasty tidbits for stock pickers . i made plenty of notes while reading " beating the street " , and i 'm confident that i 'll be well served by doing so . peter reiterates many of the guidelines he mentioned in his first best-seller , such as scrutinizing company earnings and the balance sheets , and he gives his wise opinion of picking bargain stocks that have lower p/es than their growth rates . overall , this title definitely deserves four stars , and his first book deserves at least five stars . lynch and rothchild have authored several investing books that will stand the test of time . you 'll sleep better with your investment decisions by having these valuable classics in your collection .
i purchased this book to read to my baby and it is just a sweet little tale about mommies and their mischievious babies . i ca n't wait until she is old enough to sit on my lap and really understand the story when i read it to her . i highly recommend it
briggs has perfected the art of the wordless book , and this is a great title to use to teach older kids how to do storyboarding for video or movie-making . compare the book to the video as a final " lesson " and students will see the intricacies of the craft . this newly reissued edition has a " sparkly " cover , and is sure to be a favorite for families with kids of all ages , as well .
never before have i been moved so completely by a simple reference book . the author skillfully weaves his understanding of our democratic system with a profound love for l. ron hubbard 's dianetics -- not an easy task . i bought this for my grandmother... and she hates books . that 's how good this is . &quot ; better than cats,&quot ; she says . i ca n't say i necessarily agree with her -- for starters , the private sector 's influence on public policy and decision-making is nowhere near as entertaining as mister mistofellees ' song and dance -- but who am i to argue with an old woman ? nobody , that 's who
this book sucks you in from page one ! it 's entertaining and witty ! no need for more detail
this is the real story about wall street firms and the way they look at their clients . beware that you may not like the way they look at you . it is a good wake up call for those who think their broker is always looking out for their best interests . very entertaining with great stories . you wo n't want to put it down !
this fiction of a plot against american jews is very interesting . it is well written and it holds your attention . the little boy telling the story and the intricacy of politics attached to the story make this novel a book you can not put aside . this is about an era of american history , and it is well documented . i recommend it to everyone : the older generation who lived thru it and particularly to the younger generation of people who are not familiar with this period ; it teaches that history is constantly in the remake and cultural differences are still a problem in our world .
lewis has written a fascinating study of the bean counter approach ,used by billy beane and the oakland athletics to construct a team of moderately priced players chosen on the basis of ,primarily , on base percentage for everyday players and the number of groundball outs and strikeouts for selecting pitchers . this approach generated a number of divisional championships for oakland in the weakest american league division,but no pennants and world championships.there are omitted variables and misspecification problems in the sabermetrics ( statistics ) approach of bill james used by beane.first,james 's system totally ignores the number of batter strikeouts.all outs are not equal.hitting flyouts and groundball outs will many times advance the baserunner if any previous batters got on base.hitting the ball also allows the baserunner to get on on an error.strikeouts are thus the worst type of out.this omitted variables problem can be dealt with by simply deducting 1 to 1.25 points from the on base percentage for every strikeout over,say,100 for a regular,everyday player who gets 600 official at bats over the course of the season.the second problem is that the james system does not differentiate between walks due to the hitting skill of the batter and walks used by the pitcher to set up forceplays and double plays,especially if he is a pitcher who gets a lot of ground ball outs.another category is needed-walks that are not followed by forceouts or double play groundouts and/or walks where the runner is able to steal second base.these walks are different from the walks given to a 40 homer player who strikes out 150 + times a year and hits .250 but has a .375 obp . james 's system needs to be adjusted to take into account these two factors
i finally know what makes for good comic book inks after reading this book . gary martin comprehensively outlines all the elements of comic book inking including the various techniques , styles and methods that the pros use . plenty of samples from his own work and that of others . if you want to learn how to ink comic book art or you just want to know what distinguishes good inking from bad , i highly recommend this book . the production values , art and cover are also very professional
i am a longtime jance fan and was n't disappointed with dead wrong . any complaints would be the overemphasis on joanna 's pregnancy with a concomitant under-emphasis on tension and suspense ( great ending , though ! ) . butch is effectively out of the way in this installment as he promotes his book , but also comes across as overly self-absorbed , especially when his obnoxious parents show up and his wife is poised to deliver their child . jenny , too has little to add to the story . but joanna shines , as usual . nice to see such a reliable , ethical , and strong female protagonist
do n't get me wrong this was a really good book . and i am so close to giving it 5 stars . it was just a little too short for me . the story invloving the ball game was great and showed why baseball is so pure at its core . the only thing that was lacking in the story was the story outside of the game . you will fly through this book , it is a good story and you will feel satisfied after reading it , even after that mild short coming i mentioned . just my opnion , i could be wrong
i liked this book because it was quick and easy to read , but also had more in-depth information in the back . each month , there is a chart of symptoms to let you know what is important to go to the er , call your doc , or wait 24 hours to check . there were great decision guides that presented both sides . i like that i know a reputable hospital stands behind the book , as well . i have 6 pregnancy books , but this one is my favorite
background i read isaac 's storm , by erik larson , around 1998 . recently i had occasion to thumb through it again which has prompted this review . larson covered three killer hurricanes , two killer blizzards and one flash flood . galveston and related hurricanes my first impression was that anyone who had read this book , about a major hurricane , would never consider riding out such a storm . larson painted a frightening story of brick homes and brick schools being torn apart by the surging waters . isaac cline was the u. s. weather service chief at galveston at this time . this book gives much detail on the galveston storm . this hit the island in september 1900 , with very little warning . indeed it was the arrogance of the u. s. weather service in general , and issac cline , their station chief for this area , in particular , that essentially preempted any warning . " cline was one of the 'new men ' , a scientist who believed he knew all there was to know about the motion of clouds and the behavior of storms . " first , the u. s. weather service refused to pay any attention to any inputs from cuba . the u. s. weather service had men stationed in cuba who " said the storm was nothing to worry about . " cuban 's " own weather observers , who had pioneered hurricane detection , disagreed . " secondly the u. s. weather service insisted that , any storm warning had to come from the washington office , with absolutely no exceptions . finally isaac had the conviction , and public position , that no hurricane could ever hit galveston , as they would be steered north before reaching as far west as galveston . with such a position cline had no motivation to try and influence headquarters . larson cited two older hurricanes in his book . * september 16 , 1875 - " the storm raised an immense dome of water and shoved it through indianola , pushing the waters of the gulf and matagorda bay inland until for 20 miles the back country prairie was an open sea . " this storm took 176 lives . * august 20 , 1886 - this storm completed the destruction of indianola . so many residents were killed that the survivors abandoned the town completely . in 1891 , " in the wake of a tropical storm that galveston weathered handily " cline was asked to appraise the city 's vulnerability to extreme weather . isaac wrote : " the opinion held by some - - - that galveston at some time will be seriously damaged by some such disturbance is simply an absurd delusion . " he made this statement in spite of the fact that the maximum elevation of galveston island , at that time , was an almost trivial 8.7 feet above sea level . he made it also in spite of the two killer hurricanes hitting and destroying the town of indianola , about 150 miles southwest of galveston on matagorda bay . cline had a " model " of gulf hurricanes , namely that no hurricane could ever hit galveston , as they would be steered north before reaching as far west as galveston . his " model " of these storms was clearly fatally flawed , or politically influenced , and it resulted in 6,000 to 10,000 deaths . larson suggests there was a " scent of boosterism " behind this article , and that he was writing an article that galveston promoters would be happy to see . could this have been a harbinger of things to come ? could cline have been the first government weather scientist to prostitute himself by writing favorable papers on the weather for his sponsors ? then the storm hit . both the u. s. weather service and isaac cline looked very arrogant before the storm , and also in defending their overall performance , after the storm . other extreme weather events larson also covered two blizzards and one flash flood in his book in this book . * hail and flash flood , august 1885 - " a severe downpour near san angelo , including hailstones the size of ostrich eggs , killed hundreds of cattle and created a flash flood with an escarpment of water that isaac estimated to be 15 or 20 feet high . " * blizzard , november 1888 - this surprise blizzard destroyed 150 vessels off new england , and caused the death of 450 . * blizzard , january 1899 - " this blizzard swept much of the south . icebergs 10 feet high flowed down the mississippi past new orleans . " this storm even hit galveston and piled snow on it 's beaches and drove water out of the bay into the gulf exposing portions of the bay bottom . conclusion isaac 's storm shows the incredoble wrath of hurricanes , 105 to 125 years ago . it also depicts the incredible spectrum of extreme weather events , also of the same vintage . all in all a most interesting and rewarding book , one that i would recommend highly .
terrier will not disappoint tamora pierce fans ! the narration is done through first person , told as a journal . this is particularily challenging for authors to do well as it is easy to loose the flow of the story , and difficult to account for actions the narrator has n't seen . but tamora has performed her usual magic , snatching up the readers ' interest from the first page and holding it until the last ( i even read all of the notes pages and the bio ) . readers may find it difficult to put down . once again it will be hard to wait for the next boo
this is the third book i have read by grisham , and so far i have really enjoyed each one . grisham really knows how to write a good legal thriller . this book does not have any courtroom/court-case scenes , which i really enjoy , but it still kept my attention very well . grisham gives you just enough " inside details " to keep you guessing without actually telling you the answer . for example : at one point , the clues seemed to point to fletcher coal being involved in the killings , but that was way off the mark in the end . this characteristic of grisham 's writings makes for a very enjoyable read . one of my few complaints about this book is the sudden romance between gray and darby . they had hardly even met before they seemed to become attracted , then it very quickly blossomed into an open show of affection , even though at the same time , darby was supposedly mourning for thomas . even so , that is probably the main thing that seems wrong about this book , and it does not detract from the overall quality very much at all . overall , this is a very captivating , page-turner book that really holds your attention . i highly recommend it , as well as grisham 's other books . so far , i have found grisham to be an awesome writer of legal thrillers . i promise that you will not be disappointed . read and enjoy
i bought this book because my mother is dying and i needed to know more . kessler has a wonderful way of delivering this knowledge . he is thorough in imparting this knowledge and does so with total compassion for the dying and the living . i underscored many passages in this work and especially appreciated someone telling me ( chapter 8 ) what can i expect in the way of physical signs as mom goes through the dying process . this book is very user friendly having a very readable quality . i strongly recommend it
this collection of stories and essays by david sedaris definitely contains a lot of variety . overall , i found the way the stories were dripping with sarcasm delightful . some stories were a bit dry , but others such as " santaland diaries " and " diary of a smoker " had me laughing out load . however , the best stories i found were the ones such " season 's greetings to our friends and family ! ! ! " which i had to think about before fully understanding and laughing at their humor . i would definitely like to read more of sedaris ' works , especially those based on his real-life experiences as , overall , i found the collection of essays in this book more entertaining than the stories
guys and dolls is a fantastic musical , and this vocal selections book is a good representation of it . unfortunately , some songs like marry the man today , my time of day , follow the fold and the oldest established have been left out from the book , but that is the price you pay , or rather do n't pay , when you do n't buy the full vocal score . however , this book will satisfy fans of the show , complete with pictures from the original 1950 broadway production , the 1955 film , and the new 1992 broadway revival . definately , this book is a good buy
courtesy of ck2s kwips and kritiques  nicolae carpathia continues his reign of terror over the world , destroying any who dare to oppose him . followers of carpathianism suffer one indignity after another with their water supply being turned to blood and their bodies breaking out in hideous boils and sores . angels of god appear to believers all over the world to encourage them and keep their faith strong . the tribulation force continues to resist carpathia as they prepare for what is expected to come... the ultimate desecration of the church by the false god . this story started to pick up again after the two previous books failed to keep this reviewer 's interest , who was glad to discover that continued determination to read the whole series was worth it . there are more examples in this installment of what attracted millions to the left behind series . characters continue along the lines drawn for them by their personalities , with readers taking pleasure in experiencing the continued adventures along with the trib force and tsion ben judah . however , be forewarned , the culmination of certain characters ' individual stories will make readers sit up and shout " what the heck was that ? " or " that is what happens to them ? "  the story continues with plenty of adventure for the players and the natural progression of their faith... or lack thereof . desecration will captivate readers enough to make them hold on to find out what will happen next . ? kelley a. hartsell , january 2006 . all rights reserved
the author brought more than the story of the battle to light . he was able to give insight into the lives of the sailors and their thoughts during the battle
&quot ; i&quot ; is for i think you would like this book if you read it . it was a little bit wordy at the beginnig but each page gets better than the one before . you will be glad you got past the first few pages because it gets a lot more interesting as you go along . and the ending of this book is really something else , it makes the whole book well worth reading . i really liked the book and i think you will too
you know that guy down the street who acts awful snake-like ? what about the cashier at walmart who is catty ? and there are always people in our lives that could easily be one of many species of monkeys . neil gaiman shows through fiction that there may be more to these strange characters in our lives than we realize . in this novel , gods ( which represent animals ) roam the earth in the bodies of humans . the main character is the clever , trouble-loving spider who interacts with other animal-gods in everyday human life . this book , along with other science fiction books , has given me an appreciation of the creativity of the human imagination . the strong point of this novel is the humor employed by neil gaiman . on par with douglas adams , the author of anasi boys fills the pages with quirky , pop-culture laden humor . the main character , fat charlie , i found much in common with . his awkward moments with friends , family and everyone else reveal a social insecurity that many are familiar with . the story , however , is n't anything special . i like witches and animal-gods as much as the next guy , but the plot is uninteresting . it is a rare book that combines wit with plot , and this is not one of those rare books .
wow..i love this book ! the recipes are creative and the presentations beautiful . i love the simplicity of each recipe , which give the warmth and richness of traditional old fashioned taste with a twist of the class &amp ; sophistication of today 's refined culinary experience ! sara 's food philosophy and the atmosphere she has created in her market has been my dream . i 'm living it through her cookbook right now
the use of an integrated development environment [ ide ] for a user to learn a language in , and to then program within , is well known . microsoft has made powerful ides for its languages . and the open source eclipse can be used for java . along these lines , ducasse offers his book . it teaches smalltalk using the squeak ide . the twist is that squeak uses the visual metaphors of robots and robot factory , to convey the crucial concepts of objects/classes . as ducasse explains , squeak can be directed at an audience that is perhaps of high school age or even younger . so a clear visual feedback between example code and what the student sees then happen is vital , given her limited background and possibly limited attention span . squeak uses smalltalk in part because that is a very minimalist language . if you come from c + + , java or c # , you may be struck by its simplicity , compared to the oodles of classes and notational intricacies of those languages . which of course also makes it easier for a young student to learn smalltalk or squeak itself . i wonder a little about the book itself , though . a motivated high school student could easily use it . but for some younger students ? in that situation , it may well be that the book could be best directed at a teacher , who can then instruct from it
a very straight forward book by jim otto . there is a price when one wants to achieve or aspire to achieve glory on the gridiron . jim otto is that person and he candidly tells us what he was willing to sacrifice to reach that plateau . for the raider fan at heart , or a football fan in general , this is the book to read
skeleton man is another success for tony hillerman . the usual well-planned mystery to solve , and more about three of my favorite characters , joe , jim , and bernie who appreciate the desert so much
in this fascinating collection of essays , dr. dalrymple proposes a compelling thesis . over the last twenty-five years a new type of underclass has emerged in western societies , an underclass that uses the welfare system in all its forms , subsidised housing , free by-weekly pay checks , child support and free medical benefits . from a liberal political standpoint , this support for the nation 's " have nots " is a compassionate gesture to take care of its own poor . one would logically assume that providing the poor with life 's essentials would bring the crime rate down and provide incentive for these people to further their standing in society . in fact , as dalrymple proposes , it has had an opposite effect : crime in his native england has skyrocketed ; drug use is at an all time high and domestic violence is a wide spread common occurrence . why ? liberal values not economics has created individuals that deny any responsibility for their own lives , it is always the rich , the government or societies institutions that is to blame , thus crime continues to rise while england 's welfare state has grown into an unwieldy goliath . dalrymple has worked in numerous countries and has been an attending physician and psychiatric consultant in london 's prisons for many years . thus his thesis is not born from some abstract social theory about human behaviour . he has treated thousands of victims of domestic violence , consulted thousands of prisoners who have been incarcerated for petty crime to murder . the common thread that runs through all these cases is a pathological denial of responsibility for their own circumstances or conditions . as dalrymple explains :  " like so many modern ills , the coarseness of spirit and behaviour grows out of ideas brewed up in the academy and among intellectuals - ideas that have seeped outward and are now having their practical effect on society . the relativism that has ruled the academy for many years has now come to rule the mind of the population . " ( p.85 )  in other words , this post modern notion that there is no high and low art , no good and bad , no subtlety and crudeness , only relative perspectives ; taking this further , our behaviour too is not individually determined , but society and its oppressive inequalities that make me who i am , and a biological predisposition which causes me to steal from the old lady next door , beat my wife beyond recognition and consume drugs and alcohol like there is no tomorrow . the trickling down of these academic theories , biological determinism , marxism and the post modern theory that there are no levels of hierarchical values , only difference , has created an underclass of victims who believe they should get something for nothing and commit crime because society has created them as victims as self-determinism does not exist . dalrymple provides numerous real life examples from his practice working in a hospital in london . his writing style is straight forward , at times literary but never sentimental . the arguments in these essays are persuasive and push the reader to examine the underlying modern ideologies that have created and sustain a well provided for underclass of criminal " victims " .
this is a pretty good book . however , i would have liked it better if the focus would have remained on the effect of lincoln 's depression on his life and that of his family rather than a psychological perspective
a fraudulent marine biologist , whose wife is about to expose his cover-up of phosphate pollution of the florida everglades , tries to kill her by throwing her overboard from a cruise ship . unknown to him she survives and haunts him to punish him . it 's a wonderfully comic page-turner , although the plot runs out of steam towards the end and the practical jokes played on the would-be murderer become repetitious . a few ends are left loose . it challenged comparison with the florida novels of elmore leonard , such as " maximum bob " and " stick " but it does not quite live up to the master . some of the humor contrasting weird and wacky floridians with stolid upper midwesterners seemed to derive from david barry ( and euripides , ovid and tasso used the maiden-rescued -from-sea-monster gimmick ) . i thought this was his best since " striptease . " the intervening ones have been too incoherently plotted and ( although i 'm a tree-hugging whale- lover myself ) overloaded with environmentalist politics . incidentally , is n't releasing alien snake species into the wild an environmental no-no ?
i really do n't understand all the negative reviews about this book . i found it an easy to read pleasant mystery , with a main character in midlife turmoil i wanted to sympathize with . j . a. jance did an excellent job keeping the pace reasonably fast , while not losing the reader with extraneous characters .
in the month that i have been puting the teaching into practice,i have felt better like i have n't felt in eleven years . my weight is going down and my energy is increasing . i am getting a lot of compliments , and someone told me i look more like 31 than 51 which is my real age
this is a simple , yet heartfelt and elegant tale of the lives and struggles of women in rural china of the 1920s and 1930s . the story centers on pei , who as a young girl , is sold by her parents to work in a silk factory . the story evolves as pei befriends other women in the silk factory , participates in a strike for fair working conditions , reconnects with her family , loses loved ones , and escapes from advancing japanese soldiers . the plot is succinct and the characters are interesting , varied , and believable , if perhaps lacking somewhat in psychological depth . socio-cultural aspects of life in 1920s-30s china are elegantly woven into the plot . themes of friendship , love , and courage are convincingly presented . overall , the book is a captivating read , and strongly recommended .
this thing sat on my shelf , half-read for the longest time . only the notice of the upcoming release this november of pynchon 's next got me motivated enough to dig into it again . it 's not that it is n't brilliant . no one else around can dazzle you with so much wit and wonder . the first encounter with the talking dog is as magical as anything you 'll ever read . and it 's not like this is the only pynchon novel that takes some effort to get into . there are plenty of folks who have had to to take a couple cracks at v or gravity 's rainbow before catching the wave . but mason and dixon is a lot of work , if for no other reason than the effort it takes dealing with the mid-18th century prose style . ( can you imagine the effort it took to produce it ? ) john barth 's sotweed factor is similar , and yet somehow infinitely more accessible ( and highly recommended ! ) . pynchon 's gift for rapid exposition is not necessarily suited to the constraint on verbal glibness . especially in a work this voluminous . and yet the darn thing is consistently challenging , if one has the patience and energy to put into it . it seemed to me that the beginning and ending were the best parts , but this could very well have everything to do to the enthusiasm one brings to a new book , and the emotional satisfaction one gain 's when reaching towards the conclusion . one thing for sure , for once pynchon truly has plotted out and delivers a conclusion worthy of the whole work , as opposed to suddenly rushing out a trap door and leaving the reader in a state of suspension ( which of course is also one of the many delights of his first three novels ) . this time one gets the sense that the author has a good deal of affection for his featured players . this book is a great as you want it to be , if you 're willing to work at it . i 'm just looking forward to the next one being a little more nimble . ( meanwhile , i 've got a couple months to see if i can make more of a dent into the recognitions .
this is a great book . i will not go into so much detail as the previous reviewers , but i must give credit where it is due . having read many books on the subject of the bush white house including , " fiasco , " and " state of denial , " i did not think i would learn much more from this one . i bought the book a few days ago , mainly because i like david corn . when i read it i was pleasantly surprised at how insightful it is . i think along with the two books i mentioned earlier , this trio make up the essential reading on bush , iraq , and everything that can be encompassed in those broad categories . if you could only read one , i would call it a dead heat between , " hubris , " and , " state of denial . " if pressed i suppose i would have to give the edge to hubris , as the writing was much less tedious i thought .
this audio-book was fantastic . it took off like a horse out of the starting gate at the kentucky derby and never let up . vincente callabrese is a part time enforcer/collector for the mob and part time movie producer student . when vincente is asked to produce one of his classmates screen plays this is a start of a new career for vincente . first a name change , from vincente callabrese to michael vincent . then it 's off to hollywood where he rapidly becomes one of the hottest producers in the movie business . unfortunately , michael has a hard time shaking his past . when he tries to buy the movie rights to a novel and is refused , he asks his old friend tommy povenzano for help . tommy assures michael the he will help . this is the start of all of michael 's problems . in typical woods fashion this novel is a mover . though this novel is n't full of excitement , it will keep you on the edge of your seat wanting to see what happens next . it does n't take long between incidents . the bottom line here is that this is a book not to be missed . choke dead in the water orchid beach  these are all other options by mr. stuart and i would recommend any of them . though this book has not won any awards mr. woods won the edgar alan poe award in 1982 and was nominated again in 1992 . once you have read or listened to this book you will understand why .
amy tan writes about wonderful people . amy tan creates exceptional characters . amy tan will write you a story that is so rich and clear you can almost touch it . that is what i love in reading amy tan . as your average southern white female , i 'm not exactly versed in the world of amy tan 's characters . but she takes me there . i find myself so completely involved in the world she writes about that i forget where i am . is n't that why you pedalled your bicycle to the library in the summer when you were a kid ? amy tan will remind you of that sense of discovery you had back then , when you were reading all the great classics for the first time and the discovery of it all was an addictive thrill that kept your library card smoking and well worn with use . she has a gift in her storytelling for expanding the universe . read this book .
i fail to understand the complaints of two previous reviewers . this beautiful glossy volume is an excellent compendium of previosly publisned cook 's illustrated recipes . in style and format it would make an excellent first choice for anyone wishing to be introduced to a selection of the best of the best recipes from america 's teet kitchen ( i. e. cook 's illustrated ) without the tediousness of having to wade through lengthy descriptions of how the recipes were arrived at . the cooks at america 's test kitchen test each recipe up to fifty ! times , often in several versions before arriving at the what they ( and their taste testers ) feel is the very best recipe . no other cookbooks offer this degree of security to the home cook . chapters include : starters and salads , soups and stews , vegetables and side dishes , eggs and breads , pasta , meat , poultry , seafood , and desserts . throughout , are guides and charts to everything from grains to the best bakeware ( also kitchen tested ) . the recipes range from familiar comfort food ( e. g. buttermilk mashed potatoes , glazed meatloaf , and deep-dish apple pie ) to " show-off " company fare ( e.g . baked brie en croute , grill-roasted chinese style duck , and dark chocolate mousse ) . if your looking for recipes that work everytime , do yourself a favor and purchase any cook 's illustrated cookbook , including this one . you wo n't be dissappointed .
the book was very well writtem with great information on the amazing economy of china . the book is a must read for anyone interested in business or economy fields .
i highly recommend this book . it has changed the way i look at life and spirituality . nearly every line in the book is filled with profound meaning . additonally , the style is clear and the ideas accessible for anyone who is truly interested in spiritual fulfillment . i am at greater peace with the world since having read this book .
this bible blew me away when i went hunting for one a few months ago to give to a youth who had come into my life . i was so impressed , i bought one for myself . this bible is many things , but the first thing that i noticed , quite honestly , is that the colors were bright , the print readable , and the illustrations far less serious and far more engaging than your typical bible . without growing to an unwieldy size , the editors manage to throw in a wealth of study information , written in a modern , friendly style , that helps make even the dryest or most confusing parts of the good book both understandable and relevant to today 's society . that is what makes it perfect for someone , like my young friend , who is unfamiliar with religion , christianity , or just plain old bible study . it 's less intimidating that most bibles and all material is presented in such a manner that you do n't feel " unprepared " if you pick it up cold . catholics are often les familiar with the bible than many protestant denominations , as we have a wholistic focus that is both valuable and worthwhile--however , a better relationship and understanding of the word can only enhance one 's spiritual life and experience as a catholic . if that applies to you ( which , i have to admit , it did to me ) this is a wonderful way to get your feet wet in biblical translation , discussion , interpretation , and modern relevance . who wo n't like this bible ? 1 - those more familiar and attached to more formal translations such as the king james version 2 - those already familiar with intensive bible study , if not working with youth or those less familiar 3 - most protestants...the discussion is from a very clear catholic viewpoint...not really controversial , just catholic 4 - and traditionalists who are offended by the idea of making the bible " accessible " and " relevant " through use of the lingo/parlance and point of view of today 's under-25 set . i believe one reviewer felt that the bible did n't need to be made culturally relevant , finding the sidebars on race , cultural differences , modern morality , and varying interpretations to be just another extension of the " political correctness " movement . i could n't disagree more . the bible should be the one book that everyone can " see themselves " in should they seek such a thing . this bible does that for a new generation of catholics and for a new , hesitant group of explorers . i 'd ballpark the appropriate age for this version at around 13-35 years
i handsold so many copies of this book that my local bookstore accused me of emptying out the warehouse so they could n't order any more . reid strives for a journalistic impartiality here but he is so excited by the current evolution of political life in europe that he carries you along . i especially love the story of little portugal , which has unilaterally decided that drugs are no longer a criminal matter but a medical one . the us could learn from that example , and from many other european examples in this book . when you read the story about ge and honeywell , you 'll realize we 're going to have to , because they 're going to teach us whether we want to learn or not
stephen king has made another novel full of horror and suspense . the biggest storm ever is about to hit a town called little tall island in maine . while this storm is occuring a strange gentleman named andre linoge stops to visit . he walks up to a home owned by an old woman martha clarendon . linoge charges in the old womans home and brutily murders her . later , he purposly lets the police department arrest him
currently , educational studies are being revealed , which are showing that students of minority heritage ( particularly black and latino ) have an affinity towards interpersonal learning and tactile learning  interpersonal = learning through being social and group work  tactile = learning by building or constructing things  our current educational institutions , especially high school and below , cater to auditory ( hearing ) and intrapersonal ( introverted , little group work ) learners  so in total , poverty and language barriers are likely not the biggest culprit towards our low school scores , in areas of economic problems ----- rather , it is the fact that teachers are not teaching to the strengths of our children - as a matter of fact , most children are being taught within the areas of their learning weaknesses  with that in mind , frames of mind is one of the first books to distiguish the way we learn and how to cater to it  within this book lies the best solutions to our educational system , and its only a matter of getting the teachers to facilitate their lesson plans differently  i highly recommend this book - especially to those who are interested in seeing what the future of america is all abou
i have purchased probably 5 business plan books and software packages over the last 8 years . none of them were clear enough or easy enough to get me through the process of writing a good , complete business plan . this one really works . i sat down with the book and software , and over the course of a week , wrote a business plan that has received great results . every business owner needs a business plan and this is somethig that you really do have to do for yourself . unfortunately , writing a good business plan does not come easily to many people . this book will get you through the process , and you will end up with a good plan . my only complaint is that the software is windows only
i love this book . i listened to it on tape . the storey started out a tiny bit slow but oh is the story good ! i recommend this book to anyone who likes romance , not real graphic but very sweet , and suspense . oh this book is so good . hammond cross is the ideal man and dr. lad is just as sweet and classy as can be . the end is the best . hammond struggles with doing what is right and what is ethical . very good book ! two thumbs up to ms. brown !
i found this book in a little store in a vacation spot . i thought is was the cutest , most unusal selection of dogs and sayings i 've ever seen . it 's the kind of book that just lifts your spirits and makes you feel good all over . a wonderful gift for any dog lover in your life . wonderful photos and inspirational dialogue . you just want to keep picking it up and perusing the contents . fun book
the book was excellent , as i knew it would be because i like the author , wendell berry . and the service could not have been better : the book is in excellent condition ( like new ) and came in an amazingly short time
my order arrived quickly and for a used book it was in excellent shape , looking like new . i wo n't hesitate to order from this company again . thank yo
this is the best rich dad book to date . the book is filled with priceless information that 90 % of people in the u.s. ( particularly baby-boomers ) are clueless about today . most rich dad fans will know that kiyosaki 's books tend to talk about the same general principles and do n't touch on many new and groundbreaking concepts . this book , however , is the exception . i learned so many eye-opening things from this masterpiece . it has truly changed my life and the way i look at money . do yourself a favor and buy this book .
best of the series so far . alternating the action between the two older siblings in one chapter and sunny in the next really worked for me
i listened to isaac 's storm on cd while painting a room , and it made the time fly ! the cd rendition was clearly spoken and had excellent production value . that said , i also loved the story . i am a weather-hound , and i enjoyed the detail of the way in which the nation maintained it 's weather bureau . ( i had recently read " the children 's blizzard " and i would consider this as a nice companion book for we weather-hounds . ) the descriptions from survivors was threaded effectively along with a panoramic view of the galveston tragedy . i have not read the book , but i found the cd riveting .
in his book trading risk , ken grant draws upon his experience as a risk manager for tudor investments and sac capital to create an insightful and surprisingly non-technical guide for traders and portfolio managers . as director of trader development at a large proprietary trading house , i have been impressed with the role risk management plays in the success of the firm and its individual traders . moreover , this is a scalable difference : risk management very much impacts the outcomes of individual trades , results of trading days , and performance across entire quarters . where i believe grant has admirably succeeded is in documenting that risk management is much more than simply " cutting your losses " . trading risk systematically breaks down elements of the process of managing trades , from the establishment of concrete objectives to the allocation of risk capital to specific trades and the use of correlation analysis in evaluating trading results . his discussions of adjusting portfolio exposure and evaluating the risk components of individual trades are highly practical and encourage a rigor of self-analysis that is rarely practiced . perhaps an example from my own work with traders that overlaps grant 's ideas might be illustrative . i encourage traders to keep a log of all their trades that tracks time of day , position taken , position size , holding period , and profit/loss ( p/l ) . changes to the position are also documented , as traders scale into or out of trades . from this record , we can evaluate a host of performance statistics , such as position sizing as a function of market volume/volatility , the correlation of profitability with trade size/holding period , and patterns of activity within the trading day . while grant 's background is with portfolio management-appropriate to a manager who is holding a basket of positions in a variety of equities-his ideas are easily adaptable to the intraday trader who is trading a single instrument . by viewing each trade during a day as an element of that day 's " portfolio " , we can ask important questions about the mix of position sizes , overall directional bias , and the management of volatility as a function of trade capital/loss limits . written in an engaging style with bits of humor interspersed , trading risk ends with a practical chapter that summarizes the book 's major points . he explains the importance of developing and modifying trading plans , defining one 's trading " edge " , judiciously allocating risk capital , and improving performance " at the margin " . this latter point is a particularly neglected element in risk management . for the active , large trader , the ability to squeeze the extra tick out of trades is frequently the difference between a winning day and a losing one . superior traders have an ability to read the very short-term patterns of price change and momentum to determine when it is prudent to hit the bid or let the market go offer in exiting a position . at such points , good risk management and good trading are indistinguishable . i have few reservations about grant 's book . a text of 250 pages is not going to provide many workbook-like examples , something that would help the more mathematically challenged master the ideas of value-at-risk and correlation analysis . small retail traders who trade only occasionally will probably find the risk metrics less compelling than larger , active traders or portfolio managers , though the basic principles emphasized in the last chapter certainly apply to any serious trader . considering the absence of serious discussions of risk management in the popular trading literature , trading risk is a major contribution and a worthy addition to a library . i plan to use it as a core reading in our training program for new traders , perhaps the best endorsement i can give .
once again i am amazed by the amount of controversy associated with a book addressing a religious subject . i bought this to get a better feel for the old testament [ operative word is " feel " ] . as a roman catholic , the old testament is addressed in the first reading at mass , but then brushed over for the most part in a cursory manner . it is particularly confusing , hard to read , and difficult to understand in proper context , without some help . in fact there are portions of the old testament that just seem cruel and ridiculous . davis 's book helps to demonstrate that it was written by people , in a certain time and place , and within a historical milieu . it may not maintain the historical accuracy some may like , but it is sufficient to be effective . it is just too simplistic to look to the bible for all answers ; as if it were some sort of statutory code , with the answers to all questions . the search and answers for truth are never ending , and the bible is a beginning . i get more from catholic writers who explore the bible and the traditions of my religion relative to our world , than i do from the book itself . davis is throwing in his spin , as well as a pretty accurate assessment of the bible in historical context , which i found quite helpful . take it for what is worth , a spin in a convertible through the bible . a nice ride , but nothing more .
i was fortunate enough to have seen the now-legendary vermeer exhibition at the national gallery of art in washington , d.c. during the winter of 1995-96 . 21 out of the 35 ( or 36 ) extant paintings by vermeer were included in the show , offering a unique opportunity to see the bulk of vermeer 's amazing works in a single space , something that no one has experienced since 1696 , when @ 20 of his paintings were auctioned in delft . given the rarity and fragility of vermeer 's works , it is unlikely that such an event will ever be repeated . all who were unable to make it to the show , however , have this splendid book as a document of this unique event . this book will remain the standard work on vermeer for many decades , and represents the fruit of several years ' labor by art historians on two continents . because so little is in fact known about vermeer the man ( in truth , we have no idea at all what vermeer 's education , interests , and personality were like ) , the catalogue essays fill this gap by contextualizing vermeer 's work within the history of dutch painting , the development of perspective , and the fascinating tale of vermeer 's &quot ; rediscovery&quot ; in the 19th century and his richly-deserved rise to worldwide fame . the essays and catalogue entries may be too technical for some readers , as the authors have expended a lot of effort to reconstruct vermeer 's exact technique , something which can only be gleaned from careful study of the paintings themselves ( no drawings by vermeer have survived , nor have any statements he may have made about painting ) . this extensive scholarly apparatus , while illuminating and occasionally even riveting ( the essay dealing with vermeer 's rediscovery is a great detective narrative ! ) , tends to obscure the strange , even uncanny emotional charge that his images are suffused with . vermeer 's personal world - so limited in content yet unforgettably haunting and evocative - is one of stillness and peace suffused with tension . each image contains remarkable spatial and temporal ambiguities that make simple scenes like a lady writing a letter while her maid looks away or two people standing near a piano ( the music lesson ) vibrate with dramatic tension . sadly , the somewhat passionless writing encases the pictures ( all of which are superbly reproduced ) in a rhetoric that does not address the fundamental issue : what is it about these paintings that is so powerful that their maker was rescued from total obscurity and has inspired poetry , novels and countless studies ? i was hoping to find some discussion of the psychological meaning of these images , but the traditional ( overly scholarly and dry ) art history within did nothing to help me understand my passion for the &quot ; sphinx of delft.&quot ; that said , the book is a masterpiece of empirical research on the artist ( barring some new discovery , it is unlikely that we will ever have any more facts about vermeer and his world than can be read here ) , exquisitely designed , and distinguished with beautiful reproductions . the volume is certainly one of the few bestsellers in the field of the art book - when i attended the show , the paperback print of the book was totally sold out and the hardcover was flying off the shelves ( it is odd that the book has not been reprinted in paperback ) . johannes vermeer is the text to have on this artist and is unlikely to be superseded anytime soon . immerse yourself in vermeer 's world and you will be transformed . seeing this exhibition changed my life , and i treasure this book as a means of recapturing the awe and joy that overwhelmed me at the time . i hope you will enjoy this book as much as i have
in the " new work of dogs , " author jon katz expands his scope from focusing on his relationship with his dogs---a topic he has detailed in previous books---to examining the canine-human relationship on a broader scale . informed by arduous research ( a two foot stack of papers , books , journals ) , he sets out and succeeds in making a case that dogs , by-and-large , are doing different work from their traditional herding , hunting , and guarding . we have pushed our canines into new territory as emotional companions , therapy dogs , even extensions of our egos to help us cope with an increasingly complex world . the notion that we are growing increasingly isolated as a culture is not new , but seeing how humans are using dogs to cope with a society that no longer maintains the cultural bearings of " the greatest generation " is new ( at least to me ) . mr. katz visits with many dogs and their owners of various social economic strata who inhabit the enclaves of montclair , new jersey . more often than not , he found that dogs are being used as emotional surrogate , a classic situation noted in attachment theory but hitherto mostly applied to other people . many of these dogs are pampered , untrained , and confused . others are abused to some extent , whether through deliberate actions or through negligence . the stories are alarming and informing . i see many of the mistakes i made with previous dogs laid out before me and wonder if my two australian shepherds are as well-adjusted as they seem . many reviewers have commented , and correctly , that anyone planning to own a dog needs to read this book . sadly , i think mr. katz will largely reach those people who already possess a great deal of knowledge about dogs---those who train their dogs , who buy or adopt breeds suitable for their living conditions or schedules , and who treat their dogs with consistent , loving authority . mr. katz does not make harsh judgments on any of the circumstances he depicts but instead concludes by noting how many dogs are dumped in shelters where they languish or die . the numbers are staggering . and he takes matters a step further with the thought-provoking idea that if we have dog rescue groups , how can we not also have their counterparts to reach out to those of our own species in dire need .
quirky and creative pictorial portrayel of man 's best friend . makes the reader feel warm and fuzzy . a great gift book . arlene millman , author of boomerang - a miracle trilogy ( the tale of a remarkable boston terrier )
i found this book on my own before going to get my mba and was always a bit embarrased to admit that i had learned more from this book than any other ( it 's design makes it look a bit elementary ) . i was pleasantly surprised to see that my finance professor at the mba program ( babson - the # 1 entrepreneurship program 11 years running ) brought it out on the first day and said it was a " must " for any businessperson 's library ! it is a fantastic resource - do n't let the look fool you
like a mystery novel at first then like a fictional joke but crazy as it sounds it works . it is intresting to apply the guidlines bob recommends for getting out of the rut of lifes financial strifes and other problems of life . i found it easy to understand and even if it challenges your lifes beliefs keep reading . good stuf
i loved this story . it was written in true steel fashion...exciting , interesting , and fullfilling
while this book had some minor flaws ( i 'll discuss those briefly later ) , it is worth owning , especially since it is one of the few books to truly discuss the creative process of cirque du soleil and how the rest of us can learn from what the performers do every day- the type of risks they take in hopes of creating magic , the beauty and spiritual resonance of their performances . there is another book out there that explores one man 's experiences with one performer and it is also intriquing but this new book reveals more about a wider variety of artists , directors , designers , etc . and , for all those who 've watched and been entranced by a cirque du soleil performance...would n't we all like to create a little of that magic in our lives ? would n't we all like to ignite our own creative fires , even if they come out in different ways , perhaps in writing , perhaps in our work lives or the time we spend with our families or while alone . one of the main lessons i got from this book is that being fully open as possible to one 's imagination , hopes , dreams and aspirations can lead in wondrous directions and affect even the most " practical " or mundane tasks of life . it just takes the willingness to take the risk , to accept failure and setbacks in return for spiritual and emotional growth and lifechanging experiences . this is more than a book geared to artists and peformers . it truly is for the rest of us . it can change your life . having said that , i found myself wanting more , felt myself not quite fully satisfied by this book . i felt some of the sections were a little too pat or formulaic . but these are minor quibbles when the book offers so much and is one of the few books that really explores the cirque du soleil creative process . until a better one comes along , i 'd consider this a must for anyone wanting to know more about the secrets and techniques of the cirque du soleil " spark " , a spark that can affect us all .
yes , it 's cliche . yes , the plot is lifted directly from star wars . yes , there are obvious references to anne mccaffrey , tolkien and other fantasy writers . but who cares ? eragon is , above all else , an enjoyable read . despite underlying flaws in the writing , paolini effectively tells a rewarding good-versus-evil story in a clearly-defined world , with a well-thought-out magic system and a realism tolkien could never muster . sure , eragon has its critics ( mostly aspiring writers that have not enjoyed paolini 's success ) , but if you can ignore their blustering and simply take the book at face value , i think you 'll be pleasantly surprised . although not as epic or impressive as some of the older fantasy works , eragon is nonetheless , a great read
i just read this book cover to cover on a flight back to nyc from barcelona . my mouth watered as i read the included reprints of her past reviews of nyc restaurants - even after my five days of fantastic spanish cuisine ! but more surprisingly , i was drawn in by what seems to be quite an honest glimpse of the nyc restaurant experience seen through the eyes of many " characters " . the book left me such respect for the depths that ruth reichl went through in order to dine as the everyday person would experience , especially in nyc 's " best " restaurants . her recounts made me actually appreciate the research and dedication required to write a truly objective ( as objective as food tastes get , i suppose ) review . a very easy and enjoyable read .
john falk takes the reader on the journey of his escape from depression . and while medicine plays a key part in his freedom , we also see how a brutal and bloody war also plays a role . his description of his illness is juxtaposed nicely against teh atrocities of war and his insights into himself and the war are poingant . a good read
give up dieting forever ! i have and i am now losing weight eating anything , yes anything , i want . can you imagine eating anything you want and not being frightened ? this is the book that will set you free , this is the book you need . has it struck you that dieting is unnatural ? do n't eat this , do n't eat that , count this , count that , measure this , measure that , i ca n't have this , and i ca n't have that , ad nauseum . which diet guru are you going to believe ? can you reall stay with a low-carb diet or a high-carb diet or calorie counting the rest of your life ? most importantly , do you want to stick to a restricted diet the rest of your life ? the first day of my new eating pattern i ate two meals . the second day , i woke up with no hunger , no reactive hypoglycemia ( nausea and shakes from hunger ) ! what a miracle . i have shifted to an apple for lunch and anything i want for dinner ( i love to cook and desire to eat with my family ) . at maintenance , i may end up eating two meals a day ; i do n't know and it certainly is n't something to &quot ; worry&quot ; about . the diet gurus that say one meal will cause you to overeat later , etc. , are wrong , wrong , wrong . maybe it sounds theoretically correct , but it does not work that way . listen , i have found out the less you eat , the less you eat . i do eat to satisfaction at dinner and it does not stretch my stomach . by the way , dr. dean edell stated on his radio show that he only eats one meal a day himself . he says there is no scientific proof that x number of meals are better than one . also , i want you dear readers to know that i have four friends who are &quot ; naturally&quot ; slim ( adult women - 30 's and 40 's ) . two of them eat a small amount for lunch ( like a small hamburger ) and a good dinner ( they are sizes 3 and 6 ) . one gal eats at 2 : 30 pm , a huge amount , and a snack at night ( she is size 7 ) . one gal does nibble all day , like a potato chip here and there ( no thank you , personally ) . oh , and a relative who is size 4 eats breakfast and dinner , never lunch . remember my comeback for sabotagers : &quot ; slim people do n't need much food , even if we exercise . who says a certain number of meals a day are better than one or two ? &quot ; the only negative thing i have to say about diane 's book is that i felt she took scripture out of context . god fed the israelites manna 2x a day ; they were supernaturally filled and nourished . he does not feed anyone manna today . also , biblical gluttony is not overeating ( i do believe a lifestyle of overeating is sin , but not gluttony ) . biblical gluttony refers to the roman-type parties where people overate , overdrank and went on to commit more sin . on the positive side , i do believe diane tries steer away from legalism and authoritarianism . this book is an answer to prayer . you wo n't be sorry if you buy this book
i really liked this one because of the characters... and of course the background being about wine.. and the lifestyle of those who create it : ) i definitely recommend this one .
james patterson at his best . 5th in a series and i ca n't wait for the 6th.page turning with characters i can relate to
this book provides the reader with a clear , basic understandingof the grounding of popular opinion regarding gay life during the last50 years . while the history is too rich and detailed to be dealt within a book with this scope , this is a remarkably readable and valuable thumbnail of the currents of the public discourse on gay life , and should provide any reader with an understanding of how crucial and new gay civil rights really are . i only hope that it will inspire others whose experience of being gay is a relatively new one to realize how important political activism and community still is . not only that , a very engaging read
loved it . highly suggest it . could n't put it down
with over 1000 recipes , this cookbook is going to take some time to truly put through it 's paces , but i 've had great results with the few dishes i 've tried so far . the turkey wraps with chipotle mayo rocked , with a gem of a condiment included - pickled red onion . i 'd use that on any sandwich , anytime . the sauces for halibut with spicy asian vinaigrette ( really a sambal vinaigrette ) and wasabi cream were awesome . veggie dishes like asparagus with shallot and sesame seeds add a special touch to everyday dinners . granted , i have n't even put a dent in the vast amount of dishes represented in this massive cookbook - but so far so good ! i picked this up a few months agao as a remainder and paid about 10.00 for it - about a penny a recipe ! what a deal
if you ever eat fast food after reading this book , you obviously didnt read it . it covers how the fast food industry has changed america for the worst . how they manipulate kids into eating fast food . the conditions of the animals that are raised to be eaten . the diet of the animals . what goes on in the slaughter houses . how they have made the farmers go out of business . how the restarunts are run . fast food in schools and much more
i think this is really an excellent book , one that i would highly recommend . everyone should read this and realize the words of wisdom . the authors do an excellent job of talking about why it is so important to eat well about all the benefits of proper diet and the dangers of improper diets . and so on , and so forth . get the book and educate yourself
ever since tuesdays with morrie i have been intrigued by als and the ways that people cope with its devastating debilitation . morrie has given us so much with his aphorisms and insights regarding living life
i am admittedly a terrible cook , so i follow recipes to the letter , often with nonmagical results . with julia child in my kitchen , however , things are looking up ! her recipe for roast chicken was so exact that even i could not mess it up . that and the sauteed beef steaks are now my go-to dinners because they are easy and reliable . i 've also had great success with the quiche and biscuit recipes and look forward to trying breadmaking for the first time . this book is essential for anyone out on his or her own for the first time , newlyweds , or people like me who just do n't get it ( but really want to )
this is the best book on creating wealth that i 've ever read . study this book . it 's full of action points... not a bunch of fluff
what a wonderful book this author has written . it talks about developing interpersonal skills , public speaking skills , prospecting skills , networking etiquette , sales skills , marketing principles , and even customer service . it mentions the power of the thank you note , and of giving more than you receive . it also devotes a chapter on some things about home-based businesses . and a chapter about the opportunities available through network marketing , and also a chapter on mail order and direct marketing as a business opportunity . i 'm not sure the mail order chapter should have been included . quite frankly , i think the author should have written another book about what he discusses in chapters 12 to 14 instead of including those chapters here . and i think chapter 15 should have been saved for its own book , and not included in this book either . but who cares ! anybody interested in the main thrust of the book ( endless referrals ) is going to be interested in chapters 12 to 15 - and they are well written and informative . what i liked the most about the book was the chapter summaries at the end of each chapter . i did not have to wade through the book the first time through . i just had to read the summaries . the other thing that was really nice about the book was the " recommended reading " sections at the end of chapters 12 through 15 and the one at the end of the book . those booklists were very thorough and helpful . 5 stars
'conservatives without conscience ' does nothing less than expose the matrix of political illusion with a comprehensive framework of science . there is much more that could be said about the authoritarian character structure and the history of the science , but john dean does a good job of explaining the basics , and how it applies to our modern political landscape . this is not new information , it has just been sequestered in the hands of academics and the carl rove wing of the republican party . the academics keep measuring and refining their understanding , and carl rove and his party keeps using the information to manipulate the american public . finally , someone mainstream has laid it out for all to see . knowledge is power , so everyone should read his book . however , one lesson to be learned from this book is that closed mindedness is a hallmark trait of the authoritarian character , so this is not a book written to convert anyone with strong authoritarian character traits . they do n't tend to read books much anyway . it is a book for the open minded , that will put into context our mean spirited political landscape , the by any means necessary tactics of many named players , and the proto-fascist movement that has hijacked our country . john dean pulls no punches . he names names and kicks butt . he gets a little dry when trying to define his wing of conservatism as opposed to neo conservatism , but even that is well worth the effort . if you have a shred of unease about the leaders of the republican party and those who unquestionably support them , then read this book . it is an eye opener
this is a must read for every woman married or single who desires to have a better relationship with the men in their lives . we all have men in our lives husband , father , brother , son , friend or coworker with whom the relationship is worth improving . keep in mind this is neither a marriage book nor a psychology book . it is a book about men written for the women who truly care about them and the relationships they have with men . there is a companion book written about women for men appropriately titled , " for men only . " perhaps those who were offended by this book should give that one a try . i found this book to be both touching and challenging . very good book ! ! !
from the beginning , roberto was different . he loved his wood , but he 'd always rather play with his food than eat it . more than anything he wanted to become a famous architect like his heroes , hank floyd mite and fleas van der rohe . belittled at home by the other termites and never taken seriously , roberto sets off for the big city to &quot ; build his dreams.&quot ; life in the city is hard , and not just for roberto . he meets all kinds of bugs with housing problems , including roaches chased from a diner , a housefly with no place to go and a poor ladybug whose house is on fire and children are gone . marshalling all his determination , roberto decides to build a new community , that will meet the needs of these out-of-luck bugs and maybe make his architect dreams come true at the same time..... nina laden has written and illustrated a delightful and amusing story with a most improbable hero and youngsters will be rooting for roberto as he chases and finally realizes his heart 's desire , in his bug eat bug world . ms laden 's witty text , full of creative wordplay , will charm adults as well as children and her outstanding collage artwork , so full of wonderful detail , really brings this story to life . a terrific picture book for youngsters 4-8 , roberto the insect architect lets everyone know that with hard work , your dreams can come true
while the brooklyn bridge is the oldest of the bridges crossing the east river , it 's one of the strongest , sturdiest and will most likely outlast the manhattan and williamsburg bridges . john roebling and his son , washington , did not know how the forces of nature and bridge loads would affect their bridge . given this gap in their knowledge they overcompensated by building a bridge capable of withstanding forces many times greater than would ever be applied to their structure . but the roeblings ' gaps in knowledge also worked against them . one of the most interesting portions of the book is where mccullough discusses the pressurized caissons beneath the east river where washington roebling and many his workers spent their time . few doctors or engineers at the time knew how high pressure environments would affect the human body . the quick changes in pressure killed workers and left many , including washington , with a condition known as the bends . washington 's wife , emily , was forced to transform herself into chief engineer while washington struggled with the bends . there are lots of fascinating facts and tidbits throughout this book on the bridge and the people involved with its construction . mccullough 's book is much more about the politics and people behind brooklyn bridge rather than the engineering . i would have preferred to read more about the engineering techniques , but i still found this book reasonably engaging .
this book gives insight to how the mind with a purpose ( of being a millionare ) looks at everything he does . an easy read and highly recommended
i have bought many books in my life , but randy gage 's " why you 're dumb , sick and broke " is the first time i ever bought a book with a parental advisory warning for explicit language . gage does things a little differently than anyone else , which is something i quickly discovered when reading this book . this book is brash , to the point and filled with insight and inspiration . i thought that gage presented his points in a well thought out manner that really took the establishment on head on . many points presented in the book are in other personal development books . however , i do n't know of any book that has all these points in one book . even gage himself admits in an interview that this is a combination of think and grow rich , the secret , ayn rand and several other books and cd 's . a lot of it you have heard before , like if you say you are broke , then you will always be broke . however , i did n't realize how much the mainstream media and the political establishment are contributing to our negative , broke thoughts . most frightening of all , i learned why the establishment needs us to be broke in order to keep their power . i am taking randy 's lead and watching less tv , especially the news . that 's the worst of all ! there is also a nice introduction to libertarianism and the works of ayn rand . as a libertarian myself , i was delighted to see this included in the book . with recent reports circulating about britain on the verge of becoming a police state , this warning about big government could n't have come at a more appropriate time . as expected , randy does make a plug for mlm , but this is by no means an mlm book . the mlm plug is just a few short pages . however , it is still a nice resource for mlm people to use for third party credibility . he also mentioned real estate and information marketing as good businesses as well . i must be smart , healthy and rich , as i am already involved in all three . i found myself nodding in agreement to this book . i also found a lot of places where i was thinking , " oh , i 'm not the only one who this this way . why has n't this been mentioned before in the press ? " other times , i thought , " oh my god , i am being really manipulated here . " while he was " preaching to the choir " with me , i 'm sure that many people with more " mainstream " views will feel more challenged reading this book . bottom line , if you love mlm get 10 copies of this book , if you support the libertarians , get 10 copies of this book . if you are like me and love them both , get 25 copies . about the author carlos scarpero is the host of the network marketing minute podcast and the creator of the success duplicator downline building system . [ .. .
king did an excellent job keeping you guessing in this one . there were some areas that could have been condensed and were sometimes confusing . for the most part , not bad . would make a good movie
the authors map out clear , effective and proven strategies for rewarding parenting in this excellent well-written guide . an imaginative approach was called for when my 16 year old boy jonathan threatened to barricade himself in his bedroom using just twigs , leaves , and his own spittle and dung , and this guide provided just that . there 's nothing wrong with setting parameters , the authors say , just as long as that are not arbitrary or capricious and they are clearly articulated - and for crying out loud why should he be allowed to act like a nesting african hornbill under my roof
tony hillerman once again takes us into the world of the navajo with jim chee and the legendary joe leaphorn of the navajo tribal police . i read this for the first time some years ago , and this entry in the long-running series is very exciting . it has a lot of atmosphere and leaphorn and chee are fleshed out more than usual in this terrific read . both chee and leaphorn are dealing with personal issues as this one begins . chee has n't quite figured out how he feels about mary leaving him because he could not leave his navajo way of life behind and move to the city with her . he is smitten with a pretty navajo attorney named janet but she 's with someone else . leaphorn meanwhile , is on terminal leave and retiring after the unexpected death of his beloved wife emma . niether he or chee can explain his obsession with finding a missing pot hunter named eleanor friedman-bernal . no navajo would be involved , as stealing pots like this would make one a " thief of time " according to navajo tradition . chee 's letting a rather large backhoe get stolen right from under his nose will have ties to leaphorn 's investigation , and once more chee will be helping leaphorn all across the navajo territory . this one will stretch all the way into utah and down the san juan river . leaphorn will be reminded of a young boy 's death by drowning before this one wraps up , and it will have unexpected ties to his search for eleanor . it seems eleanor was looking for pots made by the anasazi , a tribe that simply vanished from the face of the earth . pictographs and petroglyphs of kokopelli , the " watersprinkler , " will play a vital part in this mystery . but eleanor 's interest is also anthropological , and someone thinks what she 's discovered is worth killing for . leaphorn and chee will be hundreds of miles apart when they reach the same conclusion in this complex mystery . one will have to race to the other as things turn ugly , and two very different men will find commom ground when leaphorn asks the unexpected of young chee . hillerman 's descriptions of the thousand foot cliffs along the san juan river at night , under a sky filled with navajo mystery , will enthrall you . this is a good mystery and quite possibly the best in the series . you do n't want to miss this one
mark levine really , really , really knows his stuff . mark levine is really , really , good at explaining what he knows . note : this book is not for beginners , but if you 're ready to expand your jazz skills , there is no better book i 've seen ( except for his jazz piano book ! )
the position enjoyed by mohammed as a prophet of god is disputed by his unprovoked attacks on innocent people - islam was spread by use of the sword . because americans are poorly educated on religious history in general and middle eastern history in particular , this book is a must read . it is a single source for how islam became as powerful as it is today . the editor uses multiple sources to document the facts necessary to allow the reader to support the assertion that islam is a violent religion
reading war and peace is an immense undertaking , which has less to do with page numbers and more to do with addressing some very fundamental questions about what it means to be human . the first time that i read it , i read it as a novel , for entertainment . years later , i picked it up again but this time my task was more ambitious . i sought to know how tolstoy could justify the ways of god to man . during this second reading , i was able to examine the russian names , characters , events , and historical occurrences which occupied me the first time through . what i saw was that each of the hundreds of individuals was very much linked to the concluding epilog , which i scanted then but studied now . most readers of war and peace find this part heavy going , which it certainly is , but in it , tolstoy creates a key for unlocking the reasons who we are and why we do things the way we do . in essence , each human being is like an atom of gas floating in space , with one atom colliding at random with another , but when a sufficient number act in concert , such as napoleon 's invasion of russia , their force is irresistable . when tolstoy introduces world leaders like napoleon or the tsar , he does so in such a way as to depict them as no more than one more free floating atom , who can not see the big picture any more clearly than anyone else can . the tragic decisions of these misguided leaders are based on a collective illusion that they and they alone can use divinely inspired reason to affect lasting change . but when human beings act as if they acknowledge that their powers of reason are both limited and self-deluding--as when general kutuzov relies on looking inward toward instinct rather than outward toward other circling and equally misguided atoms , then they are drawing closer to a universal " one " with nature . this " one " tolstoy invests with religious overtones as synonymous with god . tolstoy does not say that human beings are preprogrammed robots held in thrall by that " one " or any other deity , but he does say that history , time , and man are all part of a universal flow that swoops along all in its path , and that if any intelligent atom wishes to know which way the flow is likely to go , then he might wish to emulate general kutuzov , who at least knows that humbleness in the face of chaos is the first step in finding a rational basis for who we are and where we are going .
marvelous story with historical concepts and involment leading the reader to intrigue and fascination . buy this book .
( w is not really number one . )  ritter 's book is best summed up by ritter in these 4 paragraphs from the epilogue ;  " the notion of the war in iraq resulting from an intelligence failure is very convenient for all parties involved . the intelligence community can simply say that intelligence is a tricky business , and sometimes you get it wrong . this , of course , provides a convenient excuse for the politicians , and compliant media , to contend that they were simply acting in the public interest based upon the information they were given.. . ...in the end , to accept the concept of iraq as an intelligence failure , one must first accept the premise that the usa was implementing , as its primary objective for iraq , the security council 's resolutions on disarmament . this argument is simpy not sustainable . the behavior of the united states government and its intelligence agencies during my time as an inspector was not that of a government that was serious about disarmament . support for unscom 's mission was , at best , tailored to the political imperatives at any given time . there was a total willingness to compromise the integrity of unscom ( and with it the whole notion of multilateral disarmament ) for short-term tactical advantages in the battle between the us and iraqi regimes . towards the end of the inspections era , elements of the us government actively sought to make unscom 's job more difficult by cutting it off from intelligence sources . disarmament was simply not the usa 's principal policy objective in iraq after 1991 . regime change was . the cia was designated as the principal implementer of this policy . therefore , when one looks at the march , 2003 invasion of iraq and the subsequent removal of power of the government of saddam hussein , the only conclusion that can be reached is that the cia accomplished its mission . iraq was , in fact , a great intelligence victory , insofar as the cia , through its manipulation of the work of the un weapons inspectors and the distortion of fact about iraq 's wmd programs , maintained the public perception of an armed and defiant iraq in the face of plausible and plentiful evidence to the contrary . we now know that both the us and uk intelligence services had , by july 2002 , agreed to 'fix the intelligence around policy' . but the fact remains that , at least as far as the cia is concerned , the issue of 'fixing intelligence around policy ' predates july 2002 , reaching as far back as 1992 when the decision was made to doctor the intelligence about iraqi scud missile accounting , asserting the existence of missiles in the face of unscom inspection results which demonstrated that there were none . as an american , i find it very disturbing that the intelligence services of my country would resort to lies and deceit when addressing an issue of such fundamental importance to the security of the usa . intelligence , to me , has always been about the facts . when intelligence is skewed to fit policy , then the entire system of trust that is fundamental in a free and democratic society is put at risk . iraq , and the role of the cia in selling the war with iraq , is a manifestation of such a breach of trust . "  we 've been had . on the grand scale . the problem of " politicization of intelligence " is clearly a bi-partisan issue . i 'm recommending this book for anyone who seeks the truth about iraq 's wmd 's . i 'm giving this book 5/5 stars just for delivering up the truth , damn the consequences
it 's been awhile since i had a really good crime mystery read . therefore , i was excited when the cold moon by jeffery deaver arrived at the library . the latest lincoln rhyme novel delivered just what i was looking for... twists , turns , and plenty of forensic work . the plotline here starts out on two tracks . a killer nicknamed the watchmaker is murdering people using slow torture techniques . his signature is leaving a particular clock style at the scene . rhyme and amelia sachs , his partner , are put on the case in order to solve it before more people die . sachs is also running her own case involving an apparent suicide that really turns out to be a murder . the murder points to a run-down bar where a group of cops meet on a regular basis . there 's a strong chance that the cops are corrupt , so sachs has to step carefully as it 's not clear who she can trust . the two cases converge when the watchmaker is captured but the reality of his killings turn out to be a carefully staged plan to expose the corruption that sachs is investigating . but the layering of deception goes even deeper than that , and rhyme has to continue to dig through each apparent motive and story to finally get to the core truth behind the watchmaker.. . if you want plot twists and turns , this book will definitely satisfy . there are a number of scenes that appear to be transpiring in one fashion , only to be something else entirely . the layering of plots by the killer never seems to end , and each new revelation ends up being the start of a new level of distraction . a couple of the twists seemed to be a bit over the top , but not so much as to put me off the story . it 's a book i really did n't want to put down , even though i had other things i should be doing. .
this was the first book by johnson i read , though my mentors and teachers spoke of him often . the information about the mandorla was particularly helpful , giving a visual and archetypical model for holding the energy of the apparently opposite forces in a space of new possibility . johnson writes that if i can be with the opposites , at the point of their intersection and stay with my conflicting thoughts and impulses long enough , the two will teach each other something and produce an insight that serves both... produce something utterly new instead of win , lose or compromise . the key appears to be that every real solution has to grow from the unique situation i face . formulas , how-to 's , devices and processes can never be enough in such moments . referring to my own past for an experiential reference or to another 's experience or advice ca n't do it , either , because it prevents or sidetracks the point of unlimited potential that wants to appear in and emerge out of each unique encounter . i liked what maria had to say in her post : " meet your shadow " , dated november 22 , 2003 . she said she gave it only 4 stars because he does n't tell how to do that is described as possible in the book.. . i felt a little of that , too . and i have since appreciated the blessing of not being told how until i 've done a bit of my own struggle with my own opposites in many life situations . a book i found to be a perfect companion to this one is " i of the storm - embracing conflict , creating peace " , by gary simmons . i highly recommend it in addition to this book . it addresses some of the questions i felt about the nature of conflict after finishing owning your own shadow , in a way that shed light into my life . i am very appreciative of both books .
liz perle does a really nice job in " money , a memoir " of weaving statistics , professional studies , and other people 's experiences with her own personal experience and insight . while many parts of her book sound familiar ( e.g. , women shopping when they 're in a slump ) it does look below the surface at some of the root causes of our unhealthy relationship with money and why we differ vastly from men in that regard . the other thing i appreciated about the book was that perle does n't claim to have all the answers , and explains how she was able to find a happy medium in her relationship with money , which to me sounded like something i could attempt and achieve . thanks , liz for a very important memoir that women of all ages should read
on nation , underprivileged is a timely discussion of an issue that impacts us all . in his book , professor rank carefully crafts a compassionate , analytical and innovative approach for addressing poverty in our country . this is a must read for all ( especially policy makers ) .
this book is the most eye-opening , amazing , enlightening and practical work i have ever read . there were so many jewels of wisdom and edifying anecdotes in these pages . anyone who is serious about improving their relations with others on the job and socially should read this work with the utmost attention . if everyone practiced these simple principles , this society would be truly utopian . that is why i bought 12 of them : to be able to give it to friends and associates who i believe would really benefit from it
michael haller 's life revolves around criminal defense , his an attorney operating out the back of his lincoln town car . his appearance sharply dressed and charmed mannerism makes him a very approachable guy , people either called him mick or mickey . tall , dark and intelligent with his good looks and irish blood lines made him a catch . in the court room he was very together with great timing , in his personal life it was a mess , at last count he had two ex wives and one daughter . his father long deceased was also a famous defense attorney ; another pressure of expectation in life he felt he had to live up to , his father wrote books and practised law that did n't have room for innocent clients , so far mickey had spent most of his life worrying that he just would n't recognize innocence if it came along . being an independent operator he ran his business with his own private detective on his bankroll , he was also chauffeured around by an ex client who could n't afford to pay his fees . in total he kept four lincolns for another enterprise on the horizon encase things turned sour , what he was really looking for was a franchise player , a case to keep the cash rolling , point blank a meal ticket . louis ross roulet dealt in la property he was a rich playboy , currently booked on charges of ag-assault , gbi , and attempted rape , and although his arrest charges looked bad these could always be dropped to something less by the time he made court . mickey could n't believe his luck not only a rich client but looking at the evidence it was stacked in favour to get him off the hook . this was all too easy , in fact with sharp tactics of negotiation and manipulation it was an open and shut case . just as he was on a roll mickey 's close friend is murdered he begins to have second thoughts about his case something just did n't sit right , in his search for innocence had he instead stumbled upon something more sinister or maybe something just plain evil . this is the first time in a long time that i have picked up a book based on a court room drama ; but this book is much more than just that . michael connelly has done a wonderful job ; his close collaboration with real life defense attorneys has paid off with their knowledge shining through ; well written and easy to follow so you do n't get lost in the jargon of law , especially for someone like me who is not familiar with the us law system . i 'm hoping very much that mr. connelly will be able to entwine the exciting lawyer mickey haller in other books going forward , congratulations to michael connelly for a rollercoaster read . a.bowhil
this is the best book available on the great storm of 1900 and its effect on galveston , texas . an unbelievable amount of research obviously went into it . very well written . highly recommended
mcneill calls american indians and africans little more than the victims of the west in this book . he explains that they have little role in the development of culture ( which he sees as passing from society to society from mesopotamia on , like some sort of conceptual olympic torch ) and some get it and others do not . it is an outdated and bigoted way to see cultural history , and difficult to read without cringing . that said , the book contains marvelous elements . few writers will explain with his brevity and mastery how cultures have passed elements , one to another , over the expanse of time ; few writers can convey the forward momentum of history as mcneil . so with all its faults , it is very worthy book , certainly worth reading while keeping in minds its somewhat dramatic shortcomings
red lily is clearly the best book in the series . while reading this one i could visualize the scenes . this book would make a good movie , but i ca n't decide under what category it would fit into . although it 's clearly a romance portions of the book would definitely be considered a thriller . with all the talk of a ghost ( as the rest of the series ) this book it is n't a believable read as much as a fun read .
for those that are avid readers of journalistic works such as this one , you would absolutely enjoy every moment rummaging through the pages . statistics are provided but never to the point of being too dry and too boring for the readers to read through . the writer endeavours to shed lights for us ramifications of china and its muscle power . instead of branding china as a villain , we need to understand that without support from purchasers who are looking for the cheapest bargains , china would n't be where it is now . wal-mart is covered in detail . the writer gives us a projection that if car manufacturing industry is heading the same direction of products manufacturing , it 's only a matter of time before prices for cars would plummet quite considerably in the future when china has perfected its manufacturing bases just as japan and south korea had done before it . then , there 's another discussion about the shifting of population from countryside into urban centres where manufacturing bases are located , and how china is able to sustain the supply of cheap labour . china 's progress is n't simply detrimental to other countries . on contrary , it benefits them as well . for example , australia is having a boom right now due to exportation of natural resources to china . with increase of living standard in china , chinese needs more nutritious food . as china could n't provide enough , united states particularly the middle states are enjoying a boom in supplying food to the middle kingdom . then , there are also discussions about other foreign powers keeping united states in check by siding with china , and also the love and hate relationship between usa and china of controlling the currencies so as to keep the interest rates at an attractive rate to facilitate growth in china and so forth . whilst nobody knows for certain the exact figures of information provided ( since china has this tendency to manipulate figures since the beginning of time ) , suffice to say that the book explains how the mechanism works and allowing us to have an insight of how international trade ticks . yes , some reviewers are fastidious and highly critical of figures provided by the writer but ultimately , i think they are missing the points . what 's crucial from this book is that we need to understand better about china and learning how to work alongside it in order to share the gains it would garner over the years to come . highly recommended
everyone should follow the advise published on the outside cover of this book... " you live in this world , you use oil , you must read this book .
a time to kill and the broker are my two favs from grisham . suspense is the name of the game . i like books that make me read them straight through because they 're so suspense filled . another great novel is deadly behavior by dee sullivan .
i love this series . i have every one of the books in this series and will never let them go .
here is a book written for literally anyone who wants to learn lessons for life on how to get rich . and for all those desperados out there dreaming of getting fantastically rich with ridiculously little effort : here is your guide . you will learn that making money and getting rich is n't hard at all , but it requires a little discipline . there are only a handful of tips given in this book , but they are sufficient to make a real difference in your wallet and a real difference in your life ! the style is very easy to understand and very straight-forward . a child could read this book , even though the setting is that of the ancient city of babylon , but that makes the story and the lesson all the more interesting . five stars are awarded to this book and trust me , you 'll agree with me
i just finished the book last night , crying as i read the last few pages . i guess since carole radziwill and i are the same age and share a lot of the same interests helped capture me into this memoir and unable to put it down . it also gives you some unheard stories of the famous family . i felt like i knew carolyn bessette kennedy better through this story rather than the tabloid press . she was a delightful and woman , filled with life , which makes her ending even more tragic . the book honors a beautiful friendship and a marriage tested by cancer . it pays homage to anthony radizwill as well as john and carolyn kennendy as it lets you see them as real people rather than tabloid fodde
i read this book after the authors ( scott & omari ) told me about it on one of the public forums ( about gmat ) . excellent book , it 's gives the overall picture of what an mba candidate should look like to an admission officer at the b school . it definitely gives you an edge . this is book is like 'everything about b school applications in a nutshell' . there are some methods like drawing a 'grid ' to see where you stand , really gives insight into what are your strenghts & the areas you should improve or 'cover ' in the application essays . overall , not the one & only but very good book .
this is book is collection of interviews by noam chomsky given before and after the attacks on the wtc . i found this book a little too brief and would recommend to first time readers of this author to read some of his other work and then come to this particular book . this book is nonetheless an interesting view to take on the events that are discussed in it
nicely printed and bound - if you like james allen you 'll like this book
how can people play the game if they do n't know the rules or how to keep score ? open book management means you teach people how business works , you share financials and you reward them for improving the profits of the company . good solid &quot ; how to&quot ; information if you want to set up a profit sharing plan and get people really involved in the success of the company
reviewed by bette daoust , ph.d. for reader views ( 6/06 )  i find it interesting that i am reviewing a book i had read five years ago when it first came out . all this really means is that this book has definite longevity ( and believe it or not , all of the " predictions " in the book are a reality today . seth godin set forth to spread his book like a virus to everyone he could through his connections , and their connections , and their connections and " so on and so on " . the truth is the idea virus is real and his book is living proof that ideas and other products can certainly be spread by word-of- ( mouth , email , infrared , download , or whatever ) . i have always been an admirer of seth godin and although i have not read all of his books , i will make certain that i do . he has a keen sense of marketing like no other as in his " purple cow " as well as this book " unleashing the idea virus " . who better to write about spreading ideas around than seth . his book has certainly hit the circuit and still has a long way to go before absolutely everyone who should read this book ( and apply the information ) . this book is a must for anyone that touches the marketing function in their business . the idea virus is a book full of common sense items but with a twist that makes them more realistic than just theory . the real life situations described bring all the points to home . i just hope that the next time i sneeze , a new idea , the targeted hive picks it up and swarms around it and passes it on . i want to own the market in my defined hive and i want it to propagate and live on for a long time . this book is one terrific example ! go download it or purchase it at the bookstore .
every now and then a pivotal moment in history is witnessed and recorded by a master communicator . the mid-first century of rome was such a time and tacitus was such a communicator . the histories will forever be a benchmark of good history with its observations on human nature and behaviour along with their impact on history . the historian will do well to read tacitus not just for the historical lessons but for his approach to history as a record of human activity . while observing and commenting on the human element in history , tacitus avoids making moral judgements and remains as objective as possible in the midst of turmoil , wars , and rumors of wars . his beloved nation and people were suffering under the barbarity of fratricidal war yet he remains above the madness and records the events with passion tempered with objectivity . his example is one that has remained difficult for others to follow . a word on this translation in particular - i found mr. wellesley 's translation very readable and poetic . he seems to have captured the literature value of the text as well as the content . well done
philbrick does an outstanding job of weaving an enthralling story from historical references . he gives the reader a wonderful sense of the social , religious and political forces that motivated the pilgrims in their incredibly risky venture into the unknown . the book presents a fascinating view of the clash of the native american and english cultures that tragically led to the near annihilation of the new england " indians " .
i enjoyed reading the mark . it was definitely a page turner . of course it makes me want to continue with the series . tim f. lahaye is a great author and story teller . i actually visualized the whole the thing . i would thank him in person if i could , for a wonderful job done.. . thank you. .
first , the strengths : andrew gives intelligent summaries and discussion of some major historical film theorists , with chapters on munsterberg , arnheim , eisenstein , balazs , kracauer , bazin , mitry , metz , and ayfre , and agel . he focuses on the debate between the formalists ( who believe film art is defined by its formal properties including editing , framing , mise-en-scene , lighting , and etc . ) and the realist tradition ( who believe that film art is defined by its basis in photography , a physical impression of its subject ) . the highlight is undoubtedly andrew 's excellent discussion of the great french critic andre bazin , which is not surprising since andrew 's ph.d thesis was on bazin . the weaknesses : this was published in 1976 , and so it completely ignores the vast body of criticism published since then , especially feminism , and the influence of lacan and psychoanalytic theory . still , this is not a bad starting point for students of film theory
hi. . i would say most people should run , not walk , to buy this book . it does n't matter where you are starting from , everyone can benefit from this stuff , and there are a variety of ways to compile wealth that the authors talk about . i found it to be very inspiring and well worth the money . i would recommend it to all my friends , especially those who are befuddled by the markets , because it has simple straightforward advice . good luck to all the savers and investors among us ! for socially conscious people , they also tell how to help society ( as well as get wealthy .
tony sweet 's photographs are breathtaking ! as you look at each photo and associated rationale for how and why he chose a particular exposure or composed it in a certain way , you realize the keen awareness he has of his environment and the obvious care and patience he places in his work . i am so glad that he shares the technical side to his wonderful work . i think photographers of all levels will have much to gain by reading and studying this book
definitely one of the best books i have read . the curious incident of the dog in the night-time by mark haddon is a complex mixture of simple things . the simplicity of the language , style , ideas , characters and concepts is unique to this book . the expression of complicated life matters and situations in such a simple manner makes this book a definite must-have . in the book , mark haddon borrows the voice of his lead character christopher , an autistic child , to tell the story . christopher is an autistic and smart 15 year old boy . he 's a math whiz with an unsatisfiable appetite to solve problems . his approach to all life issues is to convert them into a math problem of some sort and find out ways to deal with these issues . the story mainly revolves around christopher 's investigation to find out who killed his neighbour 's dog wellington . despite his father 's instructions to not pursue the issue , christopher goes on to attempt to solve the mystery of who killed wellington . the story unravels before christopher and he is hit with a reality far more complex than his own understanding of life . his investigations result in only unearthing long buried secrets of his mother who , he knows , died three years earlier . christopher 's determination to solve the mystery of who killed wellington and the mystery of his mother 's death is something to be revered throughout the development of the story . the child 's emotional roller coaster ride is witnessed first hand on every page . the reader experiences christopher 's feelings and emotions so transparently that it makes it extremely difficult not to feel attached to the story . the story in itself is funny at times , sad and miserable at others ; complex in one place and extremely simple in another . this is a novel that you can be certain will change the way you perceive the things in your life once you are through . your world will never be the same again . in a good way
this is one of the best -- and scariest -- business books i 've ever read . christensen clearly illustrates why many of the 'tried and true ' formulas really do n't work . his research is compelling and is presented clearly enough for non-technical readers . i ca n't recommend this book highly enough
being a dyed-in-the-wool mcguane fan , i think he just keeps getting better . not only is he the best fishing writer alive , but his non-fishing stories are bizzarely entertaining , have an interesting twist , and always explore human interaction . i believe his writing is based on his many and varied experiences , from crazy street people to ego-crazed ceos , as well as the many places he has lived . who else would know what a cabinet is , except a rhode island resident ? what...no mention of hot weiners or coffee milk ?
i was anxious to try the artisanal gougere recipe , and i was not disappointed ! the cheese puffs were light and cheesey and beautiful to look at ! i compared his recipe to le cordon blue recipe , and his adds a pinch of baking powder and about 2-3 times the amount of cheese . plus he give approximate mixing times , which was a blessing for me since i had never made cream puff dough before . the cordon blue version had no mixing times and with such a small amount of cheese compared to the artisanal version i can not believe that it would be anywhere near as good . this book appears to have terence 's personal touch , not just regurgitation of classic bistro recipes
based on 20 pages of an unfinished charlotte bronte manuscript , you forget that it was written in 2004 and are quickly enjoying what feels like a long lost bronte ! ms. boylan takes into consideration charlotte 's growing concern ( at the time of her death ) with children born into extreme poverty and deprivation . the plot involves a search for the true roots of an orphan ( emma ) and introduces the readers as well as her main characters to london 's back streets . of course there are all the undying and unfulfilled loves as well as the unlikely coincidences that make for a great period novel
you want to read a horror story ? this is it . this is the shameful way our government dealt with aids in the first six years it appeared in the country- by doing nothing at all . everyone ignored it . the cdc , the nih , the national cancer institute , it was ignored by everyone but a handful of scientists and doctors , and they were ignored too . over 2000 gay men ( and hemophiliacs , and straight people , and babies ) died before the government even acknowleged that yes , something new was going around . newspapers and media did not report this , because it was too embarrassing talking about how it was a " gay disease . " gay men did n't want to discuss that it " might " be spread through sex , and the ideas of shutting down the bathhouses and losing that little bit of hard-won liberation was unthinkable . blood banks would n't even acknowlege the fact that their products were contaminated , even after it was proven that transfusion aids was possible and happening . by the time president reagan first uttered the word aids , over 25,000 americans were dead from the disease . this book made me cry . the entire way through it , i wanted to scream , i wanted to throw things , i wanted to hit people until they realized that gay people deserve to live too . a university official that was denying aids researchers desperately needed funding had the nerve to actually remark , " well , at least aids is getting rid of a lot of undesirable people . " how absolutely disgusting . this is a dauntingly large book- 621 pages of reading , all of it frustrating , angering , scream-inducing , and yet , still inspiring . they did n't give up . no one threw in the towel until their last breath , or until funding , sufficient funding , was finally granted . sadly , the author himself died of aids in 1994 . god bless everyone who worked so hard to make aids a household word , which finally happened , oh , about seven stinking years after it first started killing people in the us . what the heck is wrong with this country ? why did people have their heads in the sand for so long ? what 's so stinking wrong with us ? another book everyone should read , if only to know how our government helped spread aids around the world by ignoring it for six damn years . how many people did they kill by doing that ? far , far too many . we were the last civilized nation to institute an aids education/prevention program . this book made me dislike the bureaucracy of this country even more , and i did n't think that was possible . god bless everyone who is working to make life better for people with aids
having been born in 1981 i was educated as a teen about the importance of safe sex and the realities of hiv and aids . but , this book brought home the true horrors of the history of the pandemic . while lengthy , it is extremely informative and , if read with an open mind , refreashingly unbiased . i found myself taking extra time and care in reading " and the band played on " just to let the information sink in .
it& # 8217 ; s been two years since the recovery of the amulet of samarkand , and nathaniel ( now known as john mandrake ) is a government official in the office of internal affairs , apprenticed to jessica whitwell . his job is to hunt down a pack of rebellious commoners known as the resistance , who have been causing a series of disturbances in london , aiming to destabilize the rule of the magicians . he suspects the involvement of a girl named kitty and her friends whom we met in his previous adventure , and although correct in this assumption , it soon becomes obvious that there is deeper evil afoot , as a destructive force hidden in a black cloud begins attacking the city , destroying buildings and magical artifacts as it goes . when things start spiraling out of control , he is forced to call upon bartimaeus again for help , and the adventure spirals into a saga of grave robbery , political maneuvers , foreign travel and ancient magic . though certainly not as good as the first , and a little too long , the golem& # 8217 ; s eye makes for good reading , but is sadly lacking the sarcastic witticisms of everyone& # 8217 ; s favorite djinn that were the high point of book one . amanda richards , may 20 , 2006
this is an aweful story--you should read it , absolutely . i dread the turn of every page , so i 'm recommending it to my closest personal friends as well . and since this is about terrible things happening to would-have-been-happy small children , i can not in good conscience forget to recommend it to my brother so that he may read it to my nephews . the most terrible story i 've ever read--five stars
i am a manager for a federal govt agency . i found this book informational and easy to understand . immigration law is a complex subject . the book is easy to read and addresses many important aspects related to this subject . the sections related to inadmissability , removal are well written and easy to understand . the chapters related to the history of various classes of immigrants was intersting as well . i would recommend the book for persons who want to expand their knowledge of this topic
each planet listed in this book has details on length of day , length of year , species , population , size , climate , terrain , & much more . each one also has a picture of the planet accompanying it . there 's also a map of the core worlds along with key location / site maps on nearly every listed planet ( very cool ) . coruscant has a huge 29-page entry to it . it also has the gm character dexter jettster , info on the jedi temple , and many more spots on this planet . great for many , many adventures . alderaan & corellia get around 7-pages . there 's also a few new species , many new creatures , and a lot of gm characters to throw at players . some starships are also in here , inlcuding : tie/ad defender prototype & e-wing . my only complaint is , there are n't more of these planet books out there for this rpg . wotc could have done a series of secrets of... books for each system ( or something like that . )  otherwise , there are a lot of things in this book that will make players believe that their characters are in star wars . so , yes , buy the book ! support this space fantasy rpg
sabuda is my all-time favorite pop-up maker ! his stuff is so fabulous and intricate , it 'll just blow you away
i am so passionate about this book . it has answered all the life questions i have ever held . although many people i have recommended it to have reported that they have not been able to " get into it " - for me , i would say it is the best book i have ever read . this is about the 5th copy i have purchased because when i lend it out , somehow it is not returned and i want to have a copy to re-read every now and then . ( i will not be lending this one again
i just read this book cover to cover on a flight back to nyc from barcelona . my mouth watered as i read the included reprints of her past reviews of nyc restaurants - even after my five days of fantastic spanish cuisine ! but more surprisingly , i was drawn in by what seems to be quite an honest glimpse of the nyc restaurant experience seen through the eyes of many " characters " . the book left me such respect for the depths that ruth reichl went through in order to dine as the everyday person would experience , especially in nyc 's " best " restaurants . her recounts made me actually appreciate the research and dedication required to write a truly objective ( as objective as food tastes get , i suppose ) review . a very easy and enjoyable read .
this is one of two or three &quot ; must have&quot ; books that every person interested in or practicing smalltalk needs to read and keep on a shelf near by . kent 's writing style is clear , concise and often humorous . a very entertaining and informative book by one of the giants in the smalltalk world
we see a phrase a lot when we visit how-to sites for writers . world building . by this , we mean the setting , the characters , and everything else where our story will occur . for me , this often means maps , memories and visits , since i write about where i live . but if you 'd like to see exactly what " world building " means , head down to your local library and grab salem 's lot by stephen king . yeah , that 's right , i 'm reviewing a book by stephen king . as if his career really needs my help . ( i bought my copy at foreign language bookstore on yanan lu in hangzhou , with a new introduction that is a pleasure to read , but i mentioned the library to save you some money . )  when stephen king mania first gripped the english-speaking world , i missed it . i saw the film of carrie and hated it . years later , at a guard desk on a long shift , scheduled so suddenly that i had n't had a chance to visit the library , i read what was in the desk instead . thinner . if i were stephen king , i 'd have put a pen name on that crap as well . one of king 's fans brought me around . she recommended the shining . of course i thought of that kubrick/nicholson travesty . no no , she said , read the book . it 's much different . yes , it is . it 's fantastic for its perceptiveness . next up , pet sematary , which scared the crap out of me . and that , my friends , is not easy . on writing . i 've gushed about that enough times . the films stand by me and the apt pupil . so , in the end , i appreciate king and forgive him for carrie , and i think he 's forgiven himself . we wo n't talk about the richard bachman alias , although the film of the running man was fun in a stupid sort of way . salem 's lot . king 's second book , and perhaps it should have been his first . i 've been in china since 1999 . if i ever want to visit a town in the us , i do n't need a plane ticket . i can just real salem 's lot . consider it a clinic on world building . these are the places and the people i left behind , right there , recorded by a master . well , except for the vampire . i do n't recall seeing him in watha . maybe he moved into my old house . actually , that 's stephen king right there . he creates an entirely real world , then throws in something unusual because it makes the story move and because he just thinks it 's cool . a vampire here , a rabid dog there , a mind reader over there , a ufo crashing into hickville.. .  nobody has defended stephen king by mentioning that william shakespeare trucked heavily with ghosts and witches and prophesies in his stories , so i 'll limit myself to a single sentence . i believe that , just as i studied mary shelley 's frankenstein in a literature class , one day students will study stephen king . just nothing about cars that come to life , because those stories really suck . i will accuse stephen king of being uneven , and he explains why in on writing . but at his best , i recommend him highly . oh , and here 's a weird bit of trivia . i recognized the scene on page 50 . nothing before it , nothing after it , just that one bit . so i at least began reading this book . probably at a guard desk . tampa , florida , has excellent libraries . at my guard desk , when i was n't writing , i was getting drunk on literature , and i ca n't possibly remember it all . but i think salem 's lot by stephen king plus the thanatos syndrome by walker percy spurred me to write the demons within , which i later threw out but which gave descent into madness its back story . ( for madman trivia buffs : terrence and sandra howell once had their own novel . it really sucked . terrence had his own novel 15 years before that . it also sucked . he 's a composite of two classmates , terrence cram and ricky howell , so i 'm glad he finally showed up in some form . )  in on writing , stephen king tells us that he was so drunk and stoned at one point that he ca n't remember writing some of his books . it seems i was so high on literature at one point that i forgot entire books i read , including salem 's lot . so , i guess that getting old does have its advantages .
simply awesome ! i keep having to stop the tape so it can sink in
were someone to write a biography of carl hiassin in fifty years it is hard to imagine that he or she would n't focus on the author 's latest triumph , skinny dip . it is one of his seminal achievements . the book simply shines with humor , well drawn characters , action and as usual everyone gets their just desserts . it is also one of his smoothest rides . one gets the feeling that hiassin was very confident in every sentence that he wrote . here is an overview that will stimulate readers ' interest hiassin 's . the book opens with chaz trying to kill his wife by flinging her over the rail of their cruise ship , but by some twists and turns and luck joey survives long enough to be rescued . much of the rest of the book circles around the characters interactions and relationships as joey and her team pursue vengeance . by the midpoint of the novel chaz is already an emotional wreck and it does n't look like joey is about to let up any time soon . the moral backbone of the novel is twofold . one is the pitting of the everglades forest and her defenders against big business and her pollutants . the everglades is quickly turning from pristine swamp into another type of ecosystem entirely and many floridians want to prevent the remaining land from being destroyed , which means millions of dollars loss to the big agricultural business . hiassin 's two segments on the real life plight of this swamp standout a bit apart from the book , but also lends it a feeling of seriousness . and two is the pitting of criminals against victims who are n't going to take it anymore . hiassin is at his when he reapetedly refers to the attempted murder as an insult to joey . as most survivors of violent crime can ascertain there is a severe indignity attached to one 's helplessness . there are six main characters in the book : joey and her horny husband chaz , joey 's rescuer mick who is a kind and eccentric ex-policeman who lives alone on an island , joey 's brother , a rich expatriate who raises sheep in new zealand , mr. hammernut , the owner of a large agricultural empire and tool , the books muscled goon who undergoes a moral transformation . the small group of sub-characters is entertainingly populated in part with a hermit who lives in the swamp , a street-tough hairdresser , a slap-happy senior and a cowardly lawyer . though similar elements live in many of hiassin 's works his books never feel like he has used a formula to create them more easily . this ca n't be said for all or most of crime writers and should be accredited to hiassin 's love for storytelling , his skill as a plot weaver and his ability to evoke so many different emotions . in this line of thought this reviewer took note of the characters subtle ( except for tool ) character changes throughout the book . joey for example seemed learn a bit more restraint as she calmed down a little and the same can be said even for characters that have appeared in some of hiassin 's previous works ( mick ) . hiassin has never been a fan of superficial materialism , but the issue is slightly complicated by skinny dip and does not simply fall into place along character axes . while the villains all crave money some of the heroes are loaded too . joey maintains a very frugal existence considering her $ 13 million trust , but her brother spends lavishly . joey 's rescuer on the other hand lives on a disability check . one may wonder if the only difference between chaz and his wife is that she never had to work or hustle for a buck , but there is one other way in which the enemies contrast and that is the way they treat their associates . chaz is continuously scrambling for something and in his desperation - be it for sex , money , or escape - uses other people as tools rather than relating to them as equals . on the other hand , joey has a good sense of humor and she enjoys the companionship of her pals . like most of hiassin 's work this book is not an overly violent one . although it begins with an attempted murder , the event is quite peaceful . there is no struggle , no blood and the victim , joey , does not die . after reading skinny dip i immediately lent it to my best friend katie who has not been able to put it down . so , potential readers be warned : like katie you may not be able to get any work done for a day or two , but the time is not wasted on hiassin 's best work to date . one comes away gaining not only pleasant memories of laughs and smiles , but also the feeling that one has poured one more drop into the bucket of our minds that we must fill in order to make this world a better place . in short , carl hiassin puts us in touch with the good guys in ourselves
i bought this reluctantly because it was decided upon by a discussion group i was partipating in , but i ended up being very glad to have read this wonderful piece of contemporary literature . mary lawson weaves an incredibly sad but totally compelling tale of life in a small community in canada . others here have given insight into the plot and characters , so i 'll keep this short by saying that you wo n't be disappointed and that i eagerly look forward to reading more from this author , she seems to have exceptional talent
as one of america 's greatest presidents , ronald reagan will certainly be studied by historians for years to come and , like abraham lincoln he will likely be revered and discussed by people of all nationalities for many generations . this book and his earlier autobiography , where 's the rest of me , will surely be the touch stones for any such inquiries and discussions . this work , an american life , however , will be of primary importance since it addresses his entire life and political career rather than simply the earlier part of his life , during which time he was primarily a sportscaster and actor . for anyone who had the pleasure of listening to reagan 's political commentaries on the radio , or hearing him speak as governor of california or as president of the united states , the book will be particularly enjoyable ; for it is written in the easy-going conversational style that reagan used in life . what makes the book even more interesting is that you can not only catch a glimpse of the country into which ronald reagan was born but also see how that country was transformed into the nation as we know it today . you may also observe that the problems of reagan 's day are not much different than those we face today . i would highly recommend this book to anyone seeking to understand ronald reagan , how his many faceted character was formed , the inner workings of his mind , and the actions which led to his monumental achievements . in my view , it would benefit the country greatly if this book was made to be required reading for every american child .
jeff shaara never ceases to amaze . i have absolutely loved everyone of his ( and his fathers ) books . i have been waiting awhile for him to delve into world war 2. and he did not disappoint me . first things first , i could not put this book down . everything about it was phenomenal . icant explain it in any other way . please read this book . even if you dont like books like this it is well worth your time
i love historical fiction , and the march was one of the better historical novels that i 've read . the characters are well-drawn , and the action moves along briskly , with no dead spots . the civil war background seemed very authentic , and unlike many similar historical novels that focus on the military actions or the civilian actions , the march blends the two to show that war really is hell . doctorow is an excellent writer , and he obviously did a lot of period research to make the background so believable . my only objection was his implication that the civil war was only about slavery and that union soldiers fought solely because of the slavery issue . that 's not true , as studies of union soldiers ' letters and diaries have demonstrated that most soldiers fought out of patriotism or to join with other family members , or for other reasons than just slavery . that also applies to confederate soldiers . a minor quibble that does n't really hurt the book , but it does discredit the author for not sticking to real , documented historical fact . highly recommended
are you ready to become a " home gamer . " are you seriously looking to improve your current results in the stock market ? do you have a moderate level of knowledge about the stock market and our economic system ? are you equally concerned with preserving your capital while earning a better-than-average return ? do you prefer a system that incorporates probability and statistics as a tool to assess risk ? are you a believer in using fundamental analysis and technical analysis in choosing growth stocks as your preferred investment ? do you have adequate time and interest to devote to actively managing your portfolio ? if your answers to these questions ( especially the final one ) are " yes " then buying this classic might be the best 10 bucks you ever spent . this little gem is chock-full of information and practical advice garnered over 50 years of investment experience , coupled with an acute observation of human nature at work in the market
the pelican brief is one of john grisham 's more fast paced and exciting book . two supreme court justices are murdered by someone who does such a good job that there are few if any clues to go on . darby shaw and her lover/professor are intrigued by who could have done this so darby does a ton of research and writes the " pelican brief " . her boyfriend/professor is a good friend of someone in the fbi and the file gets distributed . the bad guys find out about darby , who apparently has hit the suspects right on and the chase begins . this book is very entertaining with nonstop action . you 'll be constantly turning the page to see how darby and friends etc keep escaping and how the plot will unfold . the only problems with the book are as follows :  1 - the book has so many characters that it gets confusing at times  2 - the book is all action and adventure and little else . once it 's done you 'll never go back and read it again . this would make a very poor book club book . 3 - a little over the top on the implied sex etc between darby and her professor etc... ( but nothing compared to what you 'll get in other books )  overall a very entertaing and exciting book but not a lot of " soul " . i would definitely recomend it to anyone who likes action books .
i listen to books on tape constantly and when you get a reader and a story that can take you away , it is a find ! nothing annoys me more than a poor or monotoned reader or one who places inflections in inappropriate places , like news readers . i loved the sound effects coupled with an excellent reader and the two added to the experience of listening to this book . i also liked that the story was partly done in first person . the main character initially does n't seem to have much to offer the world.... . anyway , there are others who have diagramed the story , i just wanted to say , i enjoyed it and the way it was presented in audio version .
i love this book in conjunction with dr. perricone 's books . they compliment each other nicely . a great tweak to feeling and looking better
for those of you who might find the first found book or this second one offensive in its content -- guess what ? -- life is offensive . and for that matter , life is also often tragic , poignant , ironic , hysterically funny , random , and sometimes all of these things at once... the " found " books and the magazines reflect all of these aspects of everyday life . that 's what makes it so remarkable . indeed , how many books can cause you to giggle and feel emotionally vulnerable within two pages ? this work by davy rothbart , co-editor jason bitner , and all the found crew deserves praise because this is a cross-section of humanity stripped down to its beautiful bare essentials . if , several thousand years from now , ( android ? zombie ? ) archeologists study our current century , they might go through our trash . think of " found " as giving them a headstart .
my sons , 4 and 8 , saw this book at a well know book store and loved it . it costs $ 20.00 there , so $ 13.00 is a steal . they love the pictures and the book is very attractive and " cool " looking
my daughter received this book for her 7th birthday . she loves all the details and can read it over and over again . these pop-ups are amazing ! i would highly recommend this book to anyone with a little princess of their own .
i am from romania and the book arrived in about 2 weeks . i am very pleased of it , it has no damages , it arrived quickly and , most important , it 's a very good book . a touching story that will make you laugh and cry . i recommend it
great book ! it 's comprehensive and easy to understand . highly recommended textbook .
have read the whole leaphorn/chee series by tony hillerman . this is one of the better ones - the subject is topical and the characters take on more definition . the overall " feel " is that this time , the subject is of a more personal nature to tony hillerman ? a good read
this is a great book about risk . very valuable . written in a clear and easy to understand style . a bargain at 5 times the price . you ca n't get this info and data anywhere else
john lynch wrote a classic in spanish-american revolutions 1808-1826 . he masterfully describes all the events that led to the independence of latin america from spain . the book starts in rio de la plata and ends in mexico and central america . curiously one can note a common pattern of highly stratified societies lead by spanish officials and merchants in not complete harmony with the creole ruling class . the reluctance of spanish monarchy ( and later even of liberals ) led to independence basically motivated for the economic and social interests of the creoles ( spanish born in america ) . for all of those who are interested in a better understanding of latin american societies of today this great book is a must . lynch cleverly combines historical and economic facts about the hispanic american societies looking for free trade and in such a way clashing with the status quo of monopolies imposed by the decaying metropolis . two thumbs up
i can recite most of it from memory , i love it so ! i tell people about it all the time and recommend it ( along with alexander who used to be rich last sunday ) as a staple in every library . it 's a great one to have even if you do n't have kids ( sometimes the little buggers show up for visits ! ) this book does a hilarious job of pointing out to kids that some days just stink and that you live through them anyway . the illustations have some great humor for the adults . read it aloud to someone you love ! aura mae , author of get some hairapy - a hairdresser 's prescription for happiness
i recommend that most people do not read this book . if you choose to ignore me and you read the work anyway , please first be remotely acquainted with and keep in mind a few things before you attempt to do so ( and certainly before you try to express an ostensibly reputable opinion on amazon ) : * * magical realism * * ; jewish history , religion , culture and humor ( although the last is perhaps redundant ) ; memory ; folk lore ; the english language ; love ; the nature of histories ; sex ; death ; pain ; narrative style and voice ; the multiplicity of human , and likewise jewish , experience ; imagination . i will assert , because i hope it is true , that you do n't need to all of these things to enjoy " illuminated , " but you do need to be familiar with some of it . and you must be willing to spend some time with this book to enjoy it . all those with self-diagnosed a.d.d . need not bother cracking the spine . however , even if you qualify despite the rigor of what may be required of you , everything may be indeed sadly " obfuscated . " or perhaps less disappointingly , only partly obfuscated . if so , do n't get angry . do n't curse the gods or creative writing programs . and certainly , if you are going to write bad reviews on amazon , preface it first with your own faults as a reader . lastly , buck up . read another book . even the bible ( another little book high up on the best seller 's list ) is not for everyone . and for those of you out there who disagree to my approach with this review of " illuminated " , that is fine . dismiss it . at least , please do n't take the advice of any other critic here who speaks in an equally perturbed voice . moreover , do n't read it for the reviews...actually stop reading reviews . now
in my opinion , besides " beyond bodybuilding " , this book is the best " value for money " by pavel so far . two hundred something pages are saturated with information . explanations on how and why are thorough and comprehensive . description of techniques of exercises are not missing the smallest detail . highly recommended for training freaks .
it 's been several years since i read the book . saw it recently , the book seems to be a favorite , of the coffee-house , talky , chattering , left , marx-freud-rousseau crowd . however , all this at talk of a " just society " and the " underprivileged " can and does mean only one thing : a police state . anytime , a so-called " theory " attempts to create a utopian state , there will be coercion . anytime , there is coercion , you will infringe upon individual rights , freedom of speech , freedom of association and freedom to govern one 's own life . instead of a " police state " in the form of a theory of justice . he should have written a book titled " a theory of liberty " any society without liberty as the foundation will have coercion and hence the destruction of liberty . however , this book remains the coffee-house favorite . rawls was an " ivory tower pinhead " . a brief bio states that he was a professor all his adult life . what kind of adults spend their whole life having fake , phony , welfare for intellectual , make-believe jobs like being a professor of political theory . what dat ? ? ? ? ? oh , please get a real job . # 1 . those can not do will teach.... . so much for the ivory tower pinhead . a theory of justice will lead to a police state , a state of coercion . what we need is theory of liberty
another beautiful contribution by this author . love letters to make you weep , smile , laugh and imagine . . . or remember . . . how it feels to love and be loved
what lessons , if any , do past social movements teach american citizens ? is change feasible in today 's society ? howard zinn attempts to answer these two questions , along with a number of others , in his book entitled 'you ca n't be neutral on a moving train : a personal history of our times . ' a beautifully written and inspirational book , 'you ca n't be neutral on a moving train ' is quintessential zinn-direct , yet optimistic . zinn 's central argument is that we are all capable of participating in change , however , for change to occur , we must all experience a social and political reawakening . zinn 's book offers the reader a more hopeful version of politics and society . yet , such a version is only feasible if we , as americans , actively participate in the political process . this involvement will fill ones soul with a sense of meaning , and in the end will create a better world for all to live in . for those interested in the history of american society , politics , and social justice issues , 'you ca n't be neutral on a moving train ' is a marvelous book filled with inspiration
this book should be a mandatory read for every parent & parent to be . what an eye opener ! ! ! this book gives you things to look for in predators...how they operate . there are comments from real predators as well as victims . the book can be difficult to read at times . people are truly sick ! but it gives parents power in what to look for & how talk to your child ( ren ) . must read !
i 've been a sendak junkie since i was a kid . his books have always been among my very favorites , and i 'm happy to say they 're among my kids ' favorites as well . i also love pop-ups , so i was really excited to learn about this book . and i must say , my expectations have been surpassed . the story line is very simple : a young child looks for his mommy , encountering various monsters along the way and defeating them in creative ways . there are only a few written words in the book . but the story that the pictures tell is wonderful . what child would n't be delighted by a book in which a kid defeats the wolfman by pantsing him ? nosferatu gets a binky ! and there 's a ton of detail in the pictures as well . my girls like to spend several minutes looking at each page spread . then there are the pop-ups . this book is really a paper engineering marvel . the pop-up bits are enormously detailed and full of movement . my favorite part is when the boy unwraps the mummy . it 's an understatement to say the pop-ups are spectacular . the only reservation at all i have about this book is that my kids will probably love it to death . like another reviewer , i think i 'm going to buy them their own copy and keep one for myself ! if you have the least interest in sendak or pop-ups , or think you might , buy this book
first , a few words about each of the four different stories . " the man in the black suit " - 3 stars  this is a story about a 9-year-old boy who meets the devil himself . it 's a very scary experience for the boy , especially because his older brother died the year before and now the devil tells him that his mother has just died in the same way . this is the weakest of the four stories because the devil , although being scary , does n't really come across as a serious threat . what kind of second-rate devil is it that ca n't even catch a boy who decides to run away from him ? in " everything 's eventual " stephen king writes that this story won a prestigious " best short story " award in 1996 , much to his surprise . that surprises me too , because in my opinion this story is not that great . " all that you love will be carried away " - 5 stars  this is the shortest story ( only 35 minutes ) and one of the two best ones in this collection . alfie zimmer is a traveling salesman in the american midwest . he has an amazing hobby and he 's tired of life . but if he commits suicide , what will everyone think of his hobby ? what makes this story so good are the very detailed and evocative descriptions of the conditions under which a traveling salesman lives . alfie 's strange hobby is also captivating , as are the descriptions of the landscape and isolated towns in the bleak and barren midwest . in " everything 's eventual " stephen king admits that alfie 's strange hobby was actually something he did himself ! " the death of jack hamilton " - 4 stars  this is a very unusual story for stephen king . it tells a " mythical " story about the 1934 death of jack hamilton , member of the john dillinger gang . homer van meter , another gang member , purportedly tells the story . john dillinger , jack hamilton and homer van meter were all real people . you can find a lot of interesting background information about them by doing an internet search for john dillinger . despite the fact that these were all ruthless gangsters we find ourselves sympathizing with them . stephen king 's approach to the story is that gangsters are also human beings . the slow death of jack hamilton and the efforts of john dillinger to get him medical help and dillinger 's distress as jack hamilton 's condition worsens are powerful images . " that feeling , you can only say what it is in french " - 5 stars  this is the best story in the collection . carol was brought up as a strict catholic , but then , during the first years of her marriage to bill , she had an abortion . now she and bill are supposed to be celebrating their 25th wedding anniversary and carol is being subjected to a horrendous punishment for what she did . what makes the story fascinating is that it is not god who is punishing carol . no , it is carol , under the influence of her catholic upbringing , who has prescribed her own punishment . and this punishment carol is inflicting on herself is much worse than a benevolent god would come up with , even assuming that god considers what carol did to be wrong . in summary , two very good stories , one good one , and one that 's just ok . the four stories are read by four different professional readers . the total running time is approx . 3 hours 40 minutes , not 4 hours as specified on the packaging . all four of these stories are included in the book " everything 's eventual " , along with 10 other short stories by stephen king . if you want to save money or if you dislike audio books then " everything 's eventual " is a better deal . rennie peterse
fascinating exploration into the physics of cooking , written in an engaging and detailed style . probably better for the scientist who cooks than for the cook who 's into science , since the language is sometimes a little dense for the layperson . worth working through , though , if only for the gorgeous and elegant formula for figuring out how long to boil your eggs to get them exactly right . one caveat : the author is british , and recipes , measurements , and terms are geared for the british/european cook . this means you 'll find a complete explanation of sausage rolls and nothing about popcorn . just fyi
written by a senior business advisor in the fields of security , commerce , and governance with a senior strategist and communications consultant , mapping security : the corporate sourcebook for today 's global economy outlines how companies of today and tomorrow can effectively protect themselves against threats , remain fully accountable , and stay within the rules outlined by a hedgemony of global regulations . detailed nation-by-nation drill downs on security in europe , the middle east and africa , the americas , and the asia-pacific region are particularly helpful in framing what to expect and how to prepare for it . written in plain terms , mapping security is a vital resource for leaders in any multinational business , especially in today 's complex world inhabited customers of diverse cultural backgrounds , not to mention increasingly savvy thieves and worse .
every page is an eye opener . the author has done an excellent job revealing the side of hillary that has so long been hidden . i think america could do better by picking a different first woman president . someone with some morals and a love of our country . she has neither . it is an important " first " that should withstand the test of time . historians are going to have a field day writing all the trash these two are involved in . her mothering skills reveal a great deal about her character . her child was always placed last . the only time hillary showed any family unity was when it was necessary for the media to put her in a positive light . how did these two gain so much wealth in such a short amount of time ? they did not even own property when " they " became president . there are still a lot of questions to be answered , and many more books to be written about this family . 8 years of these two is quite enough .
period
an excellent , well explained art book , with beautiful and easy to follow illustrations . the book is a treasure chest of ideas suitable for the primary classroom . this book provides plenty of opportunities to explore the various strands of the visual arts field . a great resource for any teacher , parent or doting aunt
a very good and indept look at andrew jackson . the author was very thorough including a very good look at early 19th century american . andrew jackson 's a contraverisal president . on the good side he defeated the british at the amazing battle of new orleans , help in expanding into the west , a great soldier , clearly loved his wife rachel enough to duel to defend her , and was probably the only president who could threaten a state with military force if it tried to leave the union and tough enough to make it happen . on the flip side his percusion of indians , the trail of tears , his many duels makes him a very complex and sometimes hard to understand person . but still a great biography
although the original elements of style was written in 1919 ( or earlier ) , it still holds true that anyone who wants to learn how to write in a clear and concise manner will benefit from this book . after reading this book you 'll know to avoid breaking elementary rules and principles that are made in writing : excessive use of adjectives and adverbs , writing in the passive voice , using different tenses in writing , using the improper case of pronouns ( example : using " who " when " whom " should be used and vice versa ) . one of the most important things that the writer stands to gain from this book is an improvement in his writing style . after reading this book , you will know how to write in a way that comes naturally , write with nouns and pronouns ( not superfluous adverbs and adjectives ) , write and then rewrite , but do not overwrite and overstate , use orthodox spelling , do not explain too much , avoid fancy words , be clear , do not inject opinions , use figures of speech sparingly , and countless other helpful techniques . to say that this book should be required reading for all writers is an understatement . this book should be required reading for anyone that writes
i have read almost all of greg bear 's books and loved eon and eternity as well as the forge of god and anvil of stars . i found legacy a little disappointing compared to eon and eternity , which preceded them . the narrative spends a lot of time on the human interactions of the characters , and not much time on the technological concepts of the flaw and gate openers , which i missed . i did finish this book and at times was quite spellbound by it . not mr. bear 's best work , but a must-read if you have read eon and eternity
someday , i would love to travel to the places that ann rule writes about ! as she is so discriptive , i usually feel like i have known these places , and the people she writes about , although...i have never been . these cases she presents in no regrets , are as real to me , as if i 'd known them , and felt the sorrow of their loss ! my personal favorite was a very bad christmas..i usually like her christmas ones , like black christmas in vol.2 ! i have always planned to review all her books ( of which i own ) , they are all wonderful , and amazon has them . just buy them , you 'll be glad you did
my only caveat about this otherwise enjoyable installment in the eve dallas series is that the web site did not prominently state ( i.e. , i missed it ! ) that this had previously been published as part of an anthology . i made the mistake of only checking the publishing date , decided it was a new novella published independently ( as would be deserved , given the track record of the series ) , and ordered it without checking further . my bad . but a reminder to readers who want to buy everything from the series -- be sure to read the description carefully enough to determine whether it is a previously-published-in-a-book-you-already-own item !
i 've been staring at a copy of thomas friedman 's 'from beirut to jerusalem ' on my shelf for nearly a year now , meaning to read it but always drawn to something else . finally , recent events demanded that i learn more and i finally pulled it down , dusted it off , and read it . i 'm so glad i did , especially now . the book is not the easiest read , since it delves into a lot of regional history and politics , which gets complex no matter what you do . friedman 's writing style , however , goes a long way towards making the text quite accessible for just about anyone , and his unique perspective on the events that he witnessed and covered in his role as a journalist keeps it interesting and always relevant . what i really appreciated about the way friedman presents his story is that it really is his story . he is obviously a man gifted with a keen sense of observation , and so he picks up on many details others might miss , such as the faces of israeli soldiers or the opinions of lebanese taxi drivers . but still , the story is told mainly through events he observed directly -- he just happened to be there for many of the events that shaped the middle east as it is today . he tells it in both large and small terms , from some of the politicians he met and interviewed to discussions he had with neighbors and colleagues while living in the region . the result is that you get the broad spectrum of what was going on in the region , particularly in the 1980 's , a critical decade of events . i also appreciated friedman 's fairness throughout the book . from his perspective on the lebanese government to the palestinian intifada to the israeli occupation to the american involvement in the region , he deals with all of the players fairly , whether big or small , famous or unknown . that 's not to say he does n't have criticisms -- certainly , he has plenty to say about everyone...but one is never left with the feeling that he has been too harsh on one side and lenient on the other . friedman 's willingness to observe with an unbiased eye and ear is key to the strength of this book . even with the newer added chapters , dealing with the late 1980 's and early 1990 's , this book can not be considered a " complete " history of the middle east , or even of the events of the last 50 years . however , it is not meant to be that , i think . what friedman has documented here is an excellent primer for anyone interested in learning more about how we got to where we are today in lebanon and israel and palestine . the book is not an end in itself , but for someone who wants to learn more about the region that is in the news almost every day , this is an excellent place to start . the only way to avoid repeating the mistakes of the past is to learn from them . as such , 'from beirut to jerusalem ' should be required reading today
in " the year of the jackpot " , a statistician graphs the points of convergence of cyclycal events . overlapping his graphs , he notices that the wavy lines are approaching extremes . interesting times . the story " by his bootstraps " is not logically sound : how did bob wilson get to the other side of the gate so that he could operate the gate before sending for the first version of himself ? " the menace from earth " tackles earth moon female jealousy . " sky lift " details the heroism of a rocket pilot carying an antidote to the pluto colony . " goldfish bowl " asks : what if humans were kept as pets by disinterested intelligent beings ? " project nightmare " is about psionic humans who are able to locate nuclear devices and prevent atomic fusion -- using psi ability . " water is for washing " is about a mega earthquake that creates a new sea between the pacific plate and the north american plate . the gulf of california extends to los angeles
my son ( 34 ) is currently incarcerated . he asked for this book so i had it sent to him . he holds on to it for dear life and swears , had he read this years ago , it would have changed his life for the better and he would n't be where he 's at . he raved so much , he insisted i order one for myself . i did . in summary , what i derived from the reading was one must be callous in this life and put yourself first . otherwise , you 'll be no more than a stepping stone for others . it 's a good book but i oftentimes got lost in all its references to those that preceded us by 500-600 years . fellow inmates that have the book feel the same as my son . it 's a bible to them and they refuse to part with it for others to read for fear it will never be returned to them
serious genealogists hobbyists and professionals will be excited by this new resource , which thoroughly explains the new science of dna testing and how it can be applied to family history research . although this book is not for everyone , if you have successfully passed high school biology , you should be able to manage the information and its technology in this excellent reference . would n't it be interesting for a man and his wife to go back in time to discover about when they might have had an ancestor in common ? dna testing and analysis had give you that and much more . it can even give you an idea what part of the world your pre-historical ancestors lived and migrated to . the authors practice what they preach and tell how we can do it too , with many dna labs and companies listed and compared . we rated this book four hearts
dorothy parker was a great writer and a great social observant who now gives us a clear window into the past . her wit is biting and at it 's best in this collection , favourite reads are for the individual to decide , however , for me , as well as cheering me up with her razor sharp observation and almost cruel wit . parker also saddens me for her wit must have been based on the cynacism of one who viewed her life as overindulged and wasted by circumstance , as a wealthy woman and as a woman in her time . reading her is alawys like laughing with a red hot tear in your eye , for her work is as much an insight into her soul as it is to her lifetime and lifestyle
i rented this book from the library about a year or so ago . i loved it ! i 'm back here now b/c i 'm putting it on my wishlist for christmas ! i want to read it again and again . i 'd never read erica jong or anything about sappho . i saw erica on the daily show and they talked about this book and i ran to the library . you should buy this book ! greatness
this book is like a long short story that centers around danny and a period that he is at yale . he and his friends are preparing for a big party . the book goes on to follow danny as he tries to start a relationship with polly ( who is sometimes on sometimes off in her relationship with one of her professors ) while remembering about a local girl back home named cindy who he kind of left in the lurch after they finally went all the way . just before danny is ready to go home for spring break and work on his father 's mobile lunchmobile , cindy arrives at the school with a big surprise . this changes danny 's view on things and makes him numb to the point that he even does n't care when some toughs try to hone in on his father 's lunch route and threaten him . danny goes back to school after the break and after resolving his issues with cindy to attend the big bash that his friend matt was planning at the beginning of the book . this book like one of his later works , little children , shows perrota 's talent for creating intriguing characters in such short novels . this book like the other seems to end too prematurely and definately screams out for a sequel ! perrota is a super talented writer and i would love to seem him develop a much larger complete novel than leave the audience hanging at the end of another short one
i read 1776 shortly sfter having read mccullough 's john adams so some of the same ground was covered but from a different perspective , i found 1776 to be an interesting and smoothly flowing read . anyone who has enjoyed and appreciated david mccullough 's other works will enjoy 1776
very good book but only buy it if you are looking for a book with a very strange sense of humor . in the first story he explains his job as an elf at santaland and describes his daily life . it is so funny , some of the things people do there are amazing and crazy at the same time . do n't buy this book if you are looking for a nice book to read to your young kids or just sit in front of the fire reading a romantic book while it is snowing outside . but if you are looking for something funny and odd at the same time , then by all means buy this book
the twist here is that the reader knows while the characters do not . in a matter of minutes , nine people 's fates are determined by three men sitting in a jail cell . simply playing a " game " to pass the time , each man names three people he 'd like to see killed . when the first man is released , three people become a target as he follows through with the game . the first in a trilogy , dead wrong gets it dead right . mara douglas is on one of the men 's list , and it 's up to aidan shields to protect her . while the book is decidedly light on the traditional sex part of a romantic suspense , it is implied . i liked both characters , and aidan avoids being the atypical surly alpha male with surprising charm and affection . i ca n't wait for dead certain , which follows the second man as he is released from jail and takes up the gauntlet thrown down by the first man . i got this one from the library , but i certainly will buy the next two
would you like to bake portugese egg tarts , middle eastern pizzas with lamb and pine nuts , almond milk bread ? or how about tender potato bread , velvety bean bread , dom 's italian boules and focaccia ? there 's also , sweet potato rolls , cranberry-chocolate sweet buns , chelsea buns , truck-stop cinnamon rolls , sticky buns , cathead skillet biscuits , bangkok waffles with dipping sauce , snowshoe bread , ciabatta , irish potato bread , new year 's pear cake , naomi 's any-day skillet cake , brazilian bolo , martha 's mother 's cookies , and so on . or , if you are ready for a trip to tibet , wales , syria , brazil , france , and/or italy--it 's here , too . please enjoy this wonderful book--in the kitchen for those you care for , and on the couch with a cup of coffee--and one of these finished recipes , of course
this book provides an excellent guide to finding and hiring the right people for your organization . if the procedures outlined here are learned and followed , one can be certain of consistently better hiring decisions in the future
once again john patterson has created a master thriller in the alex cross series . character development is well done as is the plot line . one ca n't help but be drawn into the story and feeling the tension . this is another winner
i read " six frigates " sailing south down the coast of australia from hamilton island in the whitsunday group . keen to dodge a storm , we did a 48 hour dash down to the safety of yepoon running a 3 hours on/3 hours off watch cycle . problem was i didnt get any sleep . i was too deep inside six frigates . back on deck , i 'd update my watch on what i 'd just read . they loved it . sailing by instalments . ian toll 's a wonderful writer . the man is a time machine . he drops you right into the middle of the smoke-filled , blood splattered action . patrick o'brian fans : this is the book for you . toll 's also a deft hand at dropping insights that get you thinking . like the half-parargraph mention of madison writing to thomas jefferson agreeing that a war with the arab states of north africa could easily be won , and in the process stop the attacks on us merchant ships but advises jefferson that the issue will be the cost of then keeping the peace... perhaps george w should have a read a little more history at college . you 'll taste the sweat and blood and salt on every page . best read i 've had in ages . and my shipmates agree ! cheers andrew maloney aboard sonne
the author , james surowiecki , lays out and explores a variety of general and specific cases of groups of people acting either wisely or stupidly . the examples are all easy to relate to , and i found them to raise meaningful questions in my mind which were answered in due course in the text . when i think of crowds , i think of unthinking masses moving together , led by tradition , habit , or an individual . how can that be wise ? a more accurate title would be " how some groups of people can make better decisions than experts , while others act like collective idiots , and what characteristics distinguish the two types of groups " , although that 's hardly likely to sell as many copies . : - )  for me this really shed some light on my past experiences of participating in successful and unsuccessful teams at work . i 'd sometimes wondered why i 've been on a few teams that appeared to " click " ( smart people who want to work together to achieve a common goal ) , but our results were n't great , whereas other teams have been successful . what was it that made a good team ? i had some of the pieces , felt i still had some real gaps in my knowledge . this book certainly helped . to paraphrase the basic idea that i took away from the book , teams of people can achieve superior results if : 1 each individual on the team is well informed ; 2 the work of one individual does not influence the work of another ; 3 there is an objective method to aggregate individual conclusions into a group conclusion . as simple as they sound , there are many ways to fail , and the book does a great job of exploring a variety of phenomena that cause failure .
this book is fun comical book for children who want to read something mysterious . this cute book gives the reader the enthusiasm in turning the pages to see what happens of the young boy going into a creepy house focusing on the search of his mother . cynthia marie rizzo , author of " julie and the unicorn " and " angela and the princess
it 's an easy read and can be applied immediately to you situation . the book brings the basics of leadership traits and principles to the reader similar to the military leadership books i 've read in the usmc . so many times have i held jobs where a manager , although excellent in managing projects , through some lack of sensitity or judgement created an uproar that cause moral to fall and people to become resentful and leave . there are many stories in the press of managers and ceos restricting " bathroom breaks " , playing favorites , freezing wages and laying off employees while taking huge " bonuses " like american airlines and enron . what 's present here is basic but essential information for anyone in a leadership roll whether at work , church functions , or managing a family trip . this should be required reading for everyone before you find yourself in a situation as leader . the boss could be out for a whole month tommorrow . can you keep the team working smoothly while the boss is out or is it party time
again , jodi picoult is excellent . you are truly able to engolf yourself in the characters and thier emotions
i 've read this book four times through the years since i first bought it . the love between the two main characters , though a forbidden love , is so beautiful and magical it made me cry for meggy and father ralph . not only is this an unforgettable love story , it 's also a great education about sheep farming in australia . magnificent description of a then harsh land . the dialogue is believable , the characters so very real .. . i did n't simply read this book , i experienced it . when the characters laughed , i laughed , and when they cried , my heart broke for them . poor little meggy ... poor father ralph . how bittersweet and memorable . i really ca n't get over the quality of this book and the sensitivity of the author . review by betty dravis , author of a new epic love story , 1106 grand boulevar
this book has changed my life . it is amazing how much i learned about myself . now i understand my wife and other people , and i do n't judge them anymore . my relations to others is now easear and less stressfull . thanks
good , high-level analysis of current us vs european international relations written from a conservative perspective . as with any book covering fluid world events this book can only provide a snapshot , circa 2000-04 , of those events . but there are two significant underlying assumption in this book :  first , as the single greatest world power , the us will project its power for decades in any region of the world it feels has long-term impact to its strategic goals , such as europe throughout the entire cold war , southeast asia in the 60 's & 70 's and in the middle east today . second , us historically has viewed itself as the proponent of the spread of liberal democracy through out the world . rather than focusing on the snipping back and forth between the us & europe , the two major assumptions of this book could serve as a litmus test to observe how current us foreign policy in the middle east plays itself out over the next few decades . is it merely a current political view or a historic shift in strategic focus to a different region of the world ? stay tuned . it is a well-written , quick read with meaningful subcontextual insights .
in some ways km soehnlein 's the world of normal boys reminded me of the teenage novels of paul zindel . there is that same depth of feeling along with characters that can break your heart and make you laugh at the same time . zindel wrote specifically for adolescents . soehnlein does not have those restrictions and has written a brutally honest book about homosexual experimentation among post-pubescent boys and its social implications . although the book is written for adults , it speaks on a deep personal level to the adolescent in all of us . the world of normal boys is the story of a family that falls apart when a tragic accident befalls the youngest child . the story is seen through the eyes of the victim 's 13-year-old brother as he tries to find something to hold on to while his mother drifts into alcoholism , his father goes nuts , his sister becomes a religious fanatic ( and a kleptomaniac ) and he finds himself smitten with two boys . one is todd , the athletic and arrogant brother of his girl-pal confidante who lives next door . the other is scott , a boy who deals drugs , cuts school and has an alcoholic father who beats him . all the characters are vividly rendered . if this were ever turned into a film , the actress who plays the mother would probably win an oscar just for her final scene in the car . this is powerful and emotional writing . i found it very moving . it 's tempting to want to recommend this book to a wide audience , but i am reticent because there are several scenes of furtive and unacknowledged sex between teenage boys that could upset some people . but i will never forget this book . five stars
this is a book about beauty , passion , a longing for the thing that a true artist or lover of the arts , especially music , craves and feels , the fire that burns within . a book that dares to take one , if one dares to take that step , on a journey deep into the bare souls of it 's characters . the story that unfolds is not a story that has a specific plot , or develops into dramatic changes for the characters . that is not what the author wanted to convey , and one should approach this book as one would a tale of a little piece of humanity , and not expect the characters to travel actively without . the book gives us these people , the town , the surroundings . it brings us deep into the realities , the thoughts , the complexities of the human soul . the people are good , bad , ugly , beautiful , selfish , depressed , found , or lost . but from the moment the reader of this book feels the passion for music in mick kelly 's soul , and her yearning to soar above the squalor and desperation of the small town , then the author reveals her own soul with her words , for those that pick up on what her words show . i am still amazed at the power this book has . any other readers here who have written that they failed to understand why one should bother reading this book , should perhaps make due with fast moving action books or glossy novels about the rich and famous . for me , this book will always be the book that made me capable of understanding how a writer weaves words together with her soul
gods and generals is an extremely well done and fascinating book . the author , jeff shaara , did an excellent job of interpreting the characters . his task was a difficult one because his father 's book , the killer angels is a classic in the chronicles of civil war stories . this book precedes the one written by his father . gods and generals takes the reader to the beginning of the civil war and through many of the battles . the major players in the story are winfield scott , robert e. lee , stonewall jackson , winfield hancock and lawrence chamberlain . the career biographies of these famous men were striking . after reading of their early lives and service experiences , it gave me a better understanding of just how horrible a civil war was to all of these men who had formerly served together in the union army . they were an outstanding group of soldiers and the sadness that they all faced was to go to war against fellow soldiers and friends . i listened to the unabridged books on tape version read by dick estell . he brought the characters to life by his narration . this book is well worth the time and truly is an unforgettable part of our history .
i picked up this paperback because my curiosity was stimulated by watching mystic river , the film based on another lehane novel . darkness , take my hand did not disappoint . different characters , same setting , and identical sense of insanity and irredeemable evil . lehane 's prose is intelligent and witty without being overbearing , a welcome change from many other authors who crank out formulaic , hackneyed language and stories in the crime genre . lehane 's descriptions jump right off the page at you . his characters are so human , so intense , their dialogue so sharp , that it 's almost like watching a movie in your mind . there is n't a wasted word in this book . the suspense starts to build on page 1 , and never lets up , becoming more and more menacing with each subsequent chapter . this is a stay-up-late read to finish only when you 're not alone in the night . lehane 's other works top my summer reading list . i 'd love to see what he could do in a different genre
as a parent of an adolescent with asperger syndrome , i found this book easy to read and understand , with practical how-to instructions and guidelines for preparing my son to enter the work force . i really liked the emphasis on developing social and communication skills that are found throughout the book . this is one i will recommend to friends and relatives as well as my son 's educators
this book was hard to put down.ca n't wait for the next book
oblomov is a guy who never quite manages to do anything . he has great difficulties managing to do anything . finally a friend manages to convince oblomov that he must be active , otherwise he will never escape his laziness . the psychology in the story is great . the plot is always simple , perhaps too slowly progressing . there is much humour in this book . the characters are truly believable
i loved this book ! the authors share technqiues from carnival barkers , magicians , and tradeshow pros who know how to grab attention and captivate any audience . while some books provide only principles , this book gives you step-by-step magic tricks , persuasion mechanisms and techniques that anyone can apply . written in a conversational tone , this entertaining book tells you the why and the how of persuasion . diane diresta , author , knockout presentation
this book is a wonderful all-color rendition which has important factual information on the tallest man , the tripling of the population in the past half century and the spectacular olympus mons on the marsian surface- just to mention a few of the many features contained . the book is perfect for student projects in science and the arts . it well worth the price charged
gilbert ryle shows a great skill in condensing his whole argument in a succinct metaphor . on page 16 , he writes : " a foreign stranger visiting the oxford campus is shown libraries , department buildings , and museums . then he asks " but where is the university ? " . this is the " category mistake " . cartesian question " where is the mind ? " has a same confusion , he asserts . a famous epigram " ghost in the machine " is sometimes misinterpreted . his point is that there is no " ghost " . what we think ghost ( spirit ) does not exist ( therefore ghost ! ) . although the philosophy of ordinary language and the logical behaviorism , the british school represented by wittgenstein and ryle , had an its apogee in 50 's , its crux of reasoning still has an important element . i still feel the current dominant school in cognitive science such as functionalism has a long way to go , before it can make it acceptable for broader spectrum of scientists whose prime mode of thinking is purely materialistic or physicalistic .
the concept of mind is a great book for several reasons . the main reason to me is that ryle clarifies the concept of being human , while he uses language in a natural way . in stead of constructing concepts based on ( for example scientific ) assumptions , he shows what we already see as obvious , just by pointing out what we mean with our ordinary language . he is far from reductionistic ; mark the subtle irony : 'man need not be degraded to a machine by being denied to be a ghost in a machine . he might , after all , be a sort of animal , namely , a higher mammal . there has yet to be ventured the hazardous leap to the hypothesis that perhaps he is a man .
different , refreshing , entertaining , funny , eye opening....even better than reading the book is to listen to it ( buy the audio cd ! ) on a loooooong drive. .
he is a nightwalker , a navaho vampire who because he is only half nosferatu has the strength not to succumb to the allure of the dark side of his nature . he is a new mexico state police officer who is often teamed up with beautiful fbi agent diane lopez who not only knows what lee nez is but accepts him for his good heart . right now they are trying to infiltrate a smuggling ring made up of skinwalkers ( navaho witches ) who can shape shift at night and still retain their ability to think like a human . these smugglers known as the silver eagles go to mexico in animal form , meet with their suppliers , and return with silver and turquoise for jewelry suppliers who get their products at black market prices . the two cops seek to arrest humans who are part of the smuggling ring and kill the shapeshifters so they no longer can carry out their evil plans . while diane and lee stalk the silver eagles , they are hunted by a vampire who wants to kill them because they murdered her nest including her husband and brother . they remain on guard at all times because beside each other they do n't know who they can trust . once again the thurlos provide readers their interpretation of the vampire mythos unique to the navaho culture . lee can stay in sunlight provided he uses sun block while his speed , strength and night vision make him a better police officer . in the thurlos world , skinwalkers are evil creatures who must be killed ; a variation on the hapless victim werewolf legend . blood retribution is a fantastic horror mystery thriller that readers of these genres will want to read . harriet klausner
loved this book . i think that this is a must-read for anybody working in a shelter or rescue situation . the only negative comment is that the people who really need to read the book are not going to read it . working in the field , we see first-hand the changes that need to be made in our thoughts on animals . i wish that reading this book could be required before obtaining any animal . i will say that i cried during parts of the book
" by a hypnotism that defies explanation--at least by a non-german--hitler held the allegiance and trust of this remarkable people to the last . it was inevitable that they would follow him blindly , like dumb cattle but also with a touching faith and even an enthusiasm that raised them above the animal herd , over the precipice to the destruction of the nation . "  this remarkable book is based principally on the captured german documents , the interrogations and testimony at the nuremberg trials of german military officers and civilian officials , the diaries and memoirs which some of them have left , and on shirer 's experience in the third reich . shirer became one of the most respected journalists in wartime europe . the book is exhaustive and detailed with extensive notes and bibliography . a bit of patience is needed to get through the dialect , often quoting mein kampf . shirer brings forth wonderful descriptions of the people who played a role in those troubled times . the individual battles are not detailed , so one will need to refer to other sources for a more detailed look at these battles and horrors that ensued . this is an important book for those interested in germany and life in the third reich at this time . the reich rises with a quick run through of hitler 's youth and the german history , then the politics and hitler 's megalomania that led to national socialism and the rise to dictatorship . the treaty of versais and the fall of the mark lead to germany 's economic fall , allowing for the people to welcome in a dictatorship , a new messiah by deceit . the military buildup could now begin . the coups to overthrow hitler and the nazis had already failed and will continue to fail throughout the war . for the officers it was either death by hitler or death by fighting . the massacres of the russians began soon after the invasion of the east . the french and other countries were also caught up in the massacre , and william gives us the eyewitness reports . the " jewish cleansing " started soon after the nazis took over their first countries . the nazis kept developing more and more efficient means of extermination and experimentation . there is an exhaustive lead up to the start of w.w.ii , the invasion of poland . there was freighting information discovered on what would have been in store for britain if invaded , not to mention the world and the slaughter of russia . the nazi 's pinnacle arrives at about 2/3 of the way through the book where the fall begins with the allied advance . it took military action eventually to stop hitler 's " new world order " , not the people . the lack of doing anything to stop hitler from walking into the rhineland should not be forgotten . does not the blame fall partly on the people , chamberlain , and the military generals ? maybe if more would have read mein kampf , and not disregarded it 's contents millions would not have lost their lives . the nazi propaganda took over the press , and soon indoctrinated the german people . there were many opportunities to stop hitler by france and britain early on . have we not learned anything from the past ? is there not a parallel in our country ? " the germans imposed the nazi tyranny on themselves . "  hegel was one of the many influences on hitler and marx . hegel and marxism is still very much alive today in humanism , nationalism , " supreme state " , racism , and mysticism
after reading a book of sandra brown 's that i horribly disliked , i was hesitant to give her another shot . i 'm truly glad i did ; the witness was a first-rate thriller ! the villains in this book are greasy , sick individuals that rather turned my stomach...just what you like when you want to get a taste of why a person would run for their life ! sandra brown wrote these characters ( and that of ricki sue-who i could easily picture ! ) particularly well . the baby was truly the icing on the cake : this infant motivated kendall throughout the book and , like any mother , lived for the love of her child . i also loved the sexy , romantic element here-it was just enough that it did n't overwhelm the story...even better , it did n't change kendall into a mindless goober ( a state which many female characters in " romance " novels often achieve . )  the witness succeeded on so many levels yet fell short of a full five-star rating . perhaps it was the crooks...they came off a bit cliche , but were still necessary characters . still , this book is an excellent , thought-provoking choice with a wow ending . very enjoyable
since reading this book in 1994 , i have used it as a reference for my life and work . using a warm and witty style of writing , allen teaches us the physiological and emotional benefits of mirth . my favorite chapter title is &quot ; strike while the irony is hot ! &quot ; so clever ! ! i recommend this book to friends who are facing life challenges and to everyone who attends my workshops . on a more personal note , since embracing the healing power of humor , i felt freer to add a little levity to my aunt alice 's funeral . my family was amazingly grateful . me too
while not written at the level of technical philosophical detail as aquinas or pannenberg ( as another review here stresses ) , this text is still set apart from most general theological treatments by its philosophical clarity and coherence . this is in addition to the virtues of its serious treatment of the range of scriptural data concerning each topic , its apologetic engagement with differing views , and its practical counsel for life and ministry . it is a great resource for thinking through major theological issues and positions . i recommend it highly
my pick for the finest book of 2005 . ( ok smith 's on beauty is up there too ) we know from page one that we are in the hands of a master craftsmen ! reading ian mcgawen is like watching a great pitching performance . it might be slower paced than you 'd like but god is it beautiful . fraught with elegance and grace " saturday " is a great read and the work of a true literary giant . i highly reccomend this book .
book number three in the outlander trilogy , the fantasy historical romance of the time traveling claire fraser , has claire re-unite with her 18th century husband , jamie , who she left before the battle of culloden in dragonfly in amber . a time travel trip through the stones is once more necessary and claire has to leave her beloved daughter brianna behind . this trip is successful and claire is now plunged into the complicated life of jamie , who has survived the battle but now is dealing with the post-uprising difficulties of the scottish . while claire is involved with the difficulties of her re-union with jamie , there is also a series of mysterious and violent murders in edinborough , and the kidnapping of jamie 's nephew . claire and jamie sail the high seas and encounter pirates , voodoo and slave uprisings in the caribbean . this colorful third installment in the series at times seems like it tries a little too hard to have claire and jamie caught up in every possible adventure of the time period . nevertheless the foundation of the solid characters created and nurtured by gabaldan weather the slightly torrid escapades of this timeless romantic couple . one of the new characters is a bit flimsy and caricatured ; the giggling , bouncy , foot-worshipping chinaman mr. willoughby . although he later proves to be more substantial than his intial portrayal , the appearance of this character is contrived and jarring . a note i think the story would have been better without . despite its flaws , voyager continues the thread of a passionate romance and fascinating premise . the time travel fantasy is portrayed well--in particular the notion of what one would bring back to the 18th century if all you could carry was in your pockets . combining historical romance and fantasy was a genius stroke that makes this series of continuing interest . gabaldon 's superior narrative , likeable characters and excellent research continue and keep her audience hooked . in light of the inherent difficulty of maintaining reader interest in a character and premise over three books , this is a highly sucessful sequel .
this book was stunning - i was enraptured with the writing and loved the story . so many emotions in one book . looking forward to reading more from this author
angus konstam 's history of pirates uses works from the mariners ' museum in virginia to provide a powerful visual impact . piracy from ancient to modern times is surveyed in a series of maps , images , and discussions that cover specific events , regions , and pirates . plenty of historical and political background to the events place each in perspective and provide an excellent survey of mariner events of the times . there are other pirate histories on the market - but none with the commitment to visuals of history of pirates .
until very recently the subject of animal awareness has not even been approached with the correct questions . as rogers clearly points out , most of the research on cognition has been directed at supporting the assumption that consciousness is an exclusively human phenomenon . an inherited predisposition to preserve a human monopoly on consciousness survives only because it appeases our omnivorous behaviors . in the early 1600 's spinoza correctly determined the existence of an emotional balance . he told us that one extreme emotion will dominate the senses until such time that an equally extreme opposite emotion brings us back to emotional center . antonio damasio provides a compelling case that consciousness is inextricably linked to emotion in his book " the feeling of what happens : body and emotion in the making of consciousness " . using damasio and spinoza as a frame of reference it follows that each and every decision we make is based on an emotion , not a uniquely quantifiable language infused thought , as the popular human interpretation might assume . examples of this might be choosing the color of paint , a selection from a menu , the selection of a mate or which way to turn when unsure . animals have provided us with an exhaustive and document able list of emotional behaviors . how is it possible to arrive at the conclusion that animals are not conscious when most animals will clearly display behaviors consistent with emotional stimulus ? the last frontier of computer science is the quest for a conscious , non-human entity . ray kurzweil has spent the better part of his life predicting the emergence of an exponentially accelerating form of machine augmented human consciousness . in my view , it would be safer to assume that at some point technology will provide us with means to understand the different levels of consciousness that exist . while computers struggle to redefine consciousness by passing " turing tests " , visionary ethologists might find ways to interpret the world through different eyes . it is exceedingly difficult to discuss the subject of animal consciousness from the point of view of the animal and avoid emotional interpretations . lesley rogers has given us a glimpse of this vast subject by asking the correct questions and , providing the current objective answers from each available vantage point . at a disciplined two hundred pages the book stands out as a concise introduction to the subject of animal cognition .
i am a professional photographer , and i was looking for a book on lighting technique - which this book supplied excellently . their step by step approach is easy to follow and understand , and all explainations have images attached so you can see what they are talking about . they slowly build your general knowledge on how light works rather than supplying specific lighting diagrams , allowing ( and suggesting that you do ) you to adapt the knowledge to your own use . they then go into more detail with difficult lighting subjects such as metal , glass , and more , and how to deal with them . my only complaint is that the book is starting to feel a little old , especially when they talk about colour . it is almost exclusively film based with virtually no reference to digital technology . if they were to do an updated version with more emphasis on lighting for digital , i would provide 5 stars
this book was so different from what i thought it was about when i ordered it . it still was knowledgeable . it is hard to grasp as you must actually do the experimentation . i also thought the illustrations should be in color since that is what the book is about . it has some examples in the beginning of the book but i hate to keep looking around in books i personally like it to appear in front of me as i read . it was a very interesting book to say the least
over the years i managed a staff , i grew concerned about the ignorance of basic business behavior among employees . asking a new staff member to read a book like this might head off some future conflicts . worth a try... maybe even highlight some sections that you feel are most important
walter boyne 's the influence of air power upon history is an informed and informative history which examines the nature and applications of air power from the early days of the balloon to current space warfare and jets . air power exercised in both war and peace times survey the contributions made by people and technology of each era , drawing some important links between individual achievement and usage
the insights here are simple , straightforward and profound . it explains how modern society can sometimes put men into a no-win situation , resulting in a feeling of frustration , impotence , incompetence , and depression . the only socially acceptable way to express it is rage ( even though rage is vilified , i can tell you that showing hurt , pain and weakness invites scorn , distain and disrespect , even from those who purport to love us ) . by explaining how we get into this trap , it helps us to understand it and thus gives us a chance to find a way out . i wish i could give a copy of this book to every man and woman in the world . i see so much of it played out every day all around us , and the pain both men and women feel because of it does so much damage . read it before you have a crisis if you can , but if you are already in crisis , make the effort to read this book even if you ca n't read anything else . it might even save your life . believe me , i know what i 'm talking about .
it was a cold and snowy february day when a stranger walked to a small country inn and ordered a meal and a private room . this stranger guards his privacy and desires solitude . his luggage consists of many bottles of powders and fluids as would be used by an experimental investigator . the local general practitioner visits the stranger , and sees something he ca n't believe . then someone steals money from the reverend bunting although he and his wife see nobody . later mr. & mrs. hall , innkeepers , see the stranger 's room is empty , until the chair moves around as if possessed by spirits . when questioned by mrs. hall the stranger removes his nose ! then the bandages and spectacles go , and the people see no head ! when the constable comes to arrest him , the man removes all his garments and disappears into thin air . the crowd tries to grab him but he escapes . mr. thomas marvel , a wandering tramp , is found by this unseen and convinced to work for him . they return to the inn to fetch books and clothing . this sets off a commotion among the people there , and another chase . the panicked people fled from the streets and locked themselves in their homes . there was a story about " flying money " that was removed from shops and inns . at another inn marvel seeks shelter , he has escaped from the invisible man . when this unseen enters to take marvel away , a bearded american fires at the unseen with his revolver . later the unseen visits a physician for treatment of his wound ( his blood can be seen ) . the unseen has met dr. kemp at college , and is fed and clothed . the unseen explains the scientific principles of optical density in a general way . if the refractive index of a substance was lowered to that of air it would be invisible in most cases ( chapter xix ) . the unseen kept his work secret because of the thefts in the scientific world of science . but the unseen acquired money by foul means which cursed his work ! griffin tells of the previous experiments that led to invisibility ( chapter xx ) . the next chapters gives griffin 's history . but kemp has written to the police , and they arrive . griffin escapes once again , and kemp warns the police about what must be done ( chapter xxv ) . griffin is mad and inhuman , " pure selfishness " . his attempts to kill kemp lead to his own destruction , and his body becomes visible after death ( chapter xxviii ) . if accurate , this story provides a snapshot of life in london and its suburbs at that time . it also tells that carrying arms was nothing unusual . h. g. wells shows his literary skills in making believable an impossible condition . there are those who still believe that describing something in words makes it real ( like " childproof guns " , etc. ) . readers of wells ' later works can judge how close to the truth his writings were . this fable warns against uncontrolled scientific experiments , from poison gas to atomic bombs , or the current craze for cloning or " genetic modification " the story of unseen theft of money can also be a warning against a private banking cartel and its continual devaluation of the currency to help big business in its struggle against small businesses and working people . in this story the people unite to terminate the unseen ; this does n't always happen in the real world .
nora 's " in the garden " trilogy was great , but i must say not her best . her characters are so life-like and you actually feel like you 're part of the story . she 's a phenomenal author and i have not come across anything of hers that i have not thoroughly enjoyed . i also highly recommend " the three sisters island trilogy . " by far my favorite . happy reading !
the new economy is a global economy favoring intangible things : ideas , information , and relationships and is intensely interlinked . today , the new information based sector occupies over 15 % of the total us economy . in the postindustrial society , communication has become the economy and the cultural , technological , and conceptual impacts reverberate at the roots of our lives . the financial sector has reshaped the economy ; the financial sector ownership involves only a small number of people ; the financial innovations include : mortgages , insurance , venture funding , stocks , checks , credit cards , and mutual funds ; the financial sector has given rise to corporations , market capitalism , the industrial age , and has influenced how all business has been done . since communication is the economy , the net is the future . the net has accelerated in usage due to the increase in silicon chips and fiber optic data transmission ; the net is weaving lives , minds , and artifacts into a global scale network ; the result is the swarm of information , reticulating the surface of the planet ; the new economy will increasing obey the logic of the networks and understanding the network will be the key to understanding how the economy works . in 1997 , there were 6 billion non-computer chips and by 2005 the predicted usage was at 10 billion . the network represents connectivity . we are connection everything to everything . the network values the dumb power of bits in the swarm ; the connectivity and usage of the dumb bits or parts in the swarm yield smart results ; and we do n't need advanced artificial intelligence to make an intelligent system . the network is a link of distributed , bottom up , data bits ; it lets things communicate among themselves and takes a decentralized approach for communication , for example , manufacturing robots scheduling their own work based on incoming requests , as they bid on work dependant on their capability . the swarm aim is superior performance in a turbulent environment . consider the power of the " wisdom of the crowds " . in one case sample , 5,000 attendees , at a computer graphics conference were give individual access to a simulator and the task on how too land a plane . the attendee had novice knowledge about how to land the plane . the jet responded to the average decisions of the swarm . the group landed the jet with almost no direction . in another case example , the group was given the task to navigate a submarine and go look for buried treasure . the group could not initiate any movement until leadership from a loud speaker was given to " go right " . the leadership unlocked the paralysis of the swarm and the direction facilitated action . technology success is measured on how invisible it becomes to the end user and how effective it becomes to the long term strategy in developing products and services that ca n't be ignored . the power of the network increases in value n power 2 where n is the number of members . therefore , networks need to increase their critical mass of members to become effective . innovation attracts members . innovation is more important than price ; price is the derivative of innovation ; monopolies push up price and decrease quality and create a dangerous singular source of innovation ; and the network destroys monopolies through collective innovation , such as , open source .
offers 10 rules for organizations to follow to benefit from the emerging economy . the book is really just a condensed version of kelly 's earlier book , out of control
the late ed mcbain left all mystery buffs a lasting legacy with his 87th precinct novels but a worthy addition to this legacy is the gutter and the grave . written in 1958 , this hardboiled gem has been all but forgotten . but thanks to hard case crime , a new generation can experience this incredible early work from one of the all-time masters . the hero , cordell , is as tragic and harboiled as they come as he , soaked in cheap booze , wallows in the memory of an unfaithful wife . until a favor for a friend draws him into a web of murder and deception . it seems everyone is lying and each lie twists the tail in new directions , leaving the reader 's head spinning . the novel features mcbain 's usually excellent dialogue , the setting is well-drawn featuring the jazz scene in 1950 's new york . there 's humor , pathos , some great fights and enough broken dreams to fill broadway . this little gem of a novel has been unavailable for far too long . i give it my highest recommendation . fantastic !
greg treverton has written a much needed overview of the national intelligence process and correctly identified the challenges which face the us , in a post-9/11 world . his views of the world beyond 2010 are quite revealing and his challenges to the intelligence community to assess threats to the us are precisely focused . his views on the major intelligence entities reveal urgent modifications of structure and process , if the intelligence community is going to regain relevance with national customers . as a teacher of intelligence process , specifically as it relates to strategic warning , i believe this book is essential reading for anyone who aspires to be a true intelligence professional . this book will help even the wisest analyst understand how to maximize available sources and methods . the quest to provide the best possible intelligence is a goal which must be achieved .
is this a book of new yorker cartoons or a puzzle book ? well , it 's a little of both , and the result is a novel way to laugh and exercise your brain at the same time . most of the 83 puzzles consist of cartoons that are missing words , captions , or picture components . by figuring out the missing elements and sometimes combining them with acrostics , crossword puzzles , or other word grids , the cartoon humor is revealed . for the most part , the puzzles are of only moderate difficulty , although there are a few difficult ones ( at least for me ) that involve matching a cartoon with the decade in which it was created or matching cartoons from early and late in a cartoonist 's career . frequent puzzle solvers will recognize many of the familiar puzzle types from games magazine and other media that puzzability publishes in . the foreword to the book contains a casual and loosely coupled conversation between new yorker cartoon editor robert mankoff and new york times puzzle editor will shortz . this is an entertaining book that you 'll hate to throw away when it 's been completed because of all the witty cartoons it contains . enjoy ! eileen riebac
videohound 's cult flicks and trash pics is a book that i consult often . not only is it informative , but it 's very entertaining reading as well . this is a book that any cult movie lover should own . if the names roger corman , lloyd kaufman , ray dennis steckler , david lynch , frank henenlotter , jack hill , herschel gordon lewis , dario argento , paul bartel , russ meyer , terry gilliam , alex cox , edward d. wood , ken russell , george romero and john waters mean anything to you then you need this book . in addition to reviews of hundreds and hundreds of cult films , the book has lengthy bios of many of the above filmmakers as well as actors and other important cult figures . plus there are tons of photos , there 's a big specific category index to help you find exactly what you 're looking for and indexes for actors , directors and writers . one of my favorite features is that nearly every page features a quote from one of the movies featured in the book . this is a great book though it 's far from complete . lots of movie geeks will be able to look through the book and point out any number of movies that were left out . however , for every movie you know of that 's not in the book there are probably five that you 've never heard of . i recommend cult flicks and trash pics very highly
used this in medical school . excellent resource . in my time google and yahoo were not around , so this was the quick source . now that [ ... ] is around , not as necessary , but still valuable . there is a pediatric version as well . high yield
this is a great book for those who have interest in modern economics . vividly , the author used a lot of nice little stories to explain complicated theories proposed in academic papers ( works that received the nobel prize ) . i 'd strongly recommend this book to any undergraduate economics/business major as well
narrated through the heartfelt voice of amy tan , the kitchen god 's wife illustrates a compelling story of heritage and self-discovery . as a young chinese woman , winnie louie , the main character and the conduit through which tan expresses her voice , must endure an atrocious life under the abuse and torture of her wicked husband wen fu , a pretentious , arrogant , and egregious man who not only cheated his way up the military ladder , but also committed numerous felons including rape , murder , blackmailing , and extortion . day after day , beating after beating , winnie slowly begins to realize that in order to escape from wen fu and start a new life free from violence and marked by love , radical and immediate actions must be taken . when dealing with someone without even a modicum of human decency , someone like wen fu , the usual , traditional , and orthodox actions are futile . striking a perfect chord between concision and elaboration , tan keeps the reader constantly engaged as the dramatic story of winnie unfolds itself . relying mostly on authentic voice and keeping the meretricious elements to a minimum , tan narrates the novel with surprising precision and unmatched beauty . against the magnificent backdrops of a wwii-era china , the novel reassures the universal nature of mankind , that the problems troubling people today are experienced by all generations , regardless of race , nationality , or social status . as you read this rare gem amount literature , open the introspective window and enjoy the novel with your heart .
imagine you 're attending a career enhancement seminar and suddenly you 're doused with a giant bucket of ice cold water . in essence , " fire your boss " is just that . stephen pollan 's discourse on the stark realities of the real world of work shatter all the hyperbole and fluff of " careering " in not just corporate america but any occupational arena . it 's an easy , conversational and straightforward read that imho should be called " hire your boss " . pollan , a life coach with the style , chutzpah and hubris of a donald trump/scott adams hybrid , elaborates on the criticality of taking care of your number one customer in the microeconomic marketplace-your boss . pollan supports the essence of this approach with references to how the economic landscape has changed over the last few decades and how it 's helped to perpetuate agency activity in organizations . simply put , managers will continue to act purely out of self-interest rather than an alignment with organizational objectives . with this in mind , what will avail those of the non-management cadre the most is looking out for the needs of supervision , with more of a " hired gun " approach rather than that of a sycophant . many of pollan 's precepts will at first seem counterintuitive--such as " work for the money , the love will follow " or " lose your career , get a job " and may come across as trite and cynical . however when taken in context the underlying schema is this : a job is a means of providing income-no more , no less . trying to find personal fulfillment therein is a recipe for self-destruction . the author does a fine job of using the experiences of his clients to help illustrate these key concepts and concludes by offering a seven-step roadmap to help one achieve the empowerment and independence in the modern job market . although pollan drives across some salient points about the contemporary world of work he does tend to oversimplify a bit with regards to some management behavior . furthermore , some of his coping strategies have the guise of tactics that only a new york attorney could formulate . wait-pollan is a new york attorney . in sum , this is as an island of sanity in a sea of " be a star at work " banter that perpetuates the dangling-carrot-over-the-sea-of-cubicles syndrome . finally , when you boil this down you realize that one as an employee should consider themselves self-employed . i find it a good affirmation of what work really should be and a refreshing rebuttal to all the careering pundits whose success is predicated on the management 's mystification of office life . not for the faint of heart !
i liked this book , but i notice that all the critics seem to hate it . it did take me more than a year of picking at it on and off . i picked it up because walter laqueur referred to it in one of his books about terrorism . written in 1886 , it suggests that there is a pan-european anarchist underground , which the protagonist gets mixed up with . it is interesting in its depiction of liberal guilt among the wealthy , who support a political movement that would lead to their own extinction . the prose is wonderful , as is the depiction of the subtleties of the characters ' personalities , if you have the taste for that sort of thing . all in all , it was worth reading and it passed the most important test for a novel : i finished it with regret . i had previously read and liked portrait of a lady , which is a superior novel . as much as i liked it , i would have to say do not start with princess as an introduction to james . incidentally , i have a theory about the omniscient narrator in james ' books being a malign demiurge , but i will spare you that theorizing here
this was the book that got me to enjoy reading back in the day . this was also my first crichton , and i have to say i enjoyed it to the fullest . easy to read adventure novel
i think this is harriet lerner 's best book . i has the clearest and most helpful chapter on family secrets that i 've ever read . the chapter called &quot ; a funny thing happened on the way to the orifice&quot ; is worth the price of the book . the chapter on affairs , even though controversial , should be helpful to all couples , especially if you think your partner will never cheat on you
lost in the funhouse can be a very bewildering and irritating collection if you are n't in the right mood for it . if you are n't well-versed in post-modern fiction ( barthelme , calvino , etc are good reference points ) you might want to start somewhere else first . even barth 's novels are more immediately digestible . with that said , though , this collection does n't really operate on one consistent level . perhaps this is because many of these stories were written by barth much earlier in his career . the three stories concerning ambrose 's birth and development are very straightforward and enjoyable on a surface level until the whole series goes flying into left-field with the titular " lost in the funhouse " story ( which barth is probably most known for ) . from that point on , most of the stories are more about the process of writing and the relationship between the reader , writer , and the characters . stories like " title " and " life-story " work more as essays on the nature of fiction than actual works of fiction , and were ( for me at least ) a little tedious . the best moments occur when barth combines his thoughful analysis on the nature of writing and art with a really good ground-situation , typically based on greek mythology . the best of these are the utterly raunchy " petitition " and the labyrinthine " menelaiad " . taken as a whole , though , lost in the funhouse is greatly satisfying , even if ( like me ) you really only understood about 20 % of what barth was talking about on your first read-through . it 's the sort of book i 'll go back to again and again to try and delve deeper into the mystery of the funhouse while appreciating all over the hilarious bawdy humor . oh , and make sure to read barth 's seven additional notes at the front of the book ( though maybe only after you 've read the story that is being discussed in each note , so as not to ruin the initial experience ) -- they really help to clarify some of barth 's intentions . i ca n't even imagine appreciating a story like " glossolalia " without having read the note concerning it
i already have this book and i am now buying for friends . it does speak to all age groups and is magnifying to those of us gals who grew up in the same time . anna quindlin writes as if she broke into my body and stole my thoughts , my dreams and my memories . if so , i thank her for the intrusion because she obviously looked around . it sometimes takes my breath away , the way she puts into words exactly what i feel . i thank her for that , but i wo n't ask for royalties
though you may not immediately think that there is a connection between language and the places where you live and pass through , your sense of your surroundings and of language itself will be transformed after you read gaston bachelard 's &quot ; the poetics of space.&quot ; bachelard argues that language--especially poetry--can reveal hidden aspects of our experience of space , especially of our home space . for example , he considers how common phrases such as &quot ; go up to the attic&quot ; and &quot ; go down to the basement&quot ; are revelatory of our typical sense that stairs to an attic are stairs one ascends , while stairs to the basement are stairs one descends--in spite of the fact that both sets of stairs must be equally ascended and descended . as he does with other such observations , bachelard extends his observation regarding the directionality of different staircases into a discussion of how the attic and basement hold different roles in our daily and imaginary lives . in addition to exploring how we experience space and place , bachelard equally attends to the way in which language can function either as a daily and common means of communication or as a site of new and creative insight ; roughly speaking , he argues that poetry happens when the motions of language itself open us up to a new way of seeing or understanding something . by reading this beautifully written and engaging book , you will likely come to understand or see anew experiences from childhood through adulthood that pertain to places where your have lived , grown up , felt comfortable or alienated , had a feeling of wonder or fear , etc . i recommend this book to anyone interested in the experience of place or space , in language and what it can reveal to us , or in what counts as poetry rather than as common everyday language
thank you , dr. null , for holistically addressing the health concerns that are predominant in women . the politics behind female healthcare are shocking and frightening . you put it all into perspective within these covers . you also saved me from the quandary of what to buy all the women in my family for christmas . you 're insightful and have a wealth of helpful information . bless you
vintage mccourt ! this is a good one but reminiscent of a monk swimming by the same author . mallachy mccourt is good , but i prefer his brother , frank . poor man , i wonder how many times he has heard it . but it takes nothing away from the book . what genius of a family . poverty in childhood has turned out into prosperity for posterity . thanks mccourt brothers
as always , jeffrey 's book is worth reading very much . i have read the first version ( edition ) , and i read this one again . if you want to know lots of inside out about clr , this is the one to read . this is a must-read book before you go for a job interview , because you are expected to have read it by lots of interviewers .
this plan actually works ! in five months i 've gone from a women 's 2x to a 12 and i 'm not finished yet ! the basic plan is simple . managing the exceptions is a bit more tricky , but of the three books i have by michel montignac , this one explains the exceptions the best . no counting calories ! no extreme excercise ! if you are looking for a balanced way of eating -- this is it
i was surprised at some of the poor reviews given this book and have an idea that these stem from those picking up books from a list of nebula award winners . this book is not at all your typical sf story , indeed it feels much more like a mainstream story with some sf aspects than it does an sf story . i 'm an avid reader of both science fiction as well as mainstream fiction , so this holds a good deal of appeal for me . griffith 's prose is wonderful and showcases a beauty of language seldom seen in science fiction . her characterization is also near perfect . i wo n't spend time discussing the plot as that 's been handled amply by the other reviewers , but i will echo one other person 's thoughts : the storyline that has lore working at a sewage plant is , surprisingly , every bit as engrossing as the ones that deal with her kidnapping and her high society upbringing . to me , that says a good deal about griffith 's talent as a writer . as for the sex scenes , which some people describe as being nearly constant in the book , there are actually about four or five scenes taking up somewhere around ten pages of the book ( not each , but in total ) . additionally , they 're not placed in the story without purpose . overall , an excellent book . personally , i 'm quite glad that it won a nebula . it 's certainly desereving
this is a 4 cd set of meditations as a companion to the inner temple of witchcraft book . using the background of the book , the cd 's set up an easy way to work with the material in the book without having to open the book to reference it during the mediations . mr. penczak 's voice is perfect as far as i am concerned , it does not grate on you nor does it lull you into sleep . the light melodic fill is just that , filler for the spaces between words and does not distract from the words . i found the material covered to be good for meditation and it works well with the material in the book . if you find the book to be what you are looking for , the cd 's are a good addition . i enjoyed the entire presentation , and mr. penczak gives us some very well based and solid material . boudic
a wonderful story of how even our smallest action can have great consequences that we ca n't even understand . a long book with fantastic memorable characters . my favorite of these characters were the two brothers who were fixated on serial killers and natural disasters . this is the only way they know how to cope with the outside world . overall-you will certainly get your money 's worth . enjoy this one .
have you ever been tempted to write pure nonsense ? maybe on some rainy first day of april ? i once felt like writing :  " i sure made a mistake when i told the goddess minerva that she could n't square the circle . in response , she drew a circle next to me , a truly beautiful and perfect circle . and right in front of my panicky brown eyes , she turned pi into four ! not just the circumference divided by the diameter , but the series expansion as an inverse tangent as well . what would she do next , make me unwell by dropping the first letter from my first name ? i tried to apologize , but it was too late . "  i was not the only one to dream of mangling pi . in " contact : a novel , " carl sagan went me one better when he had aliens send messages to each other at infinite speed by hiding them in a numerical representation of pi and then , you guessed it , changing pi everywhere ! still , alan sokal went beyond even this , getting the following published in the journal " social text : "  " in this way the infinite-dimensional invariance group erodes the distinction between the observer and the observed ; the pi of euclid and the g of newton , formerly thought to be constant and universal , are now perceived in their ineluctable historicity ; and the putative observer becomes fatally decentered , disconnected from any epistemic link to a spacetime point that can no longer be defined by geometry alone . "  sokal put this and many more whoppers into his hoax , which defended an equally absurd thesis : that " physical 'reality, ' no less than social 'reality, ' is at bottom a social and linguistic construct . "  while this joke may not prove much , it does raise the issue of whether a few people in academia are misusing the vocabulary of science to create absurd statements in defense of an antirationalist point of view . this book shows that they are . the authors show that jacques lacan makes completely arbitrary analogies between topology and psychoanalysis . we then see some of the same irrelevance and superficial use of topology in the early works of julia kristeva . after an interlude in which sokal and bricmont seriously discuss the philosophy of science , there are more examples of academic nonsense . the next victim is luce irigaray , who in what i agree is about as ridiculously antifeminist a statement as one could make says :  " science always displays certain choices , certain exclusions , and these are particularly determined by the sex of the scholars involved . "  that 's rich : objective truth is different depending on whether one is a woman or a man ! i must admit that i half expected irigaray to say that pi was different for men and women . after that , we see bruno latour 's idea that einstein 's theory of relativity has implications for sociology . the authors point out that this is manifest nonsense . were we to discover tomorrow that the ratio of the mass of a particle to its energy were slightly different from what relativity predicted , there would be a revolution in physics , but no need to alter theories of human behavior . later , we see jean baudrillard say , " it is a sign that the space of the event has become a hyperspace with multiple refractivity , and that the space of war has become definitively non-euclidean . " and there are more , um , words , from gilles deleuze , felix guattari , and paul virilio . sokal and bricmont conclude that all this inanity is a threat . that either it will lead to even more irrationalism in academia or to an academic abandonment of social critique . and i think it 's worth warning us to avoid such a future . but i also think we simply need social journals to get scientists to review ( and reject ) papers that use big scientific words instead of making coherent statements
erin hunter has once again created a captivating saga about the four clans of warrior cats...who could be living in your own backyard . this first installment begins where the last book left off . firestar , the protagonist of the original series , is now the leader of his clan , and his two daughters leafpaw and squirrelpaw , are now the main characters , along with a great cast of new cats and some familiar faces . along with brambleclaw , the son of treacherous tigerstar , feathertail and stormfur , the kits of firestar 's best friend graystripe , brambleclaw 's sister tawnypelt , and the newbie crowpaw , squirrelpaw embarks on a journey to save the clans . meanwhile , leafpaw is left to try to decipher mysterious messages from starclan . this book is a great , fast-paced read for any cat lover or fan of the first series . the plot is well-developed and intriguing from the first chapter
peggy noonan 's reagan has the texture of truth , unlike a recent reagan bio by richard reeves that has the texture of slime . noonan 's reagan is not hagiography ; it 's clear-eyed , clean , and palpably honest . i feel ms. noonan 's honesty just as i felt the incredible lightness of reeves ' shallowness . noonan wrote her story of a great man and the building of his character as ronald reagan lay dying . now that he 's gone , peggy noonan is our era 's great communicator . not every word of when character was king is the utterly necessary word at the absolutely necessary time -- a few of her words do n't fit and an occasional fact is flubbed -- but all other words of hundreds and thousands fit perfectly into the best portrait we have of a good and great man , a description also used fittingly for dwight eisenhower . noonan , i believe , is the only biographer of president reagan who understands the import of a first-term footnote , an episode that most of the world has learned to forget or , like reeves , has learned to diminish . that 's the patco strike which , as noonan shows , had world-historical implications . by the force of his focus , president reagan used patco to reassert free-world mastery in our twilight struggle with an evil empire that was evil and that was an empire . thank god we had reagan at a moment of maximum danger . thank god he had noonan to tell his story
this book is excellent reading to inspire leadership . its greatest asset is the fact that connelly selects great leaders and writing that characterizes their personal leadership styles
the first book in nr 's 'born in ' series is wonderful , you do n't want to miss it ! &quot ; born in fire&quot ; focuses on maggie concannon , a tempermental and loyal woman who is also a gifted artist . gallery owner rogan sweeney takes an interest in maggie 's fabulous glass creations , and soon after takes a personal interest in maggie herself . maggie is a wonderful character , stubborn and flawed , yet still caring . nora does a fabulous job of developing maggie , and does it in a way that she seems like a real person . rogan is an extremely likeable hero . maggie 's sister , brianna , is her complete opposite ; quiet , sweet , and calm . the relationship between the two sisters , however , is very touching and very real . this book is full of colourful characters , some we love and some we hate . the romance between rogan and maggie is wonderful . basically , i just ca n't say enough good things about this book . you will love it
cahill 's writing is somewhat of an acquired taste . this is a compilation of outdoor stories which do not always seem self contained - some missing context , some missing closure . and they are not necessarily adventures in the conventional sense , as stories may focus on nature , archaeology , sociology , etc . while the book can not be construed as an outdoor reference , there is good information ( ex . &quot ; wisdom&quot ; of cave diving ) . some stories hit the vicarious adventurer 's sweet spot . the author is at his best in this book when relating his experience caving in kentucky , engaging the reader with educational content ( ex . barometric effect on air flow ) , spectacular descriptions ( ex . lightening igniting bat guano ) , and hair raising suspense ( ex . getting lost in a maze of passages ) . not all of the stories held an equal level of interest for me , but they are short enough to peruse and ponder as time permits
by far a very thorough and intelligent read . i could not put it down . the evidence that pyramids all over earth from a lost epoch of man align to specific star clusters is overwhelming in my opinion . does n't take a phd to realize that if something looks like a duck , walks like a duck and quacks like a duck.... chances are it 's a duck . everthing is presented via full color images and in an easy to comprehend format . it has changed my perspective and at the same time answered many questions for me personally ; and of course will raise many more ! an absolute must read
" spring snow " is unquestionably one of the finest japanese novels ever written , as well as being a masterpiece of world literature in its own right . it is an eloquent , moving story with a " tale as old as time , " that of star-crossed lovers who 's love transcends social roles and obligations . in another culture , with another writer , this would be a romantic , if not happy , story . but this is japan , and the writer is mishima yukio . in his hands , the lovers kiyoaki and satoko transcend literary stereotypes , and become agents of their own happiness and destruction . by the very nature of their relationship , raised together since childhood , playing a complicated cat-and-mouse game of love and sexual tension , their future is never in doubt . it is impressive that a writer such as mishima , known for his right-wing politics and his samurai dreams , could craft such a tender love story . while knowing the eventual conclusion , the reader savors and hopes for each stolen moment of happiness between kiyoaki and satoko , and knows that even their despair is something to be treasured because it is shared . not that it is a clear path . even knowing japanese literature , and the road it usually takes , there are surprises on the way . things do not turn out the way one would expect . i was incredibly moved by " spring snow . " it is a novel that affects the heart of the reader , and lingers long after the last page is turned .
i read the second edition of this book since it is enlarged with the study of the housing market . the phenomenon of bubbles and negative bubbles or collapses is described extremely well by means of statistical data of markets for over a century and a half . the raw data is adjusted to inflation to give a realistic perspective of the trends and patterns . bubbles seem to be occurring at regular intervals typically based on the " new era " story and everyone believes at least during the heady days that good times are here to stay . but as shown by proven evidence of the past , no bubble has sustained itself permanently and good reason prevails sooner or later . when this happens , the bloated bubble collapses and the hangover is terrible . the story so far is quite simple . but what makes this book so interesting is the depth of research and the manner in which the phenomenon is studied and explained . the combination of mass psychology and market prices is at the core of this book . for bubbles to happen , information flow is the key . media plays a significant role in disseminating information and bubbles seem to have originated in recorded history after the advent of the print media . in recent times electronic media particularly the television and the internet play a significant role in speeding up bubble formation and also the reversals . media needs a storyline and this story needs to be continued to retain customers on a daily basis . stock market is the ideal place that offers an opportunity to try one 's luck if a casino is far away . backed by on-line dedicated news channels and internet trading , well , it is not surprising that we have day traders in herds . in such situations fundamentals like industry analysis and p/e ratios take a backseat as explained by the author . historical averages are breached and a euphoria of " once in a life time opportunity " prevails . what happens to the efficient markets theory in such situations ? . since this theory says that markets are perfectly priced based on all publicly available information there can not be a situation of either under pricing or over pricing . this book perfectly challenges the efficiency and accuracy of this theory . it is unfortunate that substantial amounts of investments meant to be otherwise risk free sources of income , pension funds for example , are getting diverted into risky markets . here the author has come out with a list of some sound proposals to protect hard earned life long savings of innocent citizens who are exposed to the irrationality of markets . the bubble in the housing market is also discussed well . housing seems to be isolated bubbles occurring in specific regions and not a global phenomenon . but nevertheless the damage can be the same . the party of low interest rate regime seems to be over and a spike in mortgage rates is sure to be the needle that will prick right through this big speculative bubble . what goes up has to come down ! but once you start reading this book , it is difficult to put it down . intellectually stimulating and bound to be economically rewarding .
a late divorce is one of my very favorites novels . this ordinary tale about the late divorce of a middle-aged couple , one of whom is in a mental institution , is told from the perspective of each member of the family : children , their spouses and mates , grandson,etc . i have rarely laughed so much , or been touched so much , by the insightful description of the kaminka family and their travails over a failed marriage , real estate and conflict . the scene with the rabbis at the mental institution is literary hilarity at its best...a wonderful work , original , illuminating and funny
i agree with the first reviewer : this is what art criticism , politically engaged or not , should read like . berger was an old-time marxist ; i am an anglosphere conservative . he is a man of the left ; i am of the right . no matter , his essays are the most wonderful introduction to art criticism , and at times philosophy , that i have read . incredibly perceptive , sensitive , without empty sentimentality but filled with genuine sentiment and deep empathy for the human condition , berger can make any painting or work of art say more than even its author may have intended . he uses history but is not a historicist , for he lets the works reveal themselves openly . the essay " that which is held , " a philosophic vindication of romantic love through an analysis of " time " is a near masterpiece of the essay form worthy of montaigne . berger will be missed in the barren landscape of contemporary europe . danto and the americans are simply not in his league
i have enjoyed all of david gemmell 's work but this one takes the prize . it contains sorrow , great sacrifice , courage , honor , and some of the best battles every written . it is easy to see the scenes and the people as you read , the characters are ones you will become attached to . if you love fantasy that involves warfare and courage with people making the best of a bad situation and with no magic items to save the day , you will love this book
in order to properly understand the jesus of the new testament , instead of making a jesus of our own liking , it is necessary to understand jesus as he himself indicated . jesus himself , according to the new testament , made constant reference and allusion to the hebrew scriptures , ( old testament ) , as he sought to explain himself , his actions , his teachings and his significance . understanding the old testament is therefore of paramount importance for understanding what jesus was and is about . this means far more than knowing some of the messianic proof texts or knowing about noahs ark or the temple and sacrificial system of the ancient hebrews . understanding the old testament involves knowing the overall aim and purpose of it , and how it all is held together by connected themes that form a unified whole . christopher wright 's book , knowing jesus through the old testament , is an absolute godsend towards getting the drift of the old testament and how it carries forward to the jesus of the new testament . this book is a little bit technical at times , it is not a devotional work , but reading this book will educate a person to accurately understand what the old testament is about and how it flows into the person of jesus , thereby expositing the true meaning and intent of jesus according to the background that jesus himself referred to . thanks chris wright for this fabulous book . also see his forthcoming book , the mission of god , due out in fall of 2006 by intervarsity press . it looks to be another bullseye ! ! for some other great little books on jesus that are sane and sober , see : jesus and his world by peter walker , the original jesus by n.t . wright , and for a bit of a larger work see jesus and the gospels by craig blomberg
this book provides a straight-forward approach to a raw-food diet , and the changes required to maintain the health of your pet through the process . it also helps to have someone who can assist you in locating the ingredients locally , but schultze provides all the requisite information that you will need . a great resource to go to when you get a nagging question , or have a concern . try not to let people talk you out of trying the diet , as you will see changes in the health of your pet ; many veterinarians that i have spoken with are not particularly supportive . my 2 y/o lab has a softer coat , clearer eyes , and better muscle tone since i have started him on the diet . this diet is slightly more expensive than feeding dog chow , but the reward of having a healthy , happy pet far outweigh the associated costs . good luck , and enjoy your pet
a comprehensive , entertaining and plainly written introduction to critical thinking . it should be in every school and public library ( preferably next to the biology books that have been stickered with pro-creationist caveats ) . my only complaint is the title . perhaps it should have been called " the critical thinkers ' reference " so as not to confuse those poor mites who can not differentiate between rational thought and cartesian skepticism . of course , if your world-view is not based on rational thinking and evidence , then the knowledge contained in this book may make you feel uncomfortable . you may even feel threatened to the point that you negatively review it . guys - as robert park once said : " alas , to wear the mantle of galileo it is not enough that you be persecuted by an unkind establishment , you must also be right . " please read this book ( or even read the faq on carroll 's website ) and learn how to reason .
like so many of the books in the for dummies series it is well written and just gets down to business . the approach taken with this book is a nonviolent approach to training with training being enjoyed by both man ( or woman ) and beast . i have been training my shiba inu puppy based on this book for the last two months now and have had good results .
sometimes when you read a book you are expecting to read some details,but a book like this blows the lid off the mother fully . deborah santana does n't hold back at all . she takes you on a journey from her childhood to her teen years with sly stone.&then eventually with her husband carlos santana . you read about a strong woman who overcame so many obstacles&was grounded strongly&thrived despite some negative forces . a very powerful book that you simply ca n't put down . deborah santana is a remarkable soul sister . this is a must read book from start to finish .
only my second james patterson book , when the wind blows , will keep me coming back for more . i was not disappointed and look forward to reading many more of his novels . frannie , a veterinarian , and kit , an fbi agent find themselves thrown together in the hopes of saving a few very special children . surrounded by some mysterious deaths in the past few years , including her own husbands , frannie now is trying to stop yet another murder . it all begins when she thinks she sees a girl with wings in the forest near her home in colorado . from here we learn of genetic experiments and more heinous crimes than those . this book was written prior to the much acclaimed and popular lakehouse with many of the same characters .
ordinary joy reminds you that god is in fact all around you in your ordinary living if you just take a break from all the hustle and bustle and truly appreciate his beauty . joe campeau uses personal illustrations that we can relate to , and in turn , relates them to the teachings of jesus . on a personal note , my own faith has waivered for quite some time that after taking a " closer look , " i am rediscovering god 's presence in my life and i know that , no matter what , " the sun will shine tomorrow and i will be kissed by son again and again and it can never be wiped away . " peace and joy
the mysterious oriental mirror is ugly , and it has powers that wield themselves on the unexpected . it wreaks havoc and sometimes kills , as is the case with several people in this book . the rest are either thought mad or driven mad . question : if you could , would you switch places with somebody else in a different time ? i think i might , but i would like to be given a choice . brandy mccabe and her granddaughter shay garrett are n't given that choice . both are 20 years old and about to marry men neither love when the mirror transports them into each other 's bodies . marlys millhiser has woven a complex and fascinating story of culture shock in which brandy becomes her granddaughter and shay becomes her grandmother . shay is thought crazy in the early 1900s because she can tell the future , and she keeps a diary to tell her grandmother how she has lived out her life should she return to her own body one day . her story and how she deals with a pre-citified boulder , colorado is the most interesting segment of the book , but i did n't feel sorry for shay as much as i admired her strength of character . she also had her mother 's stories of her ancestors to go on , but this was not the case for poor brandy . the garrett 's and shay 's fiancee ' do n't know what to do with a pregnant shay who is terrified and clueless about the year 1978 , but they know after discovering the diary that she really is brandy . the story is often heartbreaking , often times quite funny , and there are so many supporting and unforgettable characters--like the lovable thora k. , brandy 's first mother-in-law and the old man who takes care of shay when she runs away from her family--that this book is not only compelling , but also makes you think about your own place in this world . what shay and brandy do have in common is rachel , brandy 's daughter and shay 's mother . now picture those two being in each other 's place when you think of that ! somebody here called the book a literary classic ; i would n't go that far , but it is excellent , regardless . the mirror is magical storytelling any way you look at it , so let it weave it 's spell on you .
this book provides a very interesting and informative detail of the history of birth culture in america as discovered through the study of birth chairs . in incluedes intriguing pictorial documentations of birth chairs and how they evolved into the modern maternity beds in use today
having read katherine , i wanted to get my hands on another anya seton novel . her words are beautiful and her accurate historical references in the medieval and renaissance eras are breathtaking . people recommended green darkness because of its timeless romance , historical feel and paranormal aspects centered on past lives and reincarnation . so i gave green darkness a whirl . this enormous book ( a big trade paperback with over six-hundred pages ) enthralled me from beginning to end and i wish it had been longer , that the magic had n't ended . despite its rather large size and intricate story , the novel ended too soon for me . ( i like big books , but you have to make sure that you will enjoy the whole thing when getting a large volume . ) i finished this gem in three sittings . the novel 's setting begins in the late 1960s ( around the year this was first published ) . richard mardson takes his beloved wife , the american heiress celia taylor , to his estate in sussex , england . there he shows her around the ancient castle that had belonged to his noble family for centuries and introduces her to his friends and peers , all respectable noblemen and women like richard . but something strange begins to happen between them . celia is experiencing deja vu , as though she 'd been there before . this happens the second she enters the castle . at the same time , richard becomes restless and moody . celia is bewildered by his abrupt change from the once loving man to someone who isolates himself and avoids her . their lives and their marriage could be in shambles , and celia has to go back to her previous life during tudor england to figure out what had gone wrong in order to salvage their happiness at present time . her past life is a woman named celia bohun who falls for a handsome monk named stephen ( richard ) mardson . their forbidden love is timeless and the things they go through are staggering . there are many twists throughout the novel . i have read few novels that had made me go through as many emotions as this one had done . celia and stephen 's love for one another was something truly beautiful and tragic at the same time . this novel brought me to tears by the time i finished . the building of tension between the protagonists is almost palpable . celia is a very complex heroine . she is proud and innocent , but also could be quite the vixen when she sets her mind to it , especially when stephen is involved . stephen is a tall , dark and gorgeous hero who has taken a vow of chastity for his religion , but his attraction to celia is undeniable and it is something that torments him . this part of his personality makes him a tortured soul and he is very appealing as a result . the part in which celia looks after him when he falls ill is one of the sexiest scenes in the novel . it has a mixture of eroticism and innocence , for it is the first time celia sees stephen 's nude body . the romance is indeed wonderful , but the historical references make this novel all the richer and more palatable . we experience all of the things that occurred during tudor england , from henry viii 's reign passing on to queen mary and onto queen elizabeth i. i have been reading quite a lot of historical/biographical novels and finding this book was like finding hidden treasure . you feel the time period and the events that took place in those times . the most insightful things for me were those centered on queen mary 's persecution of protestants and all the historical things that occur while time passes after the scandal centered on celia 's love for stephen . the ending is one of the best endings i have read . green darkness is a true treasure that all historical enthusiasts should own . the story is quite intricate , not an easy read by a long shot ( i find that most novels that center on reincarnation are very complex ) , but the overall development of the story is extremely well woven and beautifully executed . there are numerous characters in this novel , but i never felt like i had to keep up with them in order to remember them . each character serves his or her purpose and i loved them ( or hated them if they were villains ) . the one thing that puzzled me was the emphasis on mabel 's weight . i thought plump women were considered prettier in those times . and celia ( the twentieth century one ) sounds a little too british for an american who 'd set foot in england for the first time . other than those negligible details , green darkness is perfect . anya seton was a great author , one of the best in her time . i think i like this novel more than katherine . i wonder if anya seton and this novel inspired jude deveraux to write remembrance ( which i read at the same time as this one ) , which is another romance centered on soul mates and past lives partly set in the sixteenth century . anyway , green darkness is one of the best historical/paranormal novels out there and i can not recommend this memorable gem enough
a jules vernes classic , this is one of those novels that has stood up well against the test of time . true , there are some items that may seem a bit dated , and of course the whole scenario of the fantastic adventure to the depths of the earth is impossible . yet , this novel is still a joy to read . with a stoic icelander as their guide , a renowned professor and his reluctant and skeptical nephew descend into the depths of a volcano in the vast frozen tundra of the arctic , as the adventurers attempt to retrace the steps of a renowned alchemist . contrary to popular belief ( and scientific reality ) , the party descends deeper into the bowels of the earth , which is remarkably of a mild climate and not a boiling inferno . i wo n't serve as spoiler , but sufficed to say , that they uncover vast new worlds and creatures living in the subterranean world hundreds of miles beneath the terrestrial crust of the earth . vernes does attempt to make their descent seem plausible from a scientific standpoint . their instruments , a crude electric light and others , would be considered state-of-the art for their time . vernes also goes in great detail to describe the geological formations and fossilized remains contained in the earth . vernes also attempts to explain how it is possible to travel so far under the surface of the earth without increased pressure harming the body . and if you take verne 's theories to heart ( although modern science refutes them ) , their journey is plausible . however , i do have a couple minor gripes . vernes goes into great detail describing fossils and rock formations , which no doubt lend scientific credence to his novel . although this may interst a geologist or paleontologist , the rest of the masses ( myself included ) probably find this too tedious and distracting from the main story line . also , there is one glaring scientific discrepancy with vernes logic . during their rapid ascent ( the details i wo n't reveal ) , the adventurers would have surely perished from decompression sickness ( a.k.a. , " the bends " ) . although it was still a new phenomena at the time , i believe vernes should have taken into account the rapid change in pressure , as he did during their slow descent into the abyss . the nitpicking aside , this is a superb novel that has withstood the test of time . a modern reader will no doubt be entertained and enthralled at verne 's vision of a subterranean world . nearly a century and a half later , vernes ' works still inspire awe and imagination
i was stunned to see so many critical reviews of this book here . even more stunned by the criticisms . this is not a scientific treatise , and never pretends to be . this is not an introduction into the more abstract and obscure aspects of emergence , nor is it a dry and tedious mathematical paper . this is an interesting , graspable , exciting and intelligently written book about a phenomenon which is absolutely , positively crucial to understand . to some people emergence is a particular abstract in a particular field - those people were disappointed and found this " light reading " - which is really too bad , because they are the ones who need this book the most . alas , we can expect it to be a while before these " scientist " can look outside their own shallow mud-puddles of their over-specialties to see how applicable emergent theory is to the world we are immersed in , both natural and man-made . if you did n't find this book exciting , you did n't read it . sit down and read it without distraction and prejudice . let johnson do what he does best ; take you on a journey of ideas and concepts . sure , some of it is simplified for the lay-reader , but anybody who is n't a total couch-potato is going to find the content interesting enough to set-out and search for details on their own . it is n't johnson 's goal to elaborate on some trivial and fragmentary specialty that only people with masters degrees and secured positions in academia could possibly enjoy or tolerate . his goal is to show what emergence is and why it is so important , how vast the concepts are in their potential application in every imaginable field , and how elegant , simple , complex , chaotic , and beautiful emergence is ! and he does exactly this quite well . if you read this book and are not excited , you did n't get it . read it again . and again . look up the examples of emergence , and try to actually find your own examples of emergence in your world , in your daily experience . the enrichment you 'll gain from it will be worth a lot more than any silly over-specialty in an obscure field of research that nobody has ever hear
a wonderfully told cat-tail ! the illustrations are lovely and appropriate to the playful theme of the book
i love this cookbook . there are so many amazing recipes . as someone who is allergic to dairy , i am totally blown away at how creamy some of the dishes are . besides the recipes , the book is filled with beautiful pictures and profound quotes that combine together to create a really special reading experience . i highly recommend this cookbook to vegans , vegetarians , people allergic to dairy and wheat , and meat eaters , as well
i am a kindda new wife but struggling with learning how to grow up and not be a nag . stormie is very easy to understand in her book and can relate to almost anyone . like another person said i do feel like this book was written just for me . the written prayers help me bc sometimes i dont know how to pray for my husband and this gives u the words to say and scripture to back up everything she says . also , it helps me more importantly be a better wife . this isnt a book to try to get ur way and mold and change ur husband . i 'd say its about giving urself up to the lord to change u and make u a better wife . and praying for ur husband is selfless and probably one of the most important things u could be doing . i highly recommend this book , highly . it changed me almost instantly !
i have read all of van gulik 's murder mysteries and this is has to be my favorite . the characters are intriguing and some sinister . the end is satisfying and bittersweet , challenging integrity vs justice . i would , however , recommend you read the others first ( chronological is good , chinese gold murders is first ) to get to know the main characters although this book can stand on on its own
this is in my opinion john bradshaw 's best book . it encapsulates his thinking on the area of toxic shame and demonstrates how this phenomenon is at the core of compulsions , addictions , co-dependencies and our need to achieve beyond what is really necessary or serves our larger purposes . in this volume , john bradshaw demonstrates how toxic shame develops and leads to the breakdown of families . he also talks about how this cycle is perpetuated through generations and actually covers a lot of ground in terms of family dynamics . through affirmations , working with feelings , visualizations and other techniques , the author shows the reader how to work through toxic shame . as someone who has done the work himself , he comes across as compassionate , knowledgeable and very practical . sometimes i get annoyed when i read this book because of unnecessary repetition of some key concepts . this is the explanation for my 4 rating , along with the fact that many of his books overlap each other with respect to content . therefore , my overall rating is that this is a solid , well-written classic that certainly deserves its best-seller status . however , prepare yourself for some repetition and unnecessarily long examples of what he is talking about .
i love this book ! i love this series and it absolutely pains me to think that this may be the last ( i say maybe because originally buddies was supposed to be the last ) . it is such a difficult book to pick up and read because every emotion invested in the previous three books is tested . my love for dennis savage 's irony becomes sorrow at the hope that he will lose face and stay with little kiwi . my love for little kiwi 's innocence becomes concern for his actions . it 's like watching your child make questionable decisions and knowing that no matter what the result , the choices that they make are theirs , and there 's nothing you can do about it , but let them be chosen . it 's hard letting little kiwi grow up and become virgil brown . i imagine it 's the same way with a child , but at least then you get to see what happens ! mind you , the book like the other three is a comic genius with subtle , feeling humor that has you laughing one minute and crying the next . but just like &quot ; just above my head&quot ; by james baldwin ( which i highly recommend ) , i have been unable to pick up this book and read it again . it simply leaves me realing with so many feelings , yet i would not trade the experience reading it with anything . how does one mix merriment with malaise so well ? read the book and find out
this book will be invaluable now as i am going to groom my dog myself . the instructions are easily understood
i love joanna brady ! however , this introduction to her and her life in bisbee is not the best book jance has ever written . one thing that is terrific about jance , though , is that she is from bisbee and describes the town in exact detail . bisbee is a quaint crazy town and jance grabs all of the details of that small town oasis in the desert . joanna brady is a likeable character and the series gets beter and better as time goes by . highly recommended ! !
this is a cute story about a spider who drops in on a farm . all the farm animals greet her and invite her to play . but the spider spends the day building her web instead . the book is fun and informative , and not at all scary . the pages are doubled so they are easy to turn , but be careful , because inquisitive little fingers may reach inside the pages and rip them . the book has about 350 words
collins ' efforts with his justly famed &quot ; the moonstone&quot ; and &quot ; the woman in white&quot ; have perhaps overshadowed his very fine work as seen in &quot ; armadale.&quot ; lydia gwilt ( do n't you love the last name ? ) is one of the great unsung characters in english ( or any western ) literature . collins seems to delight in making her as full-bodied , as attractive to men , and as dangerous as he can without ever losing his grip and falling over the slippery precipice into satire . given the tenor and social conventions of the time , her quest for revenge on the despicable alan armadale seems perfectly in keeping . lydia gwilt is like an early , english scarlett o'hara without the redeeming humor scarlett was known to exhibit . all in all , an extraordinarily well-written and three-dimensional character study
i evolved into a lower carb nutrition by finding first that i needed more protein than i had thought and that i reacted strongly to sugars . i bought this book when i decided to lose a few pounds , but wanted to understand any health implications related to a low carb diet . i was already having gall bladder and liver issues . i bought this book first and 2.5 years later , it is still the best reference i have . the chapter on hormones is a bit technical , but this chapter alone is worth the price of the book . within three days of eliminating grains from my diet , i no longer cared whether or not i lost weight . my awful blood sugar drops and painful bloating were gone , my energy increased significantly and within weeks i noticed that the gall bladder pain was gone ( and it has n't come back ) . within three months my intense hot flashes disappeared and i started sleeping better . the book first describes what low carb nutrition is , then goes on to discuss hormones and how insulin impacts the overall balance of the body 's hormones in different ways . it addresses overall energy , diabetes , heart disease , cancer , gastrointestinal disorders , vitamins and minerals , and weight control ( one chapter - the rest is on health issues ) .
three of my nephews and my son 's favorite book . he wore it out and i had to buy another one .
i thought that the two books previous to this in the duncan kincaid/gemma james series were slight disappointments . kincaid seemed relegated to a side character with gemma taking the lead . in a dark house is an excellent mystery that brings the two back to equal ground and re-establishes them as one of the best partnerships in mystery fiction
this is an excellent book . the anecdotal stories that the author includes make the book much more readable when compared to other parrot guides . the authors book on senegal parrots and their family is also full of information .
on the surface , natsuo kirino gives us a book loaded with nail-biting , page turning suspense . what lies beneath is a scathing commentary on the social climate for women in japan . women are seen as beautiful young pets , or useless old bags . kirino shows a side of japan that i did n't know existed . kirino 's brilliant characterization makes this book work . every person is fleshed out within the context of the story , and flashbacks are only used when absolutely necessary . i never felt like the story was on hold while i learned about someone 's childhood . i ca n't stand it when writers stop a story cold just to fill in holes that they have created . kirino does n't have that problem . the book has a bit of a slow start , but it is necessary for the author to paint a picure of the mundane world the characters live in before things start to heat up . the story picks up momentum and charges through to a brilliant ending ( i have to disagree with other reviewers who disliked the ending . if you do n't like the ending , you may be missing the point of the whole book ) . the plot twists manage to surprise the reader without feeling forced . kirino 's style is concise and well-paced . my one complaint is that it is difficult to keep the characters straight because of their similar names . with names like yayoi , yoshie , and yoko it 's hard to know who 's who at times . this may show my american ignorance , but i have to admit that this was a problem for me . this minor complaint aside , i loved this book and i highly recommend it to all fans of crime fiction
as a therapist ( 16 yrs ) , i have been using the material in this book for reframing the experience of depression for my clients . the clients i have introduced this book to are now reframing their illness as an intiation into a greater understanding of their relation to self/soul . while at times dry for most laypeople , it has become a reference book for my practice
in response to the guy who said this book is n't &quot ; scientific&quot ; i say , it 's as scientific as the diagnosis . ( which is essentially a catalog of behaviors that annoy teachers , but i digress . ) there 's no scientific proof that adhd actually exists as a disorder . since we do n't understand the brain , or why it does things , how can we assume that brain scans actually tell anyone anything ? choosing a positive perspective about annoying behavior is a good start . the book is worth your time , but you should also check out hallowell or ingersoll
among all the theories of ethics with which i am familiar , i have always found kant 's system to be the best : carrying out one 's duty for the sake of the duty itself . the problem with kant , however , is that his theory of morality is grounded outside humanity , dependent on a source of which we can never , some may claim , have any understanding . christine korsgaard fixes , at least for me , this problem , by showing that one does not have to venture outside humanity in order to ground its morality . in short , the source of normativity is our humanity itself . i do n't want to get into too much details and give away the main points of the book . suffice it to say that it offers , in my opinion , some of the best arguments for the objectivity of morality . the conclusion i reached after reading the book was this : it is as much justified for a human to complain 'why should i be moral ? ' as it is for him/her to complain 'why should i have two eyes ? ' in both cases , the answer is 'because you are a human being , a social animal with two eyes . '
highly recommended ! the text is engaging and very informative . clear possibilities for implementation
i really enjoyed this book . it was a few good laughs over a few good dumps . what else can a goomba ask from a book sittin ' on the back of the cammode
i found lovemaps a valueable and insightful look at the way individuals relate to sexual behavior and establish their sexual identify and desires based on life experiences which as dr. money indicates occurs in childhood and which is unconsciously formed by the individual . i found this book extremely helpful while working on my doctorate in human sexuality and now 6 years later as i continue my research and work as a sexologist and sex therapist . i highly recommend this book to other sexologist and clinicians , as well as any man or woman who is interested in learning more about sex and sexual behavior ; and in essence more about themselves . it definitely helps if you read a book before judging it . and this book should be in everyone 's " sensual library " . live with passion , dr. charley ferrer , author of the latina kama sutra , the w.i.s.e . journal for the sensual woman , para la mujer sensual , el kama sutra latino , the passionate latina : in our own words... www.instituteofpleasure.org
the art of the table - a complete guide to table setting , table manners , and tableware , is extremely thorough in covering all the details related to proper table etiquette . author suzanne von drachenfels makes it so easy , and entertaining in the process , finding the answer to any mealtime dilemma . in nine , worldly-wise written chapters , you will learn all about table fundamentals . starting with the dining experience ( formal vs. informal ) , then dinnerware , flatware , stemware , table linens , serving techniques , dining finesse , menu planning , suzanne completes her mission with her undertaking of table manners in a changing world . her history lessons compliment any given subject and are very enjoyable . excellent
wells wrote the time machine ( 1895 ) rather furiously ; it seems the author was short of money and exploited his idea of future time travel , summing it up in a tightly constructed , very short novel . most works that i have read from the nineteenth century are long-winded , purple-toned , velvet-like effluviums . this one is short and for once i would have liked a book a bit wordier . anyhow , the narrator , a sort of mad tinkerer , describes his visit 800,000 + years to the future . he finds two distinct inheritors of the human race : one smallish , simple-minded but joyful class of vegetarian people that live on the surface of the earth ( the eloi ) , and one larger brute-like class of photophobic ground dwellers that perform most of the work for the eloi , but unfortunately also eat them . gone are most of the trappings of modern society . humans have devolved into beautiful idiots and those that prey upon them . darwin 's theories of evolution and natural selection were just beginning to take hold at the time wells was writing and they obviously influence the work . i read somewhere that wells took a university course taught by the biologist t.h . huxley , who highly regarded darwin 's theories . socialism also influences the book , with the morlock underclass literally kept in the dark until they devolve into creatures that can not tolerate light and have to rely on human flesh for food . part of socialist theory is conflict theory ; so instead of cannibalizing their own , the morlocks eat the eloi as a sort of vengeance . darkness , and the use of the dark as something mysterious from out which monsters may jump , is gothic old hat for early writers of this genre . wells uses the dark as the place where the morlocks are banished , and where the time-traveler believes the morlocks have his stolen time machine . we feel the gothic fear when he knows he has to go down there to attempt to get it back . also , i would n't say wells is the first to blend science with fiction either ; see hawthorne 's " rappaccini 's daughter " , mary shelley 's frankenstein or edgar allan poe . and is there something unsettling about the time-traveler 's undertaking with the childlike weena ? her death at the hands of the morlocks is tragic , but imagine the circus-spectacle she would make if the narrator brought her back to his time as he intended
rose madder was one the first books that got me hooked on stephen king . this story is phenomenal , in my opinion . i have to admit the first time i read it i was a little confused . i was not one to be to much into " sci fi " fantasy type stuff . this , like any good story or movie is best when it is read a few times . then you really get to pick up the subtle hints that you may have missed before . then again i am a bit biased . rose madder is right at the top of my list of most favorites ( just below bag of bones
i picked up this book hoping to fall asleep reading . instead i was drawn in by page 3 and stayed up until i 'd read most of it . the main character , in my opinion , is janet , the mother . i think it 's more or less in her voice , and that is why she is the most developed character . the book was very funny in an " oh no ! " kind of way . sure , there are some outrageous stories and some things may seem unlikely to some people . they are lucky , i guess . i , for one , can really relate to the dysfunctional family and to a lot of the characters . but it is n't meant to be a character study or some huge philosophy assignment . it 's meant to entertain you while you pass some time reading , and it does that just fine
carol kuykendall --- author , speaker , and strategic projects director for mops international ( mothers of preschoolers ) --- has compiled what she considers the five-star winning components of a successful family . according to this mom of three grown children , the five key elements of a great family begin with love -- expressions that inspire and comfort ; fun -- activities that recharge a family 's batteries ; loyalty -- lessons on sticking with family through it all ; growth -- embracing new challenges and seeing the value of stretching ; and faith -- holding close a relationship with christ that shines vividly and practically into the lives of others . with many personal anecdotes , fanciful stories , and good common sense advice , kuykendall does a marvelous job presenting a handbook for parents that is easy on both the eyes and the heart . the author 's two-part text deals with family matters that focus on the beginnings of new family life when a young couple first discovers they 're pregnant . some of the practical points offered in this section include deciding who to invite to the actual delivery , naming the baby by taking into account potential teasing/taunting as a result of this all-important choice , hashing out basic parenting decisions regarding naps/nursing/discipline , dealing with those unmet expectations that crop up almost immediately after giving birth , and learning to fit into the extended family with the newest member without stepping on other siblings ' toes or feelings . kuykendall then delves into dreaming for a bit . just what kind of family does the new couple want to be ? the author discusses the value of looking back in order to glean the best of past childhoods while wisely leaving not-so healthy patterns behind where they belong . she also details the importance of taking a realistic look at where a family is today , accepting where people are , because this is the point from which everyone can move ahead . finally , a brief segment on looking ahead with hopeful , faith-inspired enthusiasm closes out this foundational topic . to complete part one , kuykendall does a lovely job presenting the " gifts " children bring to a family . clearly , children are gifts from god , but with them come powerful life lessons on perspective . consider the gift of " do-overs , " in which parents can relive the innocence and wonder of childhood discovery through their children 's eyes . this important truth reminds parents that god is the giver of second chances . kuykendall also cites the gifts of humility as children " reveal us to ourselves " as imperfect parents . children also model sincerity of a simple , uncomplicated faith . once this solid foundation is set , kuykendall spends a generous amount of space re-defining her five-star qualities , each with its own separate chapter ( love , fun , loyalty , growth , faith ) . every chapter opens with a lengthy discussion that includes biblical principles and selected bible verses , personal insights from the author 's own family life , specific action points , and quippy yet powerful quotations for increased take-away reminders . one of the most telling quotations included in this timely text appears near the end , and it typifies kuykendall 's entire message beautifully . " family is...a soft place to land . "   --- reviewed by michele how
wow ! ! ! this is a ton of great information from a 'been there , done that ' mom and grandma . the author shares wisdom , humor and stories all wrapped in grace.. . ( i loved that i could read it and be inspired to be better , encouraged for the great things i am doing , but not feel guilty about all the stuff i 'm not doing . )  this is a celebration of the family . i think i might make it my new standard baby shower gift ! !
i got my copy of &quot ; the five keys to value investing&quot ; as a graduation gift from my dad who is a longtime professional equities investor . he thought this book would be a good way for me to prep before i start my career on wall street . i was not disappointed . the five keys is a very good summary of what i learned in business school and much , much more . the author draws heavily from his own professional experiences as a disciple of one legendary value investor and couples it with the value investment styles of other great investors like buffett and graham . the experience that the reader is drawn into is very worthwhile ; but what makes this book very special is the framework . i have read several investment books over the years , but none like this one . putting thousands of lessons and teachings of prominent value investors into a solid frame of mind is clearly the draw . in addition , reading along as the author analyzes and dissects companies and few special situations add gravitas to the body of work . the clarity in the concepts and the " conversation-like " tone was particularly attractive to me . in sum , this is a very coherent , practical book on the principles of value investing despite the fact that it is not too objective -- considering the authors ' strong unapologetic bias towards value investing
when i first started reviewing children 's books on amazon.com i gave myself a long list of rules to follow . and one of those rules stated that i was not to read other reviews of a book on the site until after i 'd written my own review . i wanted my little writings to remain unsullied and pure , filled only with my own thoughts ( which i obviously mistook to be brilliant ) and feelings . after a while though i gave up on this rule . by and large ( and this is not speaking for all reviews... just 90 % of them ) a review for a children 's book goes something along the lines of " it was good , my four-year-old requests it every night , buy this book , etc. " . nothing too shocking or revealing . so i grew lazy . i started reading other reviews of picture books long before i sat down to actually write a review of my own . just moments ago i went to do the same thing for the beautiful picture book , " martin 's big words " . this book was on my list of must-reads because it had garnered itself a caldecott honor years before . so i went to the appropriate amazon.com page ( much as you are now ) and read the first review on the list . at the time , it was an unassuming july 18 , 2002 review entitled , " there 's something wrong here... " . i read the review . i digested the review . and i came to the inescapable opinion that the points raised in the review were good ones . ones that i should consider , dare i say , in my own review . this is unprecedented . never has a review for a book , a children 's book , really hit home for me like this one did . so to that mysterious reader who thought to make a point back in 2002 , i commend you . and to myself , a mental whipping for breaking my own rules . it 's a hard act to follow , but i 've a point or two of my own to make and i 'm gon na make ` em . now as a children 's librarian i get a whole heaping helpful of small children coming in around january 17th ( or just before ) requesting books on martin luther king jr. for the older children , such requests are usually easy enough to fulfill . but for little ones with short attention spans and even shorter vocabularies , the choices are limited . fortunately , there 's , " martin 's big words " . a beautiful encapsulation of the life of the great man , the book shows martin as a child , first encountering the insanity of segregation . we see him grow up and preach a gospel of love and acceptance . following this are small looks at the 1955 montgomery bus boycott , civil rights marches , and his 1964 nobel peace prize . finally , while marching with striking garbage collectors ( a fact not often mentioned in children 's biographies of king ) , he was shot and killed . says the book at the end , " his big words are alive for us today " . the book is stunning to look at , you know . the endpapers consist of pane after pane of brown , peach , amber , and umber stained glass . taken together , the stained glass appears to be a variety of different skin tones all working together to make something beautiful . using collage , illustrator bryan collier peppers his unique style with symbolic images ( such as four lit candles placed in remembrance of the girls killed in the sixteenth street baptist church ) . in the rest of the book , collier 's images leap off the page . they 're bright , colorful and eclectic . combined with author doreen rappaport 's elegant eloquent narrative , children get a full understanding of the courage and greatness behind dr. king 's life and actions . so what about the complaints of this book ? let 's examine them fully . first of all , one criticism is that in the image of the civil rights march there are thirteen men on display , none of whom are either white or female . this is true . and it is a little odd . not do n't-buy-this-book odd . just why-did-the-illustrator-make-that-choice odd . from looking at the picture i can only assume that collier was working off a snapshot of a portion of a march from the past and did n't notice that it was a bit skewed . the other criticism of the book is that whites are only portrayed as evil rednecks that want to kill dr. king . i dunno . the book says plenty of things about diversity and the coming together of the races . as for the lack of positive white images , i admit they 're not present in this particular book . however , the world is filled to overflowing with books that do present positive images of white people . as a white person myself , i 'm sick to death of 'em . and i 'd gladly exchange four or five hundred such books for a single one that was half as beautifully illustrated and written as " martin 's big words " . so yeah , the book has a flaw here or there . but it also fills a need . however important you deem it that your children see positive images of whites during the freedom marches is your prerogative . but do n't pass " martin 's big words " by because it fails to fully display the diversity of the 60s in your eyes . it 's a great book with a great message . it 's also one of the few king bios that 'll capture your seven-year-old 's attention for longer than a minute . a great addition to any library and a necessary purchase for anyone who wants to teach their small child about a magnificent man .
i loved this book . i love it so much , i want to give copies to my sisters , my friends and to get my husband to read it . the ideas seem so simple and straight forward , that when you read it , you say " of course , i can do that in my life . " much of it covers identifying your goals , focusing on those and affirming that you can achieve them . i found it very rational and not just wishful thinking . i really like the exercises included in some chapters . one exercise was to write a description of what would be a your perfect day . he explains the purpose of each exercise and ask questions/gives direction for carrying it out . it 's the type of book that can be sampled and parts re-read at intervals to reinforce your efforts for a happier life
i read this book and could not put it down . mr moyers will change the way of thinking for many as this disease has no limitations on the age in which this disease affects someone and all those around them . this book has insight and boundless wisdom for all generations involved . i would recommend all colleges make it madatory reading , and only wish somehow every adult knew it was available .
ibn batuta describes his encounters with peoples and lands west of his native tangiers ( morocco ) in the 14 c. by avoiding to travel the same route twice , he comes to the same places a number of times ( baghdad , delhi ) spinning and zigzagging his ways through mountains and seas . as he explores with brio this world , he unfolds himself and as in most cross-cultural encounters , this maybe one of the most interesting features of the book . he accepts miraculous events with a candor i have not found in any other middle age traveler of those lands ( from marco polo to the jesuits ) . he gives little description of the way people live in the places he visits - which i regret - apart from detailed descriptions of the gowns and other garments he is given by some of the sheikhs of the places he visits . the descriptions of how those sheikhs succeeded to govern illustrate how ( extremely ) fragile power was and is in those regions . names are sometimes difficult to relate to those we know - which is regretful . do n't follow ibn batuta 's advice , read ( and enjoy ) the book twice
i lived in a situation somewhat like that richardson describes . we watched vietnam from 1000 miles away , but the players were the same . it was like living at the far edge of the welsh marches in the time of the roman empire . maybe if you have n't lived within a bureauocracy you wo n't understand , but everything he says is true
a must for any afterlife library.the chapter entitled " mothers chapter " is worth the price of the book alone . i know it will be hard to put this book down . a delightful 2 day read
there are many books out there about the supposed strengths or weaknesses of globalization and free trade , but at least in terms of the international movement of capital , you 'll usually find mere boosterism and ideology . at last , paul blustein has given us a look at the real-life effects of financial shenanigans and speculation on the lives of real people in a developing nation . here we have an in-depth and incredibly informative examination of the global financial trends that led to the horrendous collapse of argentina 's economy in 2001-2002 , which resulted in millions and millions of people descending into poverty and hardship . you wo n't be surprised to see the word " bubble " regularly , as blustein covers the surprisingly slow-moving factors that added up to disaster over several years , with many mistakes made by all parties along the way . in addition to some financial mismanagement and damaging internal politics within argentina itself , blustein also explains errors made by the imf and the clinton and bush administrations , and unhealthy speculation by foreign investors who had no regard for the outcomes of their actions . not to mention , argentina was the punching bag for an international monetary system that is built to ensure short-term rewards for speculators , plus an ideology that believes it to be acceptable when elites in rich countries profit while regular people in developing nations are left holding the bag when the bubble bursts . i would also recommend this book for those with a general interest in international monetary matters , as bluestein does a marvelous job explaining phenomena like currency exchange rates , international debt and equity markets , and other financial concepts that you may wish to understand more deeply . if you 're an ideologue in love with the supposed panacea of free markets , thinking that the unfettered movement of capital around the world will raise all ships , you might have your worldview shot down by blustein and his excellent look at argentina 's misery . [ ~ doomsdayer520 ~
i have a pile of thes books at home & this is the first one that ever gave me any useful information . i am physically challenged and i have a hard time getting around . this is the only book i ever read that features information for people like me
i found this book to very informative . in a nutshell , it tells you how food is processed throughout your system and it 's reaction . like , fresh vegatables can be eaten with anything but starches do n't digest well with meat . there are stages to going * raw * that ms. rose has honestly and clearly put out there . our bodies just ca n't go raw over night . yhere is a change in the digestive system . i know from my experience how my body feels when i eat raw for several days and then introduce the wrong combonation of foods . i feel like i 'm suffering at the toilet.sorry . natalie gets you through the stages of developing this life style . it 's a detox program not a cookbook . it has recipes for all the stages to going * raw . ms. rose hershelf claims it took several years for her to go completely raw . the recipes are for those various stages . i do n't find anything wrong with this book . as far as enzymes . all foods have them , and yes our body has them too . when cooking foods you are breaking down the enzymes that are packed with nutrients . that simple . we want to incorporate more enzymes or natural living food into our bodies . and if you read your bible...you will know what it means to eat pure food . eat what the lord has provided for you . you best optimal health can continue and grow from eating more living foods . i was on this plan for a month . without exercise i did the stage 3 and followed through the evening . i lost 16lbs in a month ! i did n't even do an enema yet . my body was doing well everyday several times a day getting rid of the waste i 've manage to occumalate . i didn'want to wear my food anymore . my insulin was way off from process snacks . this really help me feel the difference and pay respect to the best thing i could have done for myself . this book is a great beginning . i hope you see it the way i do
i enjoyed this novel . it was n't hiaasen 's best work but it was well beyond a lot of novels one could read . hiaasen has the ability to look at the lower end of society and bring out the humour in how they conduct their lives . in this novel , two people win the lotto . ordinarily this would be a cause for celebration but when one of the winners bemoans the fact that they have to share their spoils with another and they are wan na-be white supremists , then the adventure starts . the shenanigans of the characters is both humourous and engrossing , this is a book that i recommend
only about two hundred pages , jonathan spence does a very noble job summarizing one of the most powerful , mysterious , fascinating , and frightening persons of the twentieth century . though if one is looking for a book that goes into detail about any aspect of mao 's life or policies , it is best to look elsewhere . this book is a straightforward and unabashed introduction and quick overview of mao 's life and work and ideas . perfect for people curious about mao and twentieth century china who want to read more than an abstract , but do not necessarily need or want to tackle a big and detailed work . just the facts and little commentary . spence does a good job balancing any bias against or for mao and his policies and deals mostly with the reasons for them and overall consequences
this book opened up new database opportunities for me . without it , i would never have unlocked the real power of mysql 5
this novel was amazing . it is just as good as jurassic park and i recommend it to anyone who loved jurassic park . this novel is much better than the movie so if you liked lost world , then you should definitely read this . crichton realistially extends this series and keeps you entertained throughout the book . once you pick it up , you wo n't want to put it down
i really enjoyed this book . it was interesting and fast . it kept my attention and i did not want to put the book down .
the chronicles of narnia by accaimled author c.s . lewis is worth every penny . i bought a copy for myself , but i am saving it for when my son learns to read . the lion the witch and the wardrobe will move you if are you 25 or 5 and the story is a of such a kind--that you are the better for reading it
through forster 's impressive command of the english language and advanced character development , the story of helen & margaret schlegel unfolds . the sisters--who are highly educated , pensive , and artistic--become entangled with the wilcox family--practical , unilateral capitalists--and the basts--working class and unassuming . however , the initially subtle differences between the sisters ( and how they approach love , misfortune , and personal relations ) become more obvious as the novel progresses , climaxing in a scandalous ending that was unexpected from a high-brow english novel . ( i think some of the 1 and 2 start reviewers never actually read the novel to its dramatic end ) human nature notwithstanding , the novel 's refinement , gorgeous writing , and riveting story-telling prevail to the end . i loved it !
the narrator of joe perrotta 's novel " joe college " is danny , an english major at yale . stuck with the peculiarities of his roommates , and with a horrendous crush on a fellow student named polly , danny struggles to complete his junior year . while home in new jersey on a summer break , danny drives his father 's lunch wagon " the roach coach . " and this is how he meets cindy , a pleasant , chatty secretary . danny compares her to the girls on the yale campus , and the comparison is not flattering to cindy . he 's faintly embarrassed by her , and while she 's ok to date when he 's home in new jersey , he 's ashamed of the relationship when he returns to yale . once again , perrotta presents the theme of escape from new jersey , and in the novel , danny 's escape is temporarily through yale , but ultimately through education . cindy represents everything danny is trying to escape--a lifetime driving the roach coach , and danny knows far too many people who made huge mistakes and ended up trapped forever in new jersey . class is another theme in the novel--during the school year , danny works in a cafeteria . the employees and the townies are all too well aware that their lives are mapped out--whereas the yale students seem to have vast , limitless opportunities . while danny 's background is humble , and his parents have made tremendous sacrifices to send him to yale , he rubs shoulders with peers who come from incredibly wealthy homes . to them , yale does n't quite hold the desperate stakes that face danny . when it comes to making some rather questionable moral choices , danny nakedly examines his motives , and simply shrugs . while this does not make danny a heroic narrator , it certainly makes him very real and very human . as a perrotta fan , i hope that the author rediscovers danny in another novel . in " joe college " danny 's moral fibre is still quite plastic , and he may prove to be fascinating in middle age--displacedhuma
the band : james hetfield ( lead vocals , guitar ) , kirk hammett ( guitars ) , lars ulrich ( drums & percussion ) , and new member jason newsted ( bass ) formerly of flotsam and jetsam ( replacing cliff burton , r.i.p. ) . the disc : ( 1988 ) 9 tracks clocking in at approximately 65 minutes . included with the disc is a 10-page booklet containing song titles/credits , song lyrics , band pictures , one 'gavel ' drawing containing band member faces , and thank you 's . this is metallica 's 4th studio album . all songs written by hetfield , hammett , ulrich and/or newsted . recorded at one on one studios , los angeles , ca . this would be flemming rasmussen 's last album produced with the band ( bob rock would follow ) . the japanese ( import ) version contains a bonus track - a diamond head cover , " the prince " . label - elektra . comments : " ...and justice for all " was the last classic metallica album of the 80 's . it was also their final attempt at thrash metal ( once the 90 's rolled around and producer bob rock entered the picture , the band took a more " mainstream " metal approach ) . the majority of songs are long with complex riffs... borderline progressive . let me first say that for years , this disc sat on my shelf . i thought it was over-produced ; i did n't like ulrich 's snare drum ( sounded cheap and tinny ) or his double bass ( sounded shallow and metallic - partly due to a coin taped to the drum skin where the foot pedal hit ) ; newsted 's bass was nonexistent ( the standard explanation for this combines newsted 's absence from the mixing sessions where he could have voiced his opinion , and the lingering issue of his " newness " within the band following the death of burton ) ; there were three songs that i just could not get into ( " eye of the beholder " , " the shortest straw " and lightning fast " dyers eve " ) ; and the articles i read about the 3 original band members hazing and not accepting newcomer newsted was infuriating... call if fun , call it pranks , call it cruel - newsted simply did not deserve this kind of treatment . newsted ( or anyone else who took the job ) had two choices - put up with the crap or leave . from the outside looking in , burton 's loss was tragic , but the way hetfield/ulrich/hammett handled the situation afterwards seemed uncalled for . as far as " ...and justice for all " is concerned though , it 's taken a decade to grow on me and finally realize there are some brilliant songs here . in my opinion , " one " is one of metallica 's finest songs in their entire catalog . " one " has an awesome slow beginning , tells a great story of an injured soldier , and ends in fine metal thrash form ( not to mention one of the more memorable mtv videos ) ... all in all featuring great guitar work ( intro , rhythm and solos ) . " blackened " is an underrated gem of an opener . " to live is to die " is the other masterpiece ( almost 10 minutes long ) - riffs and spoken words written by cliff burton ( his last written testament ) - this song has great riffs and 7 minutes of jamming before any vocals... reminiscent of something taken right off " master of puppets " . the title track also resembles something from " puppets " . " ...and justice for all " chart success - hitting # 6 on billboard 's " top 200 albums " from 1988 , as well as the song " one " hitting # 35 on billboard 's hot 100 . there 's good and bad here... this album is still considered a classic and essential . if not only for the songs " one " , " blackened " and " to live is to die " ( 4 stars ) .
i just finished my second reading of it . i really can not add much to the great reviews already written . i 've always loved dickens ' way with words , and this book is a treasure in that department . the english , the era , the characters , the countryside.... it got to the point where i could n't wait for the evening to come so i could continue reading . this also seems to me to be an important " cornerstone book " for other great english literature . the theme ( though just a seed ) for scrooge in a christmas carol begins here , in a story called the goblin who stole a sexton , a story related during one of pickwick 's christmastime visits to a friend in the country . when reading the wind in the willows or tolkien 's works , i can not escape the feeling that they were also influenced by the charm , the sense of humor ( okay , humour ) , duty to friends , and the simple but most important things in life which dickens so impressively describes . the only negative thing is that i discovered that it had an effect on me which made me wish that i was free from the drudgery of daily work , was retired ( with ample monetary means , of course , like pickwick himself ) , and could devote the remainder of my life to similar ramblings , adventures , and pursuits . an excellent book
i first read this extraordinary book in 1986 , just two years after it was first published . picking it up again , i find it eerily applicable to our current situation . there is a familiar old adage that teaches us that those who refuse to learn history are doomed to repeat it . the march of folly brings this message back to the forefront . barbara w. tuchman eloquently discusses the bizarre propensity of governments throughout history to pursue policies contrary to their own interests . mind you , this is not a pacifist book but rather one that begs governments to beware of the reckless pursuit of policy that might prove to be dangerous . and , yes , i admit right readily that hindsight is 20-20 . beginning with the trojans and their acceptance of the trojan horse to benighted papal policy during the renaissance to britain 's stupidity during the american revolution to questionable american policy during the vietnam war , the march of folly invites the reader to consider the fact that as things change in historic chronology apparently nothing else does . given our current war policies , efforts and mistakes in iraq , tuchman 's masterpiece is a very poignant read and we must confess , regardless of individual political leanings , that the potential for history to repeat itself yet again is considerable . who knows , there may yet be a sequel to this one appropriately titled the march continues . the horsema
when my sunday school teacher gave us the challenge of reading through the bible in a year , i thought it was going to be hard . so i started looking for a one-year bible . when i came across this one i was really excited . it is by far my favorite traslation because it is so easy to read . i can get through the daily reading in about 15-20 minutes . it breaks down the hard to read old testament into easy reading . and one of the best parts is that it breaks down the reading by day , so you are not constantly going back and forth between the books . truely one of the best bibles i have purchased ! ! !
many stories in this book reminds me of the famous essay &quot ; silent spring&quot ; . the writing style is extremely accessible to every body and yet delivers a significant amount of knowledge , advice , and sometimes wisdom . the author carefully explains medical terms and implications , thus easing the reader 's mind without using a medical book . this book is highly recommended to anyone who has a curious mind
kate white introduces us to the world of tabloid reporting in a sassy titillating crime novel--over her dead body . i could feel the slime drip off the characters that were responsible for keeping the buzz and its rag competitors in production . while the mention of 'current ' celebrities will date this book , kate 's spellbinding storytelling definitely has staying power . over her dead body is a fast-paced novel about the murder of the mona hodges , editor in chief of the buzz , who had a long list of hostages in her wake , each one having good reason to hate her or perhaps kill her-with a sprinkling of romance for levity . even though the main character , bailey weggins , a celebrity crime writer , gets discombobulated many times throughout the investigation , she is clever enough to pull together the pieces of the mystery to its conclusion . right to the end kate white keeps the reader guessing on who did this horrible crime . i am looking forward to reading more bailey weggins ' mysteries . do n't keep us waiting , kate ! armchair interviews says : sounds like another good summer read .
as a health writer , i know that pharmaceuticals can be very dangerous compounds . but for years , i overlooked the fact that drugs are n't good for pets either . your cat can probably benefit from safer alternative treatments . martin zucker has put together a wonderful book with top veterinarians . do n't keep alternative and holistic treatments to yourself -- share them with your pet
i loved this book ! i read it in a single day . i have read everything else of maupin 's and strongly recommend this novel , too . this is probably my favorite book of his . the author had more lyrical descriptions in this book than i remember from his past volumes . i found myself rereading lines and paragraphs simply for the sheer beauty of language . the falling apart relationship between gabriel and jess also hit me as realistic and at times almost too painful to read . a great book ! ! !
'the regulators ' is not quite on the literary level of 'desperation, ' but that makes it more fun in a way , especially as it 's less preachy . i liked that 'the regulators ' adds a little more information about the mysterious tak . here we see a more terribly playful , oddly fastidious , and possibly younger tak who loves spaghetti , chocolate milk , westerns , and cassie stiles . and while most of the characters of 'the regulators ' are flatter than those of 'desperation, ' 'the regulators ' gives us a glimpse of what some inhabitants of desperation might have been like before tak possessed them , particularly audrey and collie who were never shown " pre-tak " in 'desperation .
a looming 21-year high school reunion has led me to ponder the past , especially the town i grew up in . i have been reading the geography of nowhere by james howard kuntsler , a book which explores the rise of suburbia and automobile culture in america . kuntsler explores the effects of modernist design philosophy ( le corbusier , gropius , bauhaus etc . ) . although kunstler 's book is by no means a complete history , his insights are provocative . his basic thesis is that the rise of the automobile has led to the development of a banal and meaningless &quot ; geography of nowhere&quot ; . in other words , since the 1920s , americans have pursued a single-minded vision when it comes to urban development : namely treating our built surroundings as disposable commodities to be bought and sold , with little regard to aesthetics . growing up in a suburb , i experienced this sort of fake-non-reality-bubble of what a city should be , or what it should do for its residents . there was always nothing to do , nowhere to go . fortunately , in those days , creative people created their own &quot ; scene&quot ; , no matter how lame it was . such a naive scene based on our libertine tastes and overbearing ignorance . of course , conformity was the rule . and we all nearly s--t ourselves when we got behind the wheel of our first car . it was almost like and 5-year-old 's first trip to disneyland . it was like that first sexual experience . it was an epiphany , of sorts . little did we realize that our addiction to auto travel would bring such a high cost to our lonely empty souls . who ever thought that being so cheap would cost us so much ?
very few books can weave the historical narrative with an account of the subject as mr.derbyshire does it in this book.whats more , he does total justice to the subject by making sure persons who should get their credit does atleast so . the author 's canvas is huge and he almost reminded me of how much i missed undergraduate math . a must read for students of algebra as this one sets a context which is far brilliant than the dry subject textbook ( i myself taught a class in algebra aat university of new orleans
extremely well researched . mcchesney has been a key figure in the " media debate " and he approaches the subject with knowledge and objectivity . his disciplined , almost scientific investigation is an example of non-partisan coverage of a crucial issue . if only a few politicians were as concerned with the public interest as mcchesney , we would be in a better world . i am a mexican citizen so i could n't care less about u.s. partisan politics , and if you care about the fate of public communications , you should n't either . this is a problem that affects every country , not just the u.s.a. , since the big telecommunication companies are broadcasting all over the world . the interest of big advertisers is being protected by u.s. policy and their marketing messages are then blasted everywhere . even the smallest community in the south-mexican jungles knows ronald mcdonald . cnn has latin editions of their biased news transmitted to most latin countries . as an outsider , i hope the u.s. citizenry will realize that this is not an issue of democrats vs. republicans but a world-wide issue of the individual vs. the big corporations . in reality they do n't care about your political affiliations , as long as you saturate your credit cards to buy their heavily advertised products , you can debate each other to death
woodward and bernstein , famous reporters for the washington post during the watergate scandal , chronicle their experience investigating and exposing the deceptive actions of president nixon and his cronies during watergate . this book takes the reader through woodward and bernstein 's efforts at uncovering the truth , internal dilemmas about the information they were uncovering , and covert meetings with confidential sources . they tell a tale of mystery and intrigue that stands up to some of the world 's best fiction except that this story actually happened and signaled the end of an era where the us presidency was respected above all else . this book is a fascinating look at how investigative journalism once was . instead of printing first and asking questions later , woodward and bernstein , along with their editors , took painstaking efforts at checking , double checking , and even triple checking their sources and information before putting something derogatory in print . it seems a sharp contrast to journalism today that appears to be publish now , ask questions later , and file a retraction in small print even later . this book also tells the tale of two very opposite reporters and how they pulled together to write about the crime spree of the century and topple a corrupt presidency . it gets better with each reading
a lot of the reviews i have read here , both positive and negative , have noted smith 's acerbic and sometimes hostile tone . in my own discussions on god , particularly when engaging christians , i probably would not use some of the more harsh language found in the book . it tends to be devisive and unproductive , and also reinforcing many of the deragatory stereotypes that are applied to atheists . that does not mean that any of smith 's arguments are not legitimate or powerful . they should be confronted by anyone who takes any position regarding religion or god . perhaps the most revealing and important passage of the work comes at the beginning of the chapter discussing the purported " proofs " for the existence of good posited by christian thealogians and laymen . smith explains that " many times in the past , before knowing better , i would engage in arguments with theists who claimed to have a rational foundation for their belief . after several painstaking hours of pointing out flaws in the proposed arguments , i would receive some form of the following comment : 'well , it really does n't matter if these proofs are invalid , because i have faith in the exstence of god anyway . ' the theist who resorts to this approach has no claim to rationality- only lack of integrity . " smith 's frustration throughout the text at this type of intrangisence is palpable and , ultimately , entirely understandable . some of the reviews on this page are illustrative of the general resentment which most christians seemed to hold for the methods by which human beings acquire knowledge and distinguish truth from falsehood . as an outspoken atheist , i have heard these types of decrees repeated to me ad nauseum- and they never stop being disturbing . " lean not on your own understanding , " i have been told again and again . " trust in the lord and stop using all this silly logic , " or " god wants us to believe like children , " they will say . all i hear is : " i am happy being ignorant . you will be happy in this delusional fantasy land i live in , too . i know god is not just an inadequate answer to these questions , but no answer at all . things do n't need answers , or explanations , or anything . everything is ok because i have faith in god . "  hence , i sympathize with smith 's frustration . i urge all atheists to read this book , which reads more or less like a conversation between an atheist and an extremely intellectual and sophisticad christian who spews ( practically ) every argument ever conjured to be a believer or to be a christian , and has them overwhelmingly refuted . smith understands the obstanince that atheists will inevitably encounter when christians ( particularly unsophisticated christians ) are challenged . this is probably the reason why some of his repudiations seem unnecessarily expatiated . any atheist who has offered apologetics in defense of atheism knows that trying to engage a christian is like playing whack-a-mole , as soon as one battle is definitvely won the christian will retreat into a sheild of ignorance . this act , smith accurately points out , will usually involve the word " faith " being substituted for , but meaning the exact same thing as , " ignorance . " i assume this is why smith so meticulously tears apart the idea of something that human beings call " faith " being an effective ( or even theoretically plausible ) conduit to fundamental truth . he also points out the common ways that christians like william lane craig and j.p. moreland use mangled science or language to misrepresent the issues at hand . as a small example of this that i found interesting , in " does god exist ? , " j.p. moreland states that he believes that people can actually perceive god through something he calls " numinous perception . " moreland does not give an explanation of how an outside observer could ever deiscern whether someone was having a genuine " numinous perceptive " experience , or how exactly numinous perception would actually work physiologically or psychologically . conveniently , this would rule out any chance of moreland 's hypothesis ever being tested and shown to be accurate or inaccurate . when someone hears an argument like this , one can easily turn to smith for excellent articulation of why they are absurd and illegitimate . smith writes : " my argument with the christian is that he claims to have experienced god , but he refuses to explain the process by which he , a physical organism , experienced this supernatural being . i wo n't limit him arbitrarily to the traditional five senses , but i will demand that he present evidence for his new perceptual powers . has he discovered a new sense ? fine , then let him tell us about it so we can test it . no christian has ever succeeded in explaining just how he perceives his mysterious god . he claims to have knowledge of a mysterious , unknowable being , having gained this knowledge in some mysterious unknowable manner . this is totally unacceptable . "  moreland 's clever creation of a scientific sounding title for perception of god does not help him . this book will help atheists with this type of argumentation through just about any thread of thought a theological argument can get into . yes , the rhetoric 30 years later sounds more sophisticated ( with other clever titles like " intelligent design theory " ) , but it is not actually more compelling or sophisticated than when aquinas wrote his five proofs or russell challenged copelston . i reccomend this book and i ca n't wait to read " why atheism ? "  ( just as a curious note , does anyone know if smith actually debated people in public ? if anyone knows of any transcriptions id love to read some , please let me know if you do . clark00018 @ aol.com )
golding is a deeply symbolic novelist who relies , especially in this novel and in the inheritors ( 1955 ) , on ideas from the viewpoint of evolutionary biology and anthropology . the central symbol of the lord of the flies is that of a pig 's head upon a stick stuck in the ground , a totem in the making perhaps , but seen by golding as beelzebub , the " lord of the flies , " the devil , a head of rotting flesh enveloped by flies . the central idea is that without civilization we will degenerate into predatory animals ruled by superstition , the will to power , and the primordial need to survive . when piggy 's glasses , which symbolize the tools and knowledge of our culture are broken , it signals the degeneration , the return to the wild in which , as thomas hobbes has it , there are " no arts ; no letters ; no society ; and which is worst of all , continual fear and danger of violent death ; and the life of man , solitary , poor , nasty , brutish , and short . "  that a group of english school boys could degenerate so quickly after crash-landing on a deserted island may be seen as a bit fanciful , or more exactly , as the artifice of the artist ; nonetheless , the premise of this extraordinary work may well serve as a cautionary note for our times . should we , through nuclear warfare , a runaway greenhouse effect , sectarian violence on a global scale , or through the exhaustion of the fossil fuels that power our civilization , regress to the state of savages , we have this warning . instead of the noble savage , instead of a return to the garden of eden , instead of the swiss family robinson or robinson crusoe , golding takes us step by step from the world of the boy 's school to life and death power struggles and a fascination with savagery to the beginnings of tribal warfare . as in the inheritors , golding sees not the good in humans , but the viciousness . in the inheritors we homo sapiens murdered the gentle neanderthal , here we children become gangsters of the island , on our way to becoming tribal chieftains as murderous and vengeful as the god of the old testament . i understand that golding wrote the novel in part to answer the pollyannaish naivete of r.m . ballantyne 's the coral island ( 1857 ) , which i have n't read . clearly cruelty is one of golding 's main themes . left to their own devices and without the restraint of civilization 's justice , humans will be cruel sometimes just to be cruel and sometimes as a means of gaining power . the boys ralph and piggy naively try to set up a democratic sort of government , but are defeated by the brutality of jack and his will to savagery . the loss of innocence that the boys experience is seen as not the loss of something they intrinsically had , but of something superimposed upon them by civilization . in reality , golding is saying , there is no innocence in children , that is only a fairy tale idea to which we romantically subscribe . this is one of those novels that has found its way onto the high school or even the middle school curriculum because it is easy to read and because it is easy for young people to relate to . but the strength of this novel lies not only in its theme and readability but in the fine characterizations of the individual boys . as in all great works of literature , it is the combination of character and story that compels us to turn the pages , and invites our admiration . it should be noted that golding deliberately left out one of the central drives of humans , probably because he did not want to muddy up his theme of savagery , or perhaps because he felt the task too great or perhaps because he did n't find the task palatable . i am referring to the lack of sexuality in the novel . not only are there no girls on the island , but the boys do not , at least overtly , involve themselves in sex . we can see that golding 's artistry anticipated this criticism since it can be argued that the boys in this situation and at their tender age are not yet ready to express themselves sexually . i wonder if postmodern psychology would agree . certainly freud would not . bottom line : a great read , a terrific adventure , but not a book in my opinion that should be read by preteens , in other words , you need to be older than the characters in the book in order to read the book without fear of nightmares
a lot of these reviews say that they 've read this book and it 's " done wonders " for them and everyone they 've recommended it to . the book itself will not do wonders unless you work on the things gawain suggests . it 's not a miracle cure-all book - it 's about giving you the motivation to do something about your life instead of sitting back and watching the trail roll out behind you . i read this book in college when i was going through a little bit of a rough patch , figuring out what i wanted , etc . now that i 've graduated and am slowly becoming wary of the corporate world , i need more positivity in my life so i 'm re-reading it in the hopes that i can zero in on my goals and start achieving them again . i highly recommend it to those who are open-minded enough to give it a chance
not only a terrific portrait of louis b. mayer , but a wonderful history of hollywood movie-making . my caveat is the portrait of dore schary . while eyman is fair in his depiction of the struggle between mayer and thalberg , eyman found it necessary to choose sides in the mayer schary conflict in the last part of the book , possibly to " correct " the view of mayer the monster and schary the savior in earlier mayer bios . his portrait of schary , a man i knew , bears no resemblance to that decent , fair minded , and gifted man . it is clear that he interviewed few surviving friends and family members of schary . eyman claims that schary had no knowledge of the making of musicals , yet schary in his post mgm days produced a successful musical , " the unsinkable molly brown . " whatever good flims came from mgm during schary 's reign are dismissed as the work of others . he creates a portrait of schary as a talentless hack , forgetting not only the good films schary wrote in earlier days but the successful broadway play he wrote about fdr , " sunrise at campabello . " he writes that schary only spoke of himself in retirement . i knew few older men who took such an interst in world affairs and the fortunes and misfortunes of his friends . if he can get schary so wrong , it forces me to question his other judgments . having said all that , i think this is a fine book , evoking old hollywood with grace and style .
if you are planning a trip to italy , this is a book you should take with you
wow - i had to have this book . they are right , he explains everything wrong with oracle and all about vulnerabilities and exploits .
as soon as people see breton 's name on a book , they immediately feel indignation and privately exclaim , &quot ; the dictator of surrealism ! &quot ; what they do n't seem to realize is that , despite being a flawed and somewhat ambivalent man , he probably had more passion in his pinky than they do in their entire body . &quot ; nadja&quot ; is simply one more delightful proof of breton 's genius and his infallible flair for the surreal , the mysterious , the mystical , and everything that is profoundly divergent . in this tale of intrigue and obsession he travels the streets of paris with a ghostly , clearly insane young woman who calls herself nadja , which is the russian word for hope . the most captivating parts of the novel are the bizarre and surreal conversations he has with her . even though he found her incredibly fascinating and almost an ethereal enigma , things start to turn sour between them and breton grows bored with her . at the end of the novel , nadja is put into an asylum after the police are called because of her incessant screaming and apparently incoherent behavior , some of which suggested that she was living in a world of hallucinations and irrational fears . we do know that nadja was a real woman and not by means some fictitious creation of breton 's , and we also know that she came to a somewhat unfortunate end . it may be true that breton 's behavior and attitude of indifference and deliberate ignorance about her truly wretched fate ( she died of cancer , insane and completely alone ) is indeed nothing to admire , but those who put too much emphasis on this admittedly accurate fact forget that while he may in a sense have betrayed her , he also made a truly admirable effort to make the world see nadja and those like her as no one has seen them before , and immortalized her in a book that is absolutely unforgettable and breathtakingly beautiful . breton was a profoundly hopeful and truly revolutionary figure who exhorted humanity , even while the second world war raged and reaped it 's devastating results universally on all of mankind , to recognize the miraculous and wondrous nature of our very existence , however 'absurd ' or meaningless some felt it to be after the horrendous events of the twentieth century . it is true that he occasionally goes over the top with his optimism , but his iron will and determination to fight 'miserabilism ' , the philosophical justification of human misery , at all costs can only call forth our admiration . his exaltation of the imagination as the highest of human faculties and the sole organ of man that will allow him to attain felicity seems to be verified by direct , concrete experience of life . as we grow older and we come to realize that sensual pleasure is a big part of life but essentially empty and hollow , our inner lives ( hopefully ) become more vivid and we end up spending more and more time there . breton knows this and wants us to cultivate it to the highest degree possible . do n't be fooled by the 'anti breton ' rhetoric and take a dismissive attitude toward him , because you 'll be missing out on some of the most fascinating books ( to my mind ) ever written
this is one of the most insightful books i 've ever come across . the author is simply a genious . embracing the principles of this book may be the difference between developing a successful business or not
i realize that this is the only book currently on the market for the 993 , aside from spending a small fortune on the actual shop manuals ( on cd 's ) , but after receiving the book and spending several nights giving it a good read , i have come to the conclusion that someone will be hard pressed to put together anything so accurate and complete . this is a must for any 993 owner !
mr hargrave 's book contains practical guidance to developing a sound , realistic and executable strategic business plan . drawing from his wealth of business experience from working &amp ; leading various corporations and running his own consultancy practice , the book provides a detailed framework from which managers can follow to draw up their own plans . on top of that , explainations are given throughout the book on why certains steps are needful while others are superfluous , what key issues to consider and what pitfalls to avoid in formulating the plan . three words that describe the content of the book will have to be : impactful , illuminating and practical . a must-read for managers and aspiring mbas in strategic management . a second edition to bring in the role of it in strategic planning would be great
we 're all getting old and fat ! this book just makes you feel less alone about the ordeal
i always need tissues when i read this book ! it has helped so much ! i teach preschool and one of my students lost his dog . i gave him this book and dog heaven . his parents said how much both books helped . it is just so hard for children to understand death . i think this book goes a long way in validating a child 's feelings . so often children do n't know what to feel , they know grief , but there is so much more than that . it truly helps when children know it 's ok to be confused , hurt , and just upset . i highly recommend this book
if you do n't know what you are doing then you need to get this book . if you think you know what you are doing , then you definitely need this book because you probably have no clue . contrary to what one reviewer states , this text does provide a good balance between application and theoretical example . i use this book all of the time as a graduate student . it is a wonderful reference . if you are studying econometrics , then this is the first book you should buy .
this book offers such a fabulous collection of ideas . the information and ideas one can gather from these pages is both a great way to trace the roots of feminism as well as to decide where we go from here . each section and piece has introductory information giving a setting of time , place and situation before the writers present their views . there are so many ideas , ideals and beliefs that while not always agreeable or congruent , can be applied to today 's feminist movement . there is virtually nothing in the book that is n't valuable as either an example of progress or the seed of a new branch for the feminist tree . to understand the position in which women today navigate life , this book is essential reading . interesting , entertaining and informative , it ought to be required readin
the story of anne continues with this work and the author stays true to her style , story line and character developement . this , like the other books in this series , have a rather timeless nature about them and a comforting charm . the reader , of course , must remember the time they were written and the style and syntax used at that time . from my own point of view , this is great . i enjoy this type of writing and certainly enjoy ms. montgomery 's story telling abilities . in this work , anne goes off to redman college and her adventure continues . recommend these books for readers of all ages . wish there were more works out there like it .
nicholas nickleby is a significant dickens in the uncannily absorbing way the narrative diversifies to various literary discourses . the protagonist 's experiences and encounters in adverse milieu through life not only embody melodrama , comic relief , political satire , class comedy , social criticism , and domestic farce , they allow dickens the opportunity to portray , to the minutest nuance , an extraordinary cast of rogues and eccentrics . the main frame of nicholas nickleby is a quintessential dickens : a generic , virtuous man who concerns with the affair of establishing his identity as a gentleman and the pruning of whom entwines him in a checkered fate . nicholas nickleby has committed no fault and offenses , and yet he is to be entirely alone in the world , to be separated from the people he loves , and to be proscribed like a criminal . the more unbearable the ordeals and the more injudicious the deal of the hand from life , the more profusely the novel accentuates dickens ' outrage at the cruelty and social injustice . when nicholas nickleby is left exiguous after his father 's death , he turns to his hard-hearted uncle to solicit succor . but ralph nickleby , a most unscrupulous and avarious man he is , demonstrates that he is proof against all appeals of blood and kindred , and is steeled against every tale of distress and sorrows . the man will never fail to exert any resolution or cunning that will promise increase of money for there is scarcely anything he will not have hazarded to gratify his greed . it 's not that he is unconscious of the baseness of the means with which he acquires his gains . he cares only for gratification of his passions of avarice and hatred . he might have from the beginning conceived dislike to his nephew whom he brazenly places in squeers ' dotheboys hall , a school for unwanted boys , as an assistant master . the cruelty of squeers , who 's coarse and ruffian behavior even at his best temper , nicholas has been an unwilling witness . the filthy condition of the school and the bodily distortion of the boys impart in him a dismal feeling . the thought of being a helper and abettor of such squalid practice fills his with honest disgust and indignation . the cruelties descend upon helpless infancy fuel this rightful indignation in nicholas , who interferes with the schoolmaster 's flogging a boy named smike and astonishes everyone in school . not only does ralph persuade nicholas ' family to renounce him for the atrocities to squeers of which he is guilty , he also betrays his niece kate into the company of some libertine men who are clients of his and who speak of her in a most casual , lecherous , ribald and vulgar terms . she is roused beyond all endurance by a profusion of compliments of which coarseness becomes humor and of which vulgarity softens down to the most charming eccentricity . the mutual hatred between uncle and nephew aggravates as nicholas overhears conversations about his sister . the hidden feud further percolates to the surface and leads to a pitch to its malignity as he tries to rescue a girl from a marriage to which she has been impelled . as the uncle insidiously hatches a scheme to retaliate against his nephew who has in every step of the way interceded and thwarted his plans for mercenary gains , nicholas entwines with a cast of characters who are humorous , memorable , and true to life . peripheral to his molding to become a gentleman are episodes of political satire , theatrical success , courtship , family farce , and chicanery . the most significant character is no doubt smike , whom nicholas saves from the hellish grip of the schoolmaster and has become his best friend . nicholas ' unfailing love and protectiveness toward the boy accentuates his being the novel 's hero , whose domestic virtues , affections , compassion , and delicacy of feelings qualifies him to his later fortune and does him justice . nicholas nickleby is a flamboyantly exuberant work in which dickens wreaks the tension of his social satire to a pitch . details on the yorkshire school offer such magnifying vision of the cruelty , filthiness , and despotism in the boarding schools . nor does he spare the rogues and the greedy , whose squeamishness he sarcastically embellishes as a common honesty and whose pride as self-respect . nicholas nickleby also evokes the subtle problem of human nature in establishing boundary of one 's remorse . although ralph might feel no remorse in his betraying his niece to the temptation of his libertine clients , he hates them for doing what he has expected them to do . in a sense , nicholas is seen as the unswerving force that is determined to right the wrong of the society . he tries to appeal to the compassion and humanity of those who have gone astray and to lead them to consider the innocent and the helpless . nicholas might embody energy for radicalism and ambition to challenge social injustice ; his ultimate goal is the recovery of his ancestral position in the social hierarchy . but in the effort to undertake the good deeds , he is influenced by no selfish or personal consideration but by pity for the people he helps and detestation and abhorrence of the heartless schemes . in the same way he is determined to appeal to his uncle 's humanity and not to wreak revenge on him . but ralph 's hatred for his nephew has been fed upon his own defeat , nourished on his interference with all his schemes . nicholas nickleby is a sober social commentary woven with social and domestic issues . woven in one man 's aspiration to restore family 's ancestral dignity is dickens ' own musing , monologues , teachings on the soul , the life , and the moral . the discourse at times assumes a voice of despondency , sobriety and indignation .
this book is highly informative , updated to include everything up to around hero 's trial ( new jedi order ) , which makes it a must even if you already have the more presentable star wars encyclopedia . while the encyclopedia has more interesting and fact filled entrys , it 's also hideousely out of date , a problem that this one would easily correct ! i read it cover to cover in a few days , and was quite impressed with how much research went into it , and how few errors were made . even so , i have to say i 'd recommend this book mainly to fans experienced with eu stuff , lest they quickly become lost and overwhelmed
this book has everything from the ssd executor,to the isd avenger,to the emperor 's resurrection.this book is the one you need if you are looking for information on people,planets,starships,fighters,space colonies,everything ! ! ! this book is da bomb wit a capital b
peter mayle 's breakthrough book remains the classic mediterranean travel narrative . an elegant and witty writer , mayle set the standard for travel writers of the 1990s , and he 's difficult to equal to the present day . reading and re-reading " a year in provence " is like coming home again and again to a faithful friend . mayle is absolutely superb ! the next best thing to actual travel .
this book is great for encouraging students to ask questions and infer meaning ! try it out in the classroom
this book provides you with numerous analytical tools that can be used to quantify the strategic decision making process . not a real page turner but the models are useful and the case analysis provides real world examples of companies entering strategic crossroads . overall i think it provides the reader with a pragmatic way of managing the abundance of information involved in the strategic decision making process
the reader that keeps with this book will be rewarded . the conversations in the book are intelligent , the characters and dialogue are real , and the descriptions and settings are vivid . while the author provides a lengthy disclaimer at the end of the book explaining how the fictional university and town in the book are not based upon yale and new haven , it is sometimes hard to believe , especially given that the author has been a faculty member at yale law school for over twenty-years . this is not to say , however , that the descriptions in the book of the law school and town are inaccurate . rather , they may provide quite an accurate description of a town torn between those affiliated with a prestigious university ( yale ) and those that are not . in short , i enjoyed this book because it kept me guessing and the pace was just right . this is not a read-it-in-one-day thriller that grisham might come up with . instead , this is a much more intellectual read . what i enjoyed most about the book are its insights into life itself . carter uses fictional characters to explore the good and bad sides to marriage and family life , careers , law , and racism in this country . if you are willing to keep reading when the story seems slow and to learn and grow with the characters ( especially talcott ) , believe me , this book will reward you , and you 'll be glad you read it
as a one-time practicing physicist ( now just an " arm-chair physicist " ) and lifetime music lover , i have found this beautifully-written little book irresistible over the 17 years it has been in my library . in 1983 , when the original hardcover edition came out , this book was given to me as a gift by someone knowing my musical tastes , figuring that it would be the perfect gift . it turned out to be , but for reasons that are largely non-musical . as an arm-chair scientist , i 've read and enjoyed more than a few popularizations by well-known scientists over the years . these include richard feynman with his wry humor in virtually everything he wrote ( i number myself among those physicists who " cut their eye teeth " on the feynman lectures in physics ) , stephen hawking , brian greene , carl sagan , and even brian swimme . ( the swimme of " a walk through time " goes down easily , and covers much of the same ground that thomas does , but in a quite different way ; the swimme of " the universe is a green dragon " is a much harder sell for me due to its hard-pressed attempt to oversimplify . ) but for sheer elegance and poetry and breadth of scope , and for essays that provoke thought on the part of the reader , none can hold a candle to thomas . everyone who reads this little masterpiece will have his or her favorites . here are a few of mine :  in " things unflattened by science " ( an essay on unaddressed and/or incomplete challenges that future scientists might well undertake ) , a paragraph on how biologists might endeavor to better understand what music is , and how it affects the human condition , starting with a rather small-scale assignment to explain the effect of bach 's " the art of fugue " on the human mind . in " altruism " ( an essay on the symbiotic interrelationships among species ) , how it is that such a condition actually exists , and a challenge to future scientists to better understand how our own species might become more altruistic ( and adult ) than it presently is . in " the attic of the brain " ( a cautionary essay on the risks of psychiatry , most importantly psychoanalysis , in terms of performing " total brain dumps " ) , the need for all of us to carry around a little clutter in our lives , as insurance against the chance that we might inadvertently lose our ability to retrieve something truly important . in the title ( and final ) essay , another cautionary tale , this time on thermonuclear weaponry , the most lucid description i 've ever read regarding the true meaning of this music as envisioned by gustav mahler . in a few brief but sublime paragraphs , thomas has captured the essence of this remarkable opus in a way that no musician ( and that includes such mahlerites as bernstein , karajan , klemperer , rattle and walter ) ever had . until very recently , that is , with the release a few months back of a staggering performance by benjamin zander , conductng the philharmonia orchestra . but that is another topic , and another review . in the seventeen years since the initial publication of this book , quite a bit has changed in our worldview , in some aspects of society and science . but not enough ! the observations and challenges that thomas lays out will endure for centuries , provided only that we endure as well . bob zeidle
this book has easy to understand &amp ; have up to date case . the harley davidson case is one of the cases that showing us how 's struggling us to face japanese company offensive . this is the good case to picturing the dawn to earth marketing strategy compare to arrogant &amp ; not efficient strategy willing by us company
the adventures of huckleberry finn has been argued as a racial controversy since the first day it was published . shortly after it was accessible to the public , multiple committees banned the book , proclaiming it to be racist and " trash " . to this day , mark twain 's adventures of huckleberry finn is banned in several school districts . in my personal copy of the adventures of huckleberry finn , there is a helpful and informative introduction and notes throughout the text written by robert o'meally . he clearly states that the intent of twain 's word usage is needed in order to properly and vividly describe the setting and tone of the book . his usage of the racial slur " nigger " can be seen as offensive , but i believe it was necessary for it to be realistic . the dialogue that huckleberry uses throughout the book stays very true to his character , time , and place , at which the slur was used casually . besides the usage of the word " nigger " , characters in the book often loudly express their racist mentality . in the begining of chapter 14 , huck and jim are talking about all sorts of topics , both of them speaking their mind . twain describes huck 's thoughts : " well , he was right ; he was most always right ; he had an uncommon level head , for a nigger . " obviously some would perceive this to be intolerable and crude , yet i believe that twain is simply describing the way huck thinks of jim . the growing friendship between huck and jim is the basis of the entire novel . the book depicts the way huck feels and thinks about several ideas and concepts about life , the way he feels about his friend must be present and elaborate . i strongly support mark twain 's the adventures of huckleberry finn . the book wins people over with it 's dialogue , plot , originality , and capability to express a realistic story that takes place in a racist and unjust america .
this story gives me hope in mankind again . despite the horrendous abuse , this woman gave herself -- all of herself -- to save a child from the torment she experienced . i wish there were more people like torey hayden in this world . i can only hope that i can touch lives in the way ms. hayden has . this book will open eyes to the terrors of abuse that does , indeed , occur in this world , despite the fact that we would like to close our eyes to it . it also demonstrates the hope that victims can overcome and the need for us to step up to the plate to end this war of terror
although not as fascinating as his paper crystals ( a stellar work of modular origami ) , mathematical origami is a very solid work on the topic . david mitchell again gives clear instructions in text and diagrams for a very intriguing branch of paperfolding . there are many books on geometric and modular origami , but mitchell 's are more than just " look at this neat design . " instead , they are well thought out and very intelligently written . a must-have for fans of the art
this book is off the hook . oh ! my god this book will have you looking at your " so-called " straight man in a whole new light
i just got a book out of the library . the author is a nut about recording songs and analyzing the sonograms ( frequency intensity over time ) , and in his mind , when he hears a song , he identifies it by how it " looks " in his mental sonogram . this whole idea is amazing , and i think i 'll never listen to birds the same way again - just after reading the first few pages ! the writing style pulls you into the author 's world as he tracks birds and ponders the meaning of their song . if you love birding , you will wish you had been there on every walk , and you 'll want to wake up two hours before dawn the next day to discover the amazingly different pre-dawn songs of common birds . the book comes with as cd with 98 tracks of songs , and some of the tracks are slowed down , which really changes your perception and shows you the depth and richness of some of those " blurt " sounds birds make . the woodthrush at 1/10 speed reminds me of a howling wolf . i know i 'll never listed to this song the same way again
i bought my first copy of this book about two years ago . grabbed my brain and would not turn it loose...because the pages screamed... " this is you ! " . i am now 51 years old , and have had the cross of adhd ... or blessing... as you may see it all of my life . i found myself picking up the phone to call close relatives and grabbing friends to lecture them on what was going on...mostly reading straight from the book . my mother wondered if my father and older brother had adhd . dad is dead now , but this can help me put some of the dysfunction in our relationship together . yes , i have been persecuted for having untreated , undiagnosed adhd . yes , this book explained an awful lot to me , gave me real solutions , and encouraged me knowing that the two authors are also blessed / victims of this malady / mental enhancement ! i subsequently have bought copies for my aged mother in another state , and for my fiance . i have to say , my fiance read it through and studied it like a how to manual for fixing me ! ( she 's a little scary , sometimes ! ) and of course i sent a copy to my brother , the doctor , who has added it to his trusted library of resources and textbooks . i am now on one of the medications for the neurotransmitter stimulus . i have opted out of the antidepressants , because of their scary side effect warnings . but the stimulant works to calm me and flush me with something i do n't have without the medication . it makes a difference . i feel better and more confident , more able to concentrate and more up to meeting all the challenges of life . what more can i say ? their attention to all facets including proper medication and case history is fascinating , intriguing , and extremely useful . hope is out there
i 'll skip the description since that has been done so many times here . but i would like to say that i do n't have much time for reading , so make sure the books i choose are those by authors i consider 5-star . j.d . robb a/k/a nora roberts is one of the most prolific authors i 've ever read . how she manages to produce books that remain fresh and vibrant attests to her incredible talent and creative imagination . i 've read this series out of order , but each book is written so that the book itself can stand alone . this one , however , revealed to me the reason behind eve 's sometimes belligerent attitude , her strong persona , and standoffishness . robb is great at revealing subtle conflicts , inner turmoils . great book
mcdonald 's is one of the great symbols of america , and most countries around the world absolutely love mcdonald 's . if you want to know the history of the mega-giant corporation , this is a good starting place . we are capitalists in america - we love making money , and that can only be considered a good thing . mcdonald 's embodies much of the american spirit and american dream . sure , the food is n't healthy - as if that 's a newflash for anyone these days . but eating it in moderation is not harmful in any way . oh , and westcoaster ( below ) did n't actually read this book prior to reviewing it - that person just has a problem with successful business-people earning money . if you do n't have that problem , read the book and marvel at the entrepreneurial spirit . and to hades with the naysayers - come to think of it , i 'm outta here - got ta grab a quarter pounder with cheese , baby
one of the best new authors to date , and possibly one of the best writers in the history of the english language ! jasper has a very firm grasp of the language and creates a..slightly...twisted version of reality where people jump into books , fictional characters jaunt around the real world ( hamlet ) and books have a tendancy to re-write themselves . characters include jane eyre ( of course ) , the cheshire cat , the red queen , hamlet , and a slew of minor personalities from books out of print ( for good reasons ) . if you like puns , you 'll love this series
i loved the four agreements by don miguel ruiz , in which he shared wisdom from his toltec ancestors . . . it helped me and i 'm sure countless others develop a simple , yet effective code of personal conduct . so when i had the chance to listen to his follow-up book , the mastery of love , i naturally was intrigued by the possibility of gaining some more valuable insights from the author--this time dealing with the subject of both developing and maintaining a loving relationship . perhaps my only disappointment in this title was that it was too short . . . i gained so much from it that after one listening , i immediately felt the need to go back and listen a second time . . . methinks that if you were reading it , you 'd do the same , if just to master this one concept :  to try to change somebody is to try to change a dog or cat . you love them for who they are . if you 're with somebody , do n't try to change him or her . also , there were these other valuable tidbits : let go of the past and begin every day with a high level of love . if you do n't love yourself , you can change your belief and your life will change . when you hear your heart guiding you to happiness , make a choice and stick to it . forgive others , and you will see miracles happen in your life . and lastly , there was this one that really struck home : if your choice is to be in a relationship and your partner is playing the same game . . . what a gift !
simon winchester is a popular historian , in the modern mold . this means that he 's socially and politically a liberal , and that he 's interested in * everything * connected with a specific event . he 'll examine it from all angles , and attempt to see it from everyone 's eyes , look over everything connected with it , and then draw some conclusions . usually , those conclusions over-reach some ( i 'm being general about this type of writer , not of winchester specifically ) and the point of view is relentlessly modern . winchester has chosen as the topic of this book the explosion of the volcano krakatoa in 1883 . interestingly , the author is trained as a geologist , though he has spent most of his life working as a journalist and writer . this means that he actually understands the terminology of geology and vulcanology enough that he can at least make an attempt to explain it to the rest of us in layman 's terms , and the result is generally a happy one . krakatoa was a complex event ( the island had three summits , each a separate volcano : two disappeared in the explosion , but they erupted for a good while beforehand , and their effects lasted for years afterwards ) and winchester does a good job of relating what happened , the prelude to it , and the aftermath . the one criticism that people have which i agree with is that he tends to wander a bit , at times . there are discussions here of everything from dutch colonial policy to the habits of spiders to rather technical ( though carefully explained ) geology . while it 's all interesting , sometimes it does stray a bit far from the chosen topic . the author also occasionally over-reaches , a bit . for instance , his assertion that the explosion of the volcano indirectly led to indonesia 's independance is a bit much . my edition included a magazine article he 'd written just after the boxing day tsunami , in which he attempts to connect the san francisco earthquake with george w. bush 's election as u.s. president...that seems and even bigger stretch , to be honest . when the author sticks to the story , however , what he writes is very interesting . i would recommend this book
this is truely a funny book . it of course is the origin of the ma and pa kettle movies , yet much more . i like to pull this one off the shelf every now and again just to be able to chuckle . when you read it , you must remember when it was written and what the racial and political attitudes of the time were , although , it is a good read on that level too , i.e . seeing were our culture has been and where it is today . i did read one or two reviews which compaired this work to some of the authors other work...good grief folks , lighten up..read the thing for what it is..a funny story meant to amuse . when i was a kid , i did not read micky mouse and analyze each comic book for political correctness , nor social commentary ( although , being a dog lover , i was not always happy how pluto was presented and treated ) nor did i compair the micky of 1949 to the micky of 1952 . anyway , digging into a book like this for those reasons is fine i suppose , if you are into such , but for me , i just enjoyed the read and highly recommend it
george dewolfe sees the photographer as an artist , not a technician , yet his book provides the technical knowledge and shows how to use photoshop to create consistently high quality fine art prints . writing for the experienced photographer with a basic knowledge of photoshop , dewolfe begins by showing the photographer , with many examples , how to evaluate an image and decide what adjustments will bring out its special qualities . the experienced photographer has always used his or her understanding of how light , luminosity and color give life to an image , and has traditionally used various techniques in the darkroom to enhance them . dewolfe begins by training the eye of the artist to see these elements and understand how they work . after showing the reader how to truly see the image and decide how to fine-tune it , dewolfe then gives us a very detailed digital workflow which , once mastered , allows the photographer to produce excellent prints on a consistent basis . the workflow is clarified by many screen shots showing photoshop techniques and before/after image adjustments . those who think visually will find these particularly helpful . dewolfe 's approach is to use the simplest techniques that can produce consistently fine results . ( some photoshop users will be surprised by his use of the history brush instead of masking ; as a photographer who uses this tool , i appreciate its simplicity and controlled results . ) his focus is not on " tips-and-tricks in photoshop " , but on how to get the best possible prints in the simplest , most straightforward way . while a first reading gives valuable insights , the book 's true value becomes evident when the photographer uses the workflow on his or her own images , and practices to become proficient . the proof , as they say , is in the print
i received my first copy of this cute album as a gift when i had my first baby . i had so much fun putting it together that i tracked it down for my second and now for my third . telling the story from baby 's point of view is fun and gets mom thinking about how baby would really feel about all the firsts in his/her life . it is an easy album for moms and dads who want to record all the important events that the first year brings , but who have n't joined the scrapbooking craze quite yet . i love this album and plan to have one for each child
well , the name of this set does say it all . fashion ! that 's the theme of this mix & match stationery set . i liked it a bit more than some of the other mix & match stationery sets out there . the paper quality is a teensy bit better with this set as the paper is slightly thicker . the illustrations are very colorful and pretty , it has drawings and he complements each with colors such as bright blue and fuchsia . the drawings are all bold and enjoyable ranging from a pattern of high-heeled shoes or little kisses to a close-up of a very warhol-esque face . at the top of each sheet , there are little quotes of andy 's relating to fashion . very cool for maintaining the overall theme , i think . the different colored-envelopes each have a flap that more or less complements one of the particular sheet designs but of course , as the name suggests , it 's all open to a little mix&match . finally , there are quite a lot of stickers to decorate your mail as your will dictates . they 're very pretty too including purses , mannequins , kisses , and oh , they 're the clear kind so they look a little bit more distinguished . all in all , a very good way to spruce up your everyday mail . get it especially if you 're a fan of andy warhol or a die-hard fashionista
my sister , whom moved out and had never cooked a thing in her life , really enjoyed the benefits from this book ! the moment she saw it on my shelf , she snatched it up and took it home and i have n't seen it since . i hear she 's cooking some great meals and hope she 'll invite me over for dinner sometime soon ! ;
this book has adrenaline written all over it ! michael crighton did an excellent job of keeping readers on their seats . i was blown away . not only did his novel have adrenaline , but it also had horror , which kept you waiting for your hand to turn the next page
lost world knopf inc. , 1995 , hardback 393 pp. , $ 18.87 michael crichton isbn 0-679-41946-2  what would you do if you were trapped on an island stuck with prehistoric dinosaurs that are ready to tear you to shreds ? a group of scientists are stuck on an island are about to be torn to shreds . ian malcom and his three partners have gone to an island called isla sorna believing there are dinosaurs that are still on the island since the prehistoric time . when they get to the island they figure out that the dinosaurs are not from the prehistoric time but from a cloning company called ingen that cloned dinosaurs in crichton 's previous novel . lost world is a grabbing novel and will keep you reading for hours on end . crichton gives great descriptions of characters , places , and objects that will keep guessing if he was really on the island . it makes you feel like you are a part of the story on the island or off . crichton has made novels that continue this novel and start this novel . jurassic park was crichton 's novel before this and jurassic park iii is the novel that continues this novel . lost world is exciting , adventurous , grabbing , and will always be a great novel . i would recommend this novel to anyone who likes adventures and anyone who likes to feel like you 're in the story . lost world is the best novel i have read and will be for quite a while . andy pop
i liked this prep guide because it 's not one of those huge books that 's impossible to fit in your carry-on or laptop bag if you 're traveling . it has enough information to pass the test , which is good enough for me because that 's all i needed to pass the test this month . but , if you 're one of those people who has a need to get every single question right , this is not the book for you . the book does n't cover every single thing you need to know for the exam , just enough to pass it . the only draw back to this book is that it does n't come with a cd with a comprehensive set of sample test questions . i had to go to one of those huge books that i bought a couple of years ago for that , but i did n't read the huge book
this is a retitled re-issue of _invisible republic_ . for its content , then , it clearly deserves a 5-star rating ( at least from here ) . however , you ought to know what you will be getting if you already have that classic
verla kay has done it again ! she 's created a brilliant rhyming picture book that works great in the classroom and is also a delightful choice for a bedtime story . covered wagons , bumpy trails is the vivid , touching , enjoyable story of a pioneer family moving west . readers will fall in love with &quot ; mother , father and baby john&quot ; as they journey in search of a new home . their struggles and triumphs come alive in sparse &quot ; cryptic rhyme&quot ; verse , such as : &quot ; plunging , slipping , stuck in snow . frozen wheels , &quot ; oxen , whoa ! &quot ; and the art by s. d. schindler is fabulous with colorful kid-appeal . this is a wonderful book that you wo n't want to miss ! when you reach the final page , you 'll smile at the absolute perfect ending
i liked the book except the ending,i do not think she should have taken sam back,he did not stand by her when she needed her most instead he went after another woman,the things he said and did to alex were unforgivable,sorry does n't cut it .
i wish i had put some kind of protection on my transits by hand . i did not buy the hardback and usage of the paperback over the years by me and my daughter has managed to deteriorate the 2 or 3 copies i 've had to reorder ! i always read other books about transiting planets and their influence , but for the final touch i always resort to the master himself , robert hand . i was lucky enough to hear a few of his tapes and he is absolutely fascinating to listen to ; has a delightful sense of humor ( sagittarius influence ) , is a supreme story-teller , which makes it impossible not to learn as you listen . a lot of hard work must have gone into this work . if anyone is to break the barriers between astrology and scientific worlds , hand would be the one to lead the onslaught ! no astrologer or anyone learning astrology could do without this book
talk about a warm , fuzzy , heart touching book , this is it . authors allen & linda anderson have touched on the very core of the existence of our beloved pet , the dog . taking accounts from numerous people they share with us stories of courage , love,loyalty , sacrifice and more that our four legged friends have bestowed on humans . after each story we have a short meditation that enhances the read . i am a dog lover so for me this just re-enforced their need in our world and helped me appreciate them more . are they indeed sent from our maker as messengers of love ? i believe that may well be true . if you love dogs , or even if you just want to understand their unique service to man ; this book is for you.written in a tender , honest , interesting and absorbing way ; you will find it difficult to put this book down . i recommend " angel dogs " highly . absolutely amazing insight !
citizen explores just what freedom really is as it follows a young man , thorby , as he matures from boy to man . starting as a slave sold to a most unusual beggar , baslim , we see the first aspect that many equate with the absolute opposite of freedom , though we see that in fact 'slaves ' sometimes have more freedom of choice than 'free men' . the society he paints here is vivid and believable ( though the economics of slavery in a star-travelling culture has always seemed a little dubious to me ) . baslim is far more than he appears to be , and puts thorby through a rigorous education , both academic and practical . how do you become a really good beggar ? here heinlein falls in with ayn rand - whatever you do , do it to the best of your ability , from begging to juggling . also there are several comments included here about the integrity of the self - lies to others and misleading yourself both come in for some dictums . these are items that may pass over young readers ' heads , but perhaps planting seeds that all assumptions should be examined , nothing should be accepted on 'faith ' , that personal integrity is more important than 'success ' , that consequences of actions should be examined carefully before committing to that action . later , baslim calls in some favors and sends thorby to live with the free traders , a group of space merchants that keep to themselves with their own unique culture . here thorby discovers another aspect of freedom : a person 's ability to do as he wishes is severely constrained by the culture in which he lives . the free trader society ( which owes much to margaret mead 's seminal ideas , and highlighted by an anthropologist character named margaret mader - heinlein was not usually so obvious with his names ) of rigid matriarchal domination and separation into moieties provides security , peace of mind , and the ability through rigid rules of formalism to allow a small group of people to live together for extended periods without breaking any heads , but has as its downside great limitations on freedom of choice . this section of the book may be the best part , as the society is so different from today 's american culture that it becomes fascinating in its own right , apart from its effects on thorby . thorby himself grows and changes significantly in this part of the book , from first love to determining just how he must balance the demands of duty and personal desires . the last section deals with thorby back on earth , within a society not much different from our own , and shows a third aspect of freedom : the internal courageousness to make your own decisions and act upon them . freedom is just as constrained by internal timidity and/or defining decisions as by external forces . as this last section offers little in terms of new or different views of society ( though it is a good mirror of some of the flaws of a capitalistic/lawyer dominated one ) , it is n't as engrossing as the first two sections , but is highly important in terms of completing heinlein 's thematic investigation of all aspects of freedom . characterization other than thorby and baslim is pretty thin , especially for the females that appear in supporting roles . this was fairly typical for his juveniles , as they were basically strong adventure novels with their primary focus on their central character . but the thematic line on slavery/freedom is much stronger here than most of his messages in other books , and as this particular position is also stated in some of those other works ( most especially farnham 's freehold ) , has to be seen as one of heinlein 's personal beliefs ( unlike some other positions he proposes in his books that seem mainly designed to stir up debate ) . this book is not heinlein 's absolute best , nor even the best of his so-called 'juveniles ' ( which are typically better reading than most 'adult ' mainstream bestsellers ) , but still provides an engrossing , fun , and illuminating read . recommended for all readers willing to look at life styles different from their own . --- reviewed by patrick shepherd ( hyperpat )
written all the way back in the mid-1980s , long before all the heated rhetoric about illegal immigration going on in the us today , this book has turned out to be amazingly prescient . i feel like i would have had a much better understanding of this subject ( not to mention appreciation of the people involved ) had i discovered it a long time ago , but i suppose late is better than never . ted conover did what i do n't imagine very many other americans would have the courage to do : cross illegally from mexico into the us with mexicans doing the same thing . in doing so , he gives readers incredible insight into what compels some mexicans to make that journey ( i.e what life is like where they come from ) , what the journey is like , and what awaits them on this side of the border . i found myself exceedingly grateful for having been born american and simply in awe of the mexicans who live such vastly disparate lives from their privileged neighbors to the north . conover simply relates his experiences to readers without the kind of ideological commentary or other editorializing that can get in the way of the facts surrounding the contentious issues involved . coyotes is a well-written , touching , informative , and inspiring book that should be required reading for all americans before they open their mouths about illegal immigration
i checked this book out of our local library when i was teaching a unit on " oceans " to my preschool class . the children listened closely as the suspense built in this story and the surprise ending was wonderful . the children understood the food chain concept and have asked me several times to " read it again ! " it has also triggered a renewed interest in the children for using their own imaginations to create stories of their own creation . i am ordering a copy for our own personal library . this one is a keeper
what books you would grab as you ran out of a burning house ? remember that old parlor game ? this is one on my list . my copy is stained and spine-cracked and i could not live without it . it 's the standard by which all cookbooks should be measured
if you want to take your pictures to the next level this is the book for you . fantastic and easy to follow .. for the advanced amateur and pro
you will either kill them or become a video on arabic television ! hows that for modern desensitization
many people remember the battle of midway as the turning point of the war in the pacific due to the sinking of four japanese aircraft carriers , and rightly so . but would the american success at midway been possible without the heroic actions of their torpedo squadrons ? probably not . in this eye-opening account of the battle , author alvin kernan sheds much new light on these intrepid airmen who , flying obsoloete aircraft and using defective torpedoes , cleared the way for the sbd dauntlesses to deliver the crushing blows on the japanese carriers . after sighting the enemy carriers , the three american flattops began launching their torpedo bombers , dive bombers , and fighters in the hopes of making a coordinated attack on the japanese fleet . however , while en route to the target , almost all of the squadrons became separated and the uss hornet 's contingent of fighters and dive bombers never even made it to the japanese fleet . its aircraft either returned to the carrier or ditched in the sea . meanwhile , ,the planes from uss yorktown and uss enterprise were not able to coordinate their attacks . thus , the torpedo planes attacked without fighter protection . these planes were thrown into a virtual meat grinder of anti aircraft fire and pursuit from japanese fighters . out of a compliment of 51 planes , 44 were shot down . one man , ensign george gay , survived from torpedo squadron 8 . not a single american torpedo hit the japanese fleet . however , this sacrifice was not in vain , for a few minutes later , the sbds found the japanese and in the span of a few minutes sent three japanese carriers to the bottom . the fourth followed later in the day . the author brings up some interesting points in the book . for example , he mentions the confusing flight plan of the hornet 's commander ring , who , for some reason , chose to fly a course which would take him well north of the japanese fleet . he then failed to write an after action report upon returning to the hornet . the author also describes the inferiority of the american aircraft , specifically , there extremely limited range which , in the end , caused the american fighters to turn back . also , the fighters that did make it to the japanese fleet never flew down to help out the lumbering devastators . in all intents and purposes , the sbds happened to end up in the right place at precisely the right time . if they had not , the battle could have turned out much differently . this is a fascinating book . i 've read several books about the battle of midway , but none have went into the depth of exploring the destruction of the torpedo planes as this one does . the writer , a former member of the enterprise 's air group , describes the battle as only a true eyewitness could . he raises some alarming quetions which i had never thought about before reading this book . although the book itself is somewhat short , it does a masterful job of covering the plight of the torpedo planes . i highly recommend this fine book . if you 've read anything previously about the battle of midway , you must read this book . it sheds some new light on the heroic sacrifice of the american torpedo squadrons and how their actions paved the way for the american victory
stimulating , compelling primer on the fallacies of naturalistic evolution . in a philosophical wrestling match , phillip johnson bends richard dawkins into a pretzel and pins his shoulders to the mat in three seconds or less . macroevolutionary darwinism is living on borrowed time . within 50 years it will join the ranks of geocentric universe theories , phlogistons , and phrenologies . a lot of guys with letters after their names are going to have to look for new work , or else be honest enough to convert from their naturalistic religion to a real form of science , that pursues truth no matter where it leads
this is an integral desk reference for the reproductive health educator . this text outlines all that there is to know to date about contraceptive methods and their function . i do n't inted to part with this until the 19th edition is released .
part geology , part biography , part history of scotland , this excellent book is a tribute to james hutton , the originator of modern geology . starting with the status of geology in the eighteenth century and the use of the bible as the basis for estimating the age of the earth , the author weaves the intriguing story of james hutton and how he came about discovering signs of the earth 's true antiquity . the political situation in eighteenth century scotland is well described and illustrates the times in which hutton lived . but the book goes further in that the evolution of geology after hutton 's death is also discussed , ending with modern estimates of the age of the earth and a brief description of the methods used to produce them . this is a very well-written and exciting book that should appeal to a wide audience
the challenge/solution style of these books are great for security beginners as well as seasoned professionals . if you read carefully you can pick up many hints/tools which you can use in real life security scenarios . my only -ve comment about this book is its getting out of date now . many of the incidents described are not relevant now , as security practices at most firms would thrawt these incidents . having said that , the scenarios are still good for security beginners . for advanced readers i would suggest the second edition or the soon to be released third edition
i have looked high and low through countless new age books and voyagers was the first book that really fofilled my sense of longing . after every other book i had read , i found myself still searching , but after voyagers , i no longer needed to search . that is not to say that everything you ever needed to know can be found in this book , it is more of an introduction to a larger body of work where you can find information on everything you wanted to know , and then some . if you are genuinely looking for answers , then do n't take my word for it , or any one else 's for that matter... just read it for yourself and decide for yourself if it is right for you .
i purchased this book to find out about the publishing industry and more effectively market my book . without mr. kremer 's book i would have been clueless , however now i am well informed and continue to sell my book . it has been picked up for a second edition by another publisher , which was my main goal . ( i self published as a quick way to get review copies out to the public and get the book rolling ) i knew the world needed my book and i needed it releasedquick . mission accomplished . i keep 001 ways close to my side and continuously consult it as i continue my publishing journey . highly recommended to anyone who wants to sell books and be successful and effective in the process
this book is execellent in explaining about fear and how to conquer it . my f0ur children loved it
we got this book out from our library recently and within a week i had ordered a copy for us . my nearly 2 year old demands poems from it all the time ( as only 2 year olds can demand ! ! ) and her older brothers have also enjoyed them . the book has so many poems that struck a chord with us ; just one small example : with recent cold weather i ended up sharing dragon smoke ( about day being so cold you can see your own breath ) with my oldest son 's class at school . i have also suggested that our local pre-school buys a copy for the adult library so that the poems can be shared with the children when relevant themes / moments arise . the pictures are perfect for the poems creating a completely wonderful package . it is just an absolutely superb book and one i will be buying as a present for many other families . i think in a way the title is a bit of a pity , ( although completly reasonable ) , as these poems will last a lot longer than just for the " very young "
flip the switch is an excellent book . i 'm 29 and tired of being overweight . i bought this book months ago . i read half of it , then moved from seattle to valdez , alaska . all the while i was moving , i could not stop thinking about this book . as soon as my shipment arrived , i found the book asap and finished it . i have seen that some complain about the resistance products he promotes in his books . i look at it this way : spend a ton of money on a gym membership or spend around $ 10.00 for a resistance rope - plus - you get to do this in the privacy of your home . this is a great idea , especially for women that have children , a job and the home to contend with . jim karas was overweight for several years . he can relate to me . he revels on the fact that resistance training is the way to go and thank goodness because i simply can not handle cardio workouts due to a bad back . the running and " stepping " in cardio is too much for me . this is a great book for anyone but women will especially appreciate the convenience
this collection of shorts narrating the lives of the inhabitants of 44 scotland street - a edinburgh neighborhood , full of quirky characters , both lovable and unlovable - is quaint and entertaining , striking a cord of truth in the mind and heart , like many of smith 's stories . a great addition to those previously delighted with smith - for new readers i recommend the no . # 1 ladies ' detective agency
oh , spike in san antonio . it 's so hard to believe that sexism exists , is n't it ? i 'm not sure where your numbers come from , as your logic seems tenuous , at best , but according to that left-wing , liberal think tank known as the us census bureau , rowe-finkbeiner is right . and it 's getting worse . the census bureau reported in august , based on the current population survey , that women 's real median earnings fell by $ 171 , or 0.6 percent , from 2002 to 2003 , while men 's increased by $ 336 , or 0.8 percent . ( the increase for men was not statistically significant , but the decrease for women was . ) the gender wage ratio thus fell to 75.5 , compared with 76.6 in 2002 . in addition , a u.s. government accountability office ( gao ) report released in october of 2003 , controlling for changes in education and work experience over time , concludes that womens earnings have remained stagnant , relative to men 's , for an even longer period--17 years--with a gap that can not be explained by measurable differences in education and experience . if you actually read the f-word , you might find cited cases like this : although women make up nearly 3/4 of wal-mart 's workforce , men hold 90 % of management positions--despite female employee 's receiving better performance evaluations overall--and female employees are paid lower wages than male employees for the same jobs . none of this is disputed by the corporation . why ? according to wal-mart , because men are there for a career , while women are working for pocket money . i wish i could say your attitude was merely naive--but the truth is it 's far more dangerous and insidious . thanks to rowe-finbeiner for telling it how it really is .
having read most of grisham 's books , i 've saved a few of his " best " for last . while it was n't a 5 star book like i 'd hoped , it certainly was one of his better books with a lot of detail and of course the plot was an interesting one . having saw the movie years ago , i had a good idea of what the book was about : two supreme court justices are killed , a law school student , along with many other people become curious and try to figure out " who dun it " ...only , she writes a brief and hits the nail on the head , and when the wrong people find out , she 's on the run for her life ! i enjoyed the book mostly because it was fast-paced , and had a lot of detail . so much detail and characters , i had a bit of a struggle to keep up ! of course it was suspenseful and the characters , especially of darby , the law school student and the reporter who starts to help her uncover the truth . good read
kenneth pollack first gives his readers an excellent introduction to the remarkable history of iran from the rise of the persian empire to the reign of the pahlavis ( pp . 3-100 ) . pollack shows clearly how nationalist and xenophobic iran got wary of meddling foreigners , starting with the hated russians and brits , in its domestic affairs ( pp . 4 , 41 ) . many iranians have angry psychological scars , believing that foreigners are the source of all their problems for partially understandable reasons ( pp . 26 , 71 , 89 , 99 , 125 , 128 , 155-56 , 161 , 173-74 , 242 , 297 , 389 ) . pollack focuses the bulk of his book on a balanced account of the troubled american-iranian relations in the last 50 + years . the u.s. started building its " satanic " reputation after the cia played a key role in helping the brits get rid of iran 's popular prime minister mohammad mosaddeq in 1953 ( pp . 57-67 ) . mosaddeq 's " crime " was the " illegal " nationalization of the iranian oil industry under control of the rapacious brits ( pp . 52-56 ) . the u.s. did not improve its reputation among most iranians by supporting the dictatorial shah who largely mismanaged the modernization of iran until his overthrow in 1979 ( pp . xxv , 72-140 ) . pollack convincingly demonstrates that the truman administration and its successors usually did not exercise enough pressure on the shah to democratize and liberalize iran when they had the opportunity to do it ( pp . 49 , 76-77 , 81 , 89-90 , 104 , 121-24 , 136-40 ) . the shah , who was ironically considered sold out to the west , became less and less amenable to the " omniscient " u.s. , beginning in the mid-1960s ( pp . 39 , 50 , 84 , 94 , 99-100 , 107 , 120-27 , 158 , 173 ) . after the revolution of 1979 , the u.s. mostly supported saddam hussein during the iran-iraq war and funded different destabilization operations to contain and try to overthrow the islamic republic ( pp . 206-16 , 259-65 , 273-76 , 386 ) . the u.s. apologized in 2000 for some past misdeeds in an unsuccessful attempt to improve its relations with teheran under the presidency of the moderate but ultimately ineffective mohammad kathami , who was under relentless pressure from the hard-liners ( pp . xxv , 303-42 ) . pollack blames with equal conviction the iranians for the awful relations existing between both countries . iran has built its reputation of international pariah due to the illegal seizure of the u.s. embassy staff in 1979 , its lack of democratic credentials , its support of terrorism around the world , its opposition to the middle east peace process , and its pursuit of ( nuclear ) wmds ( pp . xxi , 141-80 , 182 , 198-201 , 237-40 , 248 , 256-59 , 266-67 , 277 , 345 , 379-82 ) . pollack also explains to its readers that many iranians have a poor understanding of the u.s. ( pp . 50 , 180 , 309 ) . pollack does not hesitate to show repeatedly that greed has not stopped the international community , including the u.s. at times , from doing business with iran in the last 25 + years ( pp . 164-65 , 262-65 , 271-72 , 286-89 ) . iran is trying without much success to emulate china by crushing internal dissent and favoring economic development ( pp . xxiv , 250 , 369-73 , 390-91 ) . the u.s. will be of no help in this endeavor as long as iran stubbornly clings to its pursuit of acquiring nuclear military expertise on top of other objectionable actions ( pp . 273 , 312 , 324 , 351 ) . pollack tries to crack the iranian enigma by rightly ruling out an invasion of iran due to its size , population , and topography ( pp . xxiii , 383-86 ) . pollack ultimately pleads for a three-pronged strategy that rests on an unconvincing mix of carrots and sticks ( pp . 375-424 ) . the u.s.-led international community seems to believe that iran will " submit " to the " diktats " of foreigners in the nuclear crisis without undermining again the " legitimacy " of the hard-liners ( pp . xxv-xxvi , 157 , 251 , 352 , 365 , 395-400 ) . hard-liners have not forgotten the humiliation of 1988 ( pp . 227-33 ) . nuclear wmds would shield iran from further " humiliating " foreign interference ( pp . 259 , 361-69 ) . the shi'i hard-liners , inspired by ayatollah ruhollah khomeini and co , relish martyrdom and heavy sacrifices ( pp . 157 , 177-79 , 222-23 , 302 ) . like most of his predecessors , president mahmoud ahmadinejad is seeking confrontation with the international community as a way of diverting iranians ' attention from their problems for which ideology is a poor solution ( pp . 158 , 238 , 243 , 293-96 , 348 , 369-74 ) . iranian hard-liners can find plenty of inspiration in the playbooks of adolf hitler and co . the u.s. will discover again at its own expense that key countries will balk at acting responsibly after iran predictably fails to comply with the legitimate demands of the society of nations ( pp . 165 , 262 ) . iranian hard-liners consider weakness a defensive and reactive policy towards their offensive agenda ( pp . 218 , 234-35 , 266 , 300 ) . nothing meaningful will happen until the implementation of very comprehensive economic / financial sanctions and the credible threat of massive strategic bombardments against the nuclear and revolutionary power infrastructure across iran ( pp . 299 , 301 , 392-95 ) . iran has not been impressed with half-baked carrots like the critical dialogue and , with " mini-me " sticks such as dual containment and a few cruise missiles ( pp . 265 , 273-76 , 283-84 , 291 , 337-38 , 344 , 391 ) . there will be no free lunch ( p. 385 ) . stepped-up war against ( state-sponsored ) terrorism will require a series of " patriotic " sacrifices to mitigate the inevitable , short-term sharp increase in energy prices . furthermore , there will be a new spike in terrorist operations as a " payback " for muscular action against iran ( pp . 253 , 345-49 , 354-58 , 373 , 392 ) . if iran is not stopped before it acquires nuclear wmds , it will indulge with a vengeance its own regional hegemonic aspirations not only in the persian gulf , but also in central asia ( pp . 253-56 ) . energy prices will not go down in this scenario . furthermore , iranian hard-liners could consider southern russia and chinese xinjiang fair game for their revolutionary agenda due to the sub-optimal treatment of many muslim minorities in these areas ( pp . 198-205 ) . their military nuclear program is not purely defensive . whoever ignores the past , will pay a heavy price down the road .
i consider myself knowledgeable about history , especially ww2 . after reading just half of " flags of our fathers ' " i realize how much i 'did n't ' know about this part of the war . most of my research was of the european theatre . i am so glad i purchased this book . it makes me feel so humble as to my own time spent in uniform for i never had to endure or sacrifice what these young men did . anyone thinking of not voting should read this and be sure to vote for these young men gave everything so that we could have that right . even more they went through hell before they did it . do yourself a favor and get this book . richard neal huffman - author of dreams in blue : the real polic
my daughter loves this book . she reads me poems and stories from this book all the time . i think all teenagers should purchase this book .
" lords of the earth " is the term the yali warriors use to describe themselves . they live in the heluk valley in irian jaya , and the only knowledge of them to reach the outside world are the dark rumors of the cannibals beyond the mountains . the first section of the book is about them , their customs , and the awful fear and darkness they lived in . don richardson does a great job portraying a people bound by chains of sin , and longing for release . the horror of their pain is graphic , and not suitable to be read to younger children . the second part of the book describes the early life of stan dale , his conversion , and his burden for those in darkness . he is drawn as a determined man , physically strong and fit , with firm convictions . the book goes on to tell of stan 's coming to the yali people . how a strange story begins over his identity , protecting his life . how the first few yali christians were killed , and later stan and a fellow missionary were brutally murdered . how another missionary family died in a plane crash , except for the nine-year-old son , whose friendship with the yali paves the way for them to turn to christ . the book reminded me christ 's words in john 12 : 24 , " verily , verily , i say unto you , except a corn of wheat fall into the ground and die , it abideth alone : but if it die , it bringeth forth much fruit . " on earth , stan dale never saw the fruit his life and death brought forth , but he will rejoice in heaven with the yali that are there through his witness .
reading war and peace is an immense undertaking , which has less to do with page numbers and more to do with addressing some very fundamental questions about what it means to be human . the first time that i read it , i read it as a novel , for entertainment . years later , i picked it up again but this time my task was more ambitious . i sought to know how tolstoy could justify the ways of god to man . during this second reading , i was able to examine the russian names , characters , events , and historical occurrences which occupied me the first time through . what i saw was that each of the hundreds of individuals was very much linked to the concluding epilog , which i scanted then but studied now . most readers of war and peace find this part heavy going , which it certainly is , but in it , tolstoy creates a key for unlocking the reasons who we are and why we do things the way we do . in essence , each human being is like an atom of gas floating in space , with one atom colliding at random with another , but when a sufficient number act in concert , such as napoleon 's invasion of russia , their force is irresistable . when tolstoy introduces world leaders like napoleon or the tsar , he does so in such a way as to depict them as no more than one more free floating atom , who can not see the big picture any more clearly than anyone else can . the tragic decisions of these misguided leaders are based on a collective illusion that they and they alone can use divinely inspired reason to affect lasting change . but when human beings act as if they acknowledge that their powers of reason are both limited and self-deluding--as when general kutuzov relies on looking inward toward instinct rather than outward toward other circling and equally misguided atoms , then they are drawing closer to a universal " one " with nature . this " one " tolstoy invests with religious overtones as synonymous with god . tolstoy does not say that human beings are preprogrammed robots held in thrall by that " one " or any other deity , but he does say that history , time , and man are all part of a universal flow that swoops along all in its path , and that if any intelligent atom wishes to know which way the flow is likely to go , then he might wish to emulate general kutuzov , who at least knows that humbleness in the face of chaos is the first step in finding a rational basis for who we are and where we are going .
add this reviewer to the list of people who hold paradise lost up to the lofty title of the greatest epic poem in the english language ; it is not only this , but one of the best in any language . writing unabashedly in the tradition of unrhymed homeric epic verse , mitlon was working well within what was earlier purveyed by homer , virgil , and dante -- but he brings his own distinctive touch and flair to the work . the opening lines of the long poem are clearly inspired by homer , as are other elements , but milton has a very unique poetic style ; long sentences , often with the principle verb at the end , being one of its mainstays . this language is very grandiose and quite complex ; it takes a while to get used to it -- you will have to pay very close attention during the first book -- but , as with most classical literature , once the reader gets the hang of it , it goes quite smoothly . the divine comedy of dante has a more towring reputation than does milton 's paradise lost -- for one thing , it is older -- but i among those who find milton to be superior . the divine comedy is , certainly , an undisputed masterpiece , but , where it was , more or less , a satire and a thinly-veiled attack on many of dante 's political enemies , milton 's work deals with much more complex and profound subject matter : why mankind fell , how the gods themselves operate and think , the nature and attractiveness of evil and sin , the importance of love in human relationships , the moral problems of god 's justice . it is true that dante 's work is more original ; paradise lost and paradise regained , at least in seed , come straight from the bible . but milton only uses these stories as a springboard for the exploration of the latent moral and ethical problems lurking beneath . milton explores these problems with a refreshingly fresh perspective -- strictly within the christian tradition , to be sure , but far from fundamentalist , and even quite radical for its day . although some cite the work as christian apologist , there are certainly many elements within the poem that many of the more hard-line christians would be taken aback by ; it was , of course , even more controversial in its day . one thing about the work that often gets pointed out is that satan is a far more interesting and appealing character than god . this , in my view , does not have milton unwittingly on the devil 's side , as some critics have suggested . rather , he is pointing out how appealing sin is always is : of course it 's interesting , of course it 's appealing -- otherwise , we would n't keep falling for it again and again and again . if we saw its razor-sharp fangs and [ dripping ] mouth , we would have stopped getting ensnared in its trap long ago . however , as a non-christian myself , i can not but disagree with some points of milton 's theodicy ; the last two books , in particular , and paradise regained as a whole , were , for me , quite hard to swallow . i found the more human elements of the poem to be its most intriguing . milton paints adam and eve as quintissentially human characters who possess many of the same feelings that we all share : joy , happiness , fear , sadness , depression , and , most of all , the overriding paramount importance of love . the act of adam , who was not himself [ evil ] , eating of the apple so that he could follow eve , no matter what doom was to befall her and them , out of love for her , is still one of the most touching moments in all of literature -- as mark twain , in the voice of adam , later said , " wheresoever eve was there , there was eden . " god , satan , and the various angels are also endowed with human characteristics ; most christians today seem to have forgotten that god created man " in his own image " , and that he is not a perfect creature . likewise , satan is not entirely evil -- certainly he is ambitious and narcissistic , but so are many humans -- indeed , many have seen him as the hero of the poem ( an errorenous view , as i see it . ) god often comes off as extremely cold and hardly forgiving or merciful ; indeed , to many readers , myself included , this poem does n't come anywhere near its stated goal of justifying the ways of gods to men , but only reinforces the views we already had ( mark twain , whom i have previously mentioned , has a very different view of the situation , closer to my own perspective , that is worth seeking out . ) whatever one 's objections to the theology and theodicy expressed within the poem , the poem remains a great work of literature -- poetic , grandiose , profound , extremely readable , and thought-provoking . the shorter sequel , paradise regained , is also included in this edition . this work , in my view , comes nowhere near the glory of it 's predecessor , but it is still a good read and it is very handy to have it included in this volume as well . for that reason , i highly reccommend picking up this particular edition of the works ; also because the introduction , written by dr. susanne woods , is very good , and it has notes provided by the wonderful christoper ricks , who also edited the poem for this version . unlike many editors , he does not include so many notes that they become cumbersome and distract from the text : they are genuinely helpful and there are not too many of them . this is an absolute classic not only of english literature , but of world literature , and a monument in the tradition of epic poetry that you owe it to yourself to read
for someone totally unfamiliar with authorware , i thought this book rather confusing . i typically learn best by playing with software and using the manual to construct my own exercises . however , i knew authorware was pretty complex so i thought this book would help . well , it did help a little but overall i became quite frustrated with following the book 's exercises . as i use authorware i imagine i 'll keep this book on my desk as a reference tool . but until then , i 'll content myself with playing on my own
patton describes qualitative research design and data collection methods in a way that even the novice researcher can easily understand and utilize .
i bought this cookbook due to the introductory price i received and have loved every recipe i have tried . many of the recipies are heart healthy and i have found those to be tasty and easy to prepare . good luck and good cooking
harvey is a totally spoiled boy . it starts when harvey is on a ship with his mother ( i forget where they are going ) he is washed overboard , and saved by a fisherman ` manuel . ' on the fishing boat harvey makes his first friend , learns to work for his keep and so on . the story worked , it was n't cheesy , maybe because it was one of the first novels of that type , but the plot of harvey " growing up " seemed just to be there so you will read the book . the characters were well developed except the cook , you never really figure out where he is coming from . most of the book was about fishing of the grand banks , very interesting is you like fishing and ships , but if you are reading it for the story , there is not that much , the ending was also weak , we are happy the harvey is reconciled , but i really think that his parents would make a bigger stink . good historical value , kipling is a very enjoyable writer , yes i liked it but the plot had some flaws . i do recommend it though .
i loaned my copy of dr. streicher 's book to my mother who thought she may need a hysterectomy . my mother reported that dr. streicher 's book had information on topics she could n't find elsewhere -- even about laparoscopic procedures which she had n't heard about before . dr. streicher 's book helped educate my mother so that she was an informed patient and knew what questions to ask her own doctor . fortunately , it was determined that my mother did not need to have a hyesterectomy . my only problem with this book is getting my copy back from my mother . i may need to purchase a new one . i think it is a " must-have " for any woman 40 + -- even for men whose partners/spouses/girlfriends are facing this
i was forced to read this book for my graduate studies and i found it surprisingly helpful . by filling out a basic personality inventory , this book will tell you what &quot ; style&quot ; of worker you are and then how to deal with people of other &quot ; styles.&quot ; i see this book being a hit with sales people who have to interact with many other people everyday . but i can also see how this book could provide a foundation for learning how to work with other people in any environment . if you are willing to make slight modifications to your personal behavior , this book gives you the skills to build great relationships . i agree , however , with the previous reviewer 's comments that this book does not go very deep , thus only 4 stars . do not expect to change your boss into a nice guy just by reading this , but you can make your day-to-day dealings with him more enjoyable using these tactics . ( this is also an easy read.. . took me 2 days !
this book was a gift given to me by a friend years ago . i own and have read about twelve books on the topic . out of all of them , this has been by far the best . by the end it feels like a journey inside yourself has taken place and you arrive to a new destination on your insides . the feel of the book is one of love and support . not the self-centered type , or author as guru type that i have read in other books--this one has the experience of two professional therapists that shows itself in each chapter . it made a large difference in my struggle with an eating disorder that started at age 10 . i am now 44 .
classic book is great in dribble-proof format with good reproductions of the original illustrations . lots of squirming and hugging while reading this one
tapscott and ticoll have written another very detailed , practical and profound book about business that shows their knack for zeroing in on the heart of a momentous change that is stirring in the world and explaining it all clearly and completely . at the heart of the naked corporation is the notion that shareholders and other stakeholders are empowered by technology to know more and more about organizations faster and faster , which in turn greatly emboldens them to take action based on their new knowledge . in other words , perhaps the old adage " there 's one born every minute " needs updating . they 're still being born , but hopefully now only a few per hour ? corporations " getting naked " ca n't be good news for marketing departments . their job can no longer be about creating a nice rosy image ; companies and products must be the image - for real . yikes...david brett , founder , knexa
i read this book , loved it , and now want to make a movie of it . there is a local town that has a college , churches , and the overall atmosphere of the town . i felt like i was reading about it while i was going through the book .
i bought this book to learn some simple things to fold in a kindergarten i used to work in , and it was an instant success ! i was sat at the table for hours folding frogs and boats to the kids , and they seemed to really enjoy the creations ! this is a great book for parents and pre-school teachers , and it is a great way to learn a little bit about geometry too . some of the models are difficult to understand , but folding is about taking your time . a great way of finding a corner of peace in our rush-hour lifestyle
whitman is not the world 's greatest poet - that 's probably shakespeare - but he 's certainly been the most influential american poetic voice over the past century . he was the first poet to take all of american life as his subject . ever the romantic , whitman was also the first poet to bring romanticism into line with everyday reality . his narcissism can be annoying , but his panoramic descriptions of life and the imagination have a singularly cumulative power . some of his short poems ( " a noiseless patient spider " and " to a locomotive in winter " ) are individually memorable . the longer poem " when lilacs last in the dooryard bloomed , " indirectly about the lincoln assassination , is brilliant . i think most of his civil war poems are overpraised , but " come up from the fields , father " is a masterpiece of its kind . on the negative side , whitman 's transcendental philosophy , which he likes to indulge at length , will strike many readers as very sappy . his style , lots of details piled up on top of one another , grows monotonous , and readers who criticize his lack of traditional poetic craftsmanship can not just be brushed off . my advice is to not to try to get through it all at once . the poems rarely become " difficult , " they just tend to blur one into the other . which may actually have been whitman 's intention . overall,there 's never been a book quite like " leaves of grass , " in any edition , and that 's why it keeps selling as a true classic . in other words , a very old book that people still buy and read and enjoy even when no teacher is telling them to . reading it will get you as close as one book can to actually living in nineteenth-century america , with all its follies , inequities , and promise
i have been an information systems professional for several years now and i am happy to see that there is finally a focus on data as the asset it truly is . if i could put &quot ; certified data&quot ; on the balance sheet as a separate line item , i would . i have been reading your book &quot ; improving data warehouse and business information quality&quot ; over the past several weeks and i have this ear-to-ear grin that some peers find disturbing . ( why does he get so excited about data ? ) high quality data = success
os guinness has a knack for taking difficult and complex subjects and capturing and presenting information that allows small chunks of the philosophy to be grasped and pondered deeply . this book is no exception . the fact that it is also a study guide is even more effective in delivering the message while directing the reader to several key questions to consider in each section . one of the best aspects of the book are the hundreds of quotes and essays , all around the central theme of the importance of character . while our culture often acts to create an " end justifies the means " behavioral set , never before has character been so important , or so difficult to really practice and live . the book begins with some essays from famous leaders ; from plato to george washington , winston churchill to machiavelli , and compares and contrasts what each felt about the importance of character , and how it was to be demonstrated . much of the material is pretty well known , yet the ability to so easily read and discuss different styles and approaches is well worth the effort . my favorite sections were on the " cultural erosions of character " in which the many examples of how society pushes and changes the definition and meaning in life impacts what we define as important at all . from advertising , to media , the pressure to conform is greater than ever , but in some ways has always existed . one of the best essay 's in my opinion is called the " revenge of failure " wherein henry fairlie rips the " legend of our times " , as envy at its worst . no longer content to envy what others have and we do not , we now attempt to destroy in others that which we can not achieve ourselves . this process degrades talent and is a poor attempt to " buy " our way into importance not through the achievement of something remarkable , but through the tearing down of the remarkable achievement into something attainable . thus character becomes something that is no longer " earned " . the sections on plastic surgery and other shifts into a looks based culture further erode the importance of character . in this relentless and obsessed pursuit of the elusive perfection , the hunter becomes the hunted , and always loses in the battle to fight against aging and the myth of happiness in ones physical appearance . powerful depictions of how this societal pressure has claimed far too many who sacrifice character for fleeting and shallow appearance , are depicted with a convicting clarity . overall , this is a very well done and thought provoking book . as a study guide it would be ideal for small groups , or even personal reflections . the book is so full of quotes and essays that it can be read at once , or in dozens of small bites with equal effectiveness . highly recommended .
this book brings some of the items one read about in history classes to a more 'back channel ' perspective . monroe doctrine and the like are the opening situations , and instead of 'we put a blockade on german ship ' it goes it to some of the things that happened to stop a war from breaking out
i grew up reading and rereading this book , as did all the five children in my family . it 's one of the very funniest books i know on the subject of families and their foibles . shirley jackson is so well known for her more macabre and adult writing that people are usually skeptical when i recommend this for its outstandingly intelligent humor . once you read this you must also read raising demons , which is the sequel , and every bit as good , although much harder to find
read on if you are :  - used to php programming , but not a very sophisticated programmer . - looking out to do more programming on a higher level . - ready to read through book texts three times and to read further material that is not included in the book you buy . schlossnagle 's book is not written along one red line , it covers various topics and allows jumping around quite freely . however , the topics that it covers are highly efficient in helping you advance with your programming skills . they might not quite be what you 'd expect from a php book , because actually schlossnagle covers anything that is needed to work with php on a professional level . consider this list of topics :  - write clean code - oo-design patterns - project documentation - performance tunings  this is all not really php-only stuff , but it is a great source of inspiration and furthers the understanding of programming in general very much . the latter i find is necessary for everybody who 's up to something bigger in php . the php examples in the book are - i have to admit - maybe sometimes rather scarce . one would like to see more applications of abstract problems , more examples . but is that what a book is for , to give examples ? i do n't think so . for me a book is mainly a source of great ideas from great programmers , anything else is available on the web . after having bought " advanced php programming " i purchased other books , the topics of which i would not have considered without reading schlossnagle 's work . i 'm just about to write a diploma work and the book is a great reference for anything concerning php and development projects
i learnde so much from this book ! i laughed ( yes ! ) , i cried ( not really ) , and i had the time of my life . this is a great book . i 've only been around since the late 80s so a lot of jokes were kinda way above me . but i still enjoyed it ! herman 's armpits forever ( har har
bruce schneier offers an excellent 'big picture ' overview of the computer security field . from types of attacks , to algorithm security to security in the context of your data center , you get a full overview of the current practices and consequences arising from them . the author argues for security as a process , not a product ; security is not something you can add to your product after the fact . starting from the product specification , down to your last outsourced programmer , security has to permeate your organization for it to work . building 'attack trees ' , relying on peer review and enforcing liability are all suggestions advanced by bruce schneier . secrets and lies is a well organized book with plenty of real world examples , problems and solutions . buy a copy for yourself , and many more for everybody else you know , we will all benefit in the end .
this is a very handy little book to have for your medical library . it is easy to follow , has a nice index to look up your particular problem and does n't bog the reader down with a huge history and medical jargon of accupressure . it has easy to use pictures too . i have used it already to help my annoying neck and shoulder pain ! sure beats a $ 50.00 office visit ( and most likely , a 3rd or 4th ) to your doctor :
this book is thrilling . you will learn of the first three minutes of our existence in this universe . not only do you learn of what is believed to have happened during the first three minutes , but you will also learn the exciting story of how it was discovered . the book is written at a level that can be understood by the lay person .
i have to tell you that this is better than the first ! you just fall in love with gal pal mavis in this one . ( and continue to love her and eve as the series goes on . ) the series is one of the best i 've ever read and i read a lot . not may authors can compare . hope the series continues for a long time . reviewed by rosanna filippello author of the angelo mysteries series published by justmybest inc. book one--angel of death , book two--angelo of justice ( angel of truth to be released fall of 2005 ) www.detective-angelo-mysteries.com
if you really want to know what to expect when you 're expecting , read this book and henci goer 's thinking woman 's guide to a better birth . if you 'd really like to remove yourself from the technobirth machine , read ina may gaskin 's ina may 's guide to childbirth and spiritual midwifery . if you 've always thought you might want a natural birth , read peggy o'mara 's having a baby , naturally . and remember this one thing : if you really ( really ) want a natural , unmedicated birth , do n't give birth in a hospital
for most of us , the area of thanatology is something quite new , despite the fact that death is such an intimate " companion " that can come at any moment of our lives , whether by degrees or instantaneously , irrelevant of our ethnic , social and economic backgrounds . it is a plain truth that can not be avoided , and no technological advancements can make it go away . i would personally like to consider death as the ultimate best friend who would never desert you , despite what your feelings may be . and as a child has the innocent ablity to humanize a doll or a toy soldier , the adult must equally do so with death , not shy away from it and be totally uncommunicative to what it means : the total cessation of physical life , for if one denys its existence and its inevitability , the person could not only suffer from added unnecessary physical heartache , but he or she could also augment the physical stress with mental , spiritual and religious grief as well . submission to and acceptance of the truth , no matter how difficult it would be to hear , could be the highest catharsis that medicine could not come close to healing . in elizabeth kubler-ross 's classic study of the dying process , she interviews patients of various age brackets who teach the living what dying means to them . but even though the experience is individualistic to that specific person , the process of dying has a universality to it which connects us all . hence , how do you take the sting from the wound ? in on death and dying , you remove the sting by communication and by simply being there to let the patient say what he or she has to say , to let them vent , and at their own pace , go through the classic defined stages of the dying process : denial and isolation , anger , bargaining , depression and acceptance . the patients become our teachers . we learn of their fears , their possible financial burdens , in one woman 's case , the fear of the worms , et cetera . but we also learn about what the families go through , their own anger and disbelief and guilt . it is about pacing and the opening up of repressed fear for all the people involved . sometimes there is cohesion in the shock and anger , other times not . the united states is one of the most death-denying countries out there , a fact most evident with plastic surgery on the rise and chiseled bodies to reverse the aging process , for going foward means only one thing : death . ross 's overall message is that death does not have to be and is not the horror that we all think it is , the grim reaper with the skeletal hand and the sharpened scythe . death has issues for everybody , doctors , faith-filled people , even ross heself . it is a step that we are all going to take sooner or later . but it is comforting to know that we are all in it together .
i enjoyed robert webber 's book and have enjoyed hearing him speak as well . at a recent speaking engagement he echoed my own concern over the " fate " of the church in america . so much " commodification " has happened in the church that one wonders if anyone knows what it truly means to be " ecclesia " ? although i agree with much of what he says and am part of a liturgical church ( the lutheran church-missouri synod which utilizes the church calendar and has had a strong emphasis on liturgy - - - the church body which webber received his doctorate from ) , my question is are we truly called to " change " the church in order to meet the people where they are at ? i agree with his assessments yet i question the reasonings behind doing it . do we begin to emphasize certain things to the demise of others , just because the culture would be more " prone " to come to the church ? or does the church remain faithful to its calling despite the changing tides of culture ? our self-centered culture always asks the question " what does this mean for me ? " , and this has been a active question in the church for sometime . i believe the question that we should be asking is how does god give meaning to me , or what do i mean to god ? our focus needs to be off of ourselves and onto the lord of the cosmos
i find it difficult to rate and review parenting books with such specific agendas , such as the continuum concept . i fear that alone this book would render a nervous , new mother terrified of failure ! i am wary of books that pretend there is only one way to raise every child . that said , i adore text that encourages instinctual , intuitive parenting . coupled with the dozens of other parenting guides i have read ( from all spectrums ) , the continuum concept is a very valuable book .
it is quite rare that a book appears that is this good ; but this book is so good that even men ( i am male ) can ( i.e . should ) enjoy it . a groundbreaking , unabashedly feminist ( wo ) manifesto , the vagina monologues has given voice to countless women in the past ten years , and has ushered in a new era of sexual liberation . if you are still incredulous , ask yourself how many books published hitherto so much as had the word 'vagina ' , let alone all the facts thereabout in it ? a wonderful book
for those who love historical texts , but sometimes have a hard time weeding thru the period language , overly technical jargon and miles of microfiche , this book is a real blessing . the author not only deals with the methods of tracking , chasing and boarding prey , but goes happily in-depth about the people who follow the " sweet trade " . he covers the buccaneer lifestyle on land as well as at sea , the events leading up to their rise in influence in the caribbean , and goes into clothing , food , religion , heirarchy , weapons , flags,choice of ships and cultural relationships . i picked up this book primarily to confirm or disprove my theories on individual weapons combat during boarding actions and while the techniques are not played up in any great detail,citing the use of powder and grenades over cutlass and knife , the reasonings behind what weapons were used and how unorthodox hand to hand combat could be in closed quarters are sound . overall a very enjoyable and informative book ! gareth thomas director ; historical maritime combat associatio
with the hype over the da vinci code and its related popularity , you can sometimes get the feeling that some people probably think the grand conspiracy novel started with dan brown . of course , this is not the case , as brown is merely one in a long line of such thriller writers . probably the biggest in the bunch was robert ludlum , but not to be forgotten is jon land . not quite the big name that ludlum or brown , land is nonetheless the most pure fun , with outlandish plots and tons of action . the last prophecy brings back danielle barnea , an ex-israeli cop and ben kamal , a former palestinian detective . despite the obvious conflicts caused by their different backgrounds , the two are faithful lovers and , as the novel begins , both working as investigators for the u.n . in this case , the two are called to look into a mass murder in a palestinian village . at first , it appears to be a massacre by israeli troops , but it soon enough appears to be something far more sinister , a conspiracy tied to events uncovered at the world war ii and some lost prophecies of nostradamus . the last of these prophecies provides the key to the conspiracy . land uses his standard formula for his barnea/kamal novels : the two split up for the majority of the book to separately unearth parts of the plot only to converge at the end to stop the bad guys . typically , the people who provide the information are assassinated by the villains before they can reveal all . this formula works well enough since land executes it well ( and really , brown and ludlum use a similar formula themselves ) . i wo n't say this is perfect writing , but it 's plenty good enough to merit a strong four stars . my biggest " problem " with land is that he is only writing books featuring barnea and kamal ; i miss his older novels with blaine mccracken , which were even more delightfully outlandish with their james bond-like world conquest plots . but in the absence of mccracken , this series still fits the bill for what land does best : entertain from beginning to end .
i made 4 dishes from the book for my girlfriends and all of the recipes were a huge hit . the carmelized onion and spinach dip was amazing as well as the tomato and ginger soup . i especially like the 'buy and arrange ' features which give you clever stylish ideas for easy dishes to throw together if you do n't have alot of time . no more 3 course meals for me , i 'm going all appetizers .
note to reviewers - the title of the book was a play on hillary claiming that there was a " vast right wing conspiracy " against her husband in the monica scandal - she and others stridently argued that the attacks on her husband were due to a right wing conspiracy ( right up until the stains on the little black dress ruined everything ) . this is an excellent non-polemical book that sets out the steps taken by the left to unseat bush . i watched from canada and monthly visits to the us ( business ) and the book accurately reflects what was going on ( rightly or wrongly ) at the time . it describes how a loose linkage of the media , hollywood , pop stars , moveon.org ( soros ) , academia , kerry spinmeisters and the intelligentsia on the left and right coasts self organized to bring down bush and the gop . it is a good read and ties together many of the disparate threads into a reasonably accurate picture . perhaps the book can be faulted - hence only 4 stars - because there certainly was strident activity on the right too . limbaugh , hannity and o'reilly , of course , doing their thing although not with the power of the mainstream media and hollywood behind them . for me the interesting theme he points out is the self organizing nature of the endeavour driven by an almost irrational loathing of bush . recall many hollywood gliterrati threatening to move to canada if bush was elected . i 'm editorializing here - but it does seem strange that some reviewers - notably one from the uk - use this site as a platform for gross anti-us , anti-bush remarks rather than taking the time to actually critique the book in question
devoted entirely to coming to amazon to trash conservative books ? i see the same names here i saw for kate o'bierne 's book , tony blankley 's book , michelle malkin 's books , david limbaugh 's books...you get the idea . and most of your reviews say almost the exact same thing , too . you 'd think some of you would aim for creativity , especially when you 're accusing republicans of being mindless automatons . that said , york 's research is impeccable , and anyone who paid attention to the last presidential election knows exactly how hard george soros , hollywood , et al . worked to push kerry through , from cameron diaz 's teary " if you want rape to be legal , do n't vote " lunacy on oprah to the dollars moveon.org spent demonizing the swiftboat vets . no one works harder than the left to silence dissenting opinion and hide the truth . it 's because of books like this one , conservative talk radio , and fox news that conservatives finally have a voice in this country , and the left has n't had to debate for so long , they 've forgotten how . to anyone looking for truthful , incisive commentary on how far the left has gone to demonize and destroy bush , how much time , money , and effort they 've wasted to obstruct him at every turn , regardless of whether the policy in question would benefit the country , this is an excellent book . if you 're a mind-numbed leftist automaton that opposes everything purely on unquestioning ideological grounds--well , i guess i 'll be seeing your reviews on the next conservative bestseller , wo n't i
a moving and inspiring portrait of men most people will never know about but will always be remembered by those touched by their deeds and courage in places we do n't remember much anymore . i am thankful for the sacrifice they made so i could freely write this
since so many others have outlined the general plot of this story ( huge lawsuit against a hospital ; suspicious deaths that may or may not have been committed by a doctor ) i 'll simply leave a brief comment . although the story is n't all that complicated , it was still a quick , enjoyable read--and the ending was one i did n't see coming . please be aware , though , that the 5th horseman is not an alex cross novel , which seemed to be one reviewer 's complaint . this is the story of lindsay boxer , sfpd lieutenant and her fellow women 's murder club friends . i found the story to be heartfelt and emotional , full of action-adventure , and , as i said , a very quick , satisfying read
glantz punctures both left and right in this balanced analysis of what has gone wrong in iraq . a powerful story that should be required reading for politicians and political groupies of all leanings
as a parent , child and family therapist and school counselor i have seen positive discipline concepts change the lives of parents and children alike . we are all searching for a way to raise our children that allows them to develop the long-term life skills of confidence , responsibility , contribution and the ability to solve problems . the schools that teach these skills in addition to academics have students that perform better in school and in life . using positive discipline will actually save you time in the classroom , and make your job and relationships with your students much more enjoyable .
rabbi harold s. kushner is one of the best known authors of our time , having written the classic book , when bad things happen to good people . this , his ninth book , was one of the top ten best selling religious books of the past year . as the title indicates , it is a study of psalm 23 , certainly the most beloved of all of the psalms . dr. kushner writes with a pastor 's heart and a special eye toward the healing wisdom to be found in that portion of god 's word . if you are looking for a book about putting your spiritual life into meaningful practice , you might wish to read this book . it is filled with inspiration and encouragement for an ongoing trusting relationship with god . kushner takes each phrase of the psalm as his chapter headings , and verse by verse , provides insight and practical suggestions for how to make these truths come alive each day . throughout the book , kushner utilizes his vast knowledge of the original hebrew text to help the reader understand the nuances of the words such as " soul " and " cup " . he explains the nuances of what the soul is and why the soul needs nourishing . he states , " the world asks so much of us . we give ourselves so totally to our work , to the task of raising our family and running a home that we often forget to take time to nourish our souls... " ( page 61 ) . the fact that god helps us " feel safe in an unsafe world " ( page 50 ) is the psalmist 's theme , repeated and emphasized in every line . drawing from the world of science and literature , art and great works of theology , this deceptively small book is filled with encouragement and blessing . occasionally , christians forgo reading jewish authors , forgetting that judaism is the forerunner of our own faith in jesus christ . that would be a mistake . for , here , we have a work that is sacred to both of our traditions , presented by an acclaimed author , dedicated scholar and proven congregational leader . dr. kushner is rabbi laureate of temple israel in natick , massachusetts . he has been honored by the christophers as one of fifty people who have made the world a better place and by religion in american life as their clergyman of the year in 1999 . this is a book to read , give and savor over time . if you find this review helpful you might want to read some of my other reviews , including those on subjects ranging from biography to architecture , as well as religion and fiction .
i have long been aware of the commercial success of author nora roberts but the storylines and writing style ( a genre often characterized as romantic suspense with apparent emphasis on the romance ) have never tempted me to read any of her work . however , i happened to pick up a copy of volume # 21 ( depending on how you count anthology inclusions ) in the ... . in death series written under the pen name j.d . robb and was immediately intrigued by its premise of a futuristic police procedural series ( the year is 2058 ) with a strong central character ( detective lieutenant eve dallas ) who had a continuing romantic interest ( the mysterious irish billionaire roarke ) . i have long enjoyed the spenser series by robert parker and the ensemble cast of ed mcbain 's 87th precinct novels ; the reward of finding another such series to enjoy would only be increased by some speculation thrown into the mix regarding the future direction of science in the aid of police work as well as speculation concerning the evolution of new york city , an area very familiar to me . i was immediately hooked by survivor in death and despite some minor criticisms gave it a five star review ( 3/30/2005 ) . i read origin in death , the next book in the series , as soon as it was released and also enjoyed it sufficiently to rate it five stars as well ( 7/26/2005 ) . as with other series which i have enjoyed , i then decided to read some of the earlier books to fill in the backstory and see how the characters have evolved . in my opinion , the early stories in the series can best be labeled transition novels as romance author roberts attempts to transform herself into mystery writer robb . my recent three star review ( 11/29/2005 ) of naked in death , the initial book in the series , discusses the specific positives and negatives of that attempt , so i will not go into detail again here . and in summary , i found this book a much better police procedural although with the major flaw that it seemed a little too obvious that eve 's pursuit of her initial suspect ( although logical ) would turn out to be a diversion from her identification of the real killer . i so greatly enjoyed susan ericksen 's audio rendition ( unabridged cd ) of that book that i also chose to listen to the audio version of this novel ; i highly recommend her narration as likely to add to your enjoyment of the story . a wonderfully apt dryden quotation concerning fame and death opens this story ; then lt. eve dallas is discovered at the scene of a shocking homicide . prosecuting attorney cicely towers , a powerful and widely recognized star in the district attorney 's office and a woman with whom eve has dealt on occasion , has been found with her throat brutally slashed in a nasty neighborhood far from her office and her home late one night . the final appointment in her datebook is for an earlier dinner with her good friend and long time lover george hammett ; eve quickly establishes that she arrived safely home and subsequently received a mystery call of which she made no record but which obviously drew her to the scene of her death . eve 's investigation is complicated by the close friendship of cicely 's ex-husband marco angelini and their adult children ( david and marina ) with her boss , commander whitney and his increasing concern as eve 's investigation concentrates on the family . eve discovers that both david angelini and marina 's fiance randall slade have financial problems which could provide a motive for murder ; as additional damaging background information surfaces she appears to be on a collision course with whitney 's understandable concern both for these children who have suffered the tragic loss of their mother ; in addition , the stress increases when it appears that the friendship whitney 's wife with the family may lead to her potential involvement as a material witness . finally , a further complication which brings into question dallas ' objectivity is the revelation that the angelini family , cicely towers and eve 's lover roarke are are partners in a business venture . additional murders soon occur which bear the signature trademark of the killer , and media pressure intensifies on eve given the visible lack of progress in her investigation and the antipathy which she has evoked in c.j . morse , who coanchors the evening news with her friend nadine furst . eve is infuriated by c.j . 's actions and yet knows that in fact the only effective way to silence the slimeball 's continual attempts to denigrate her investigatory skills during his broadcasts is identify and catch the murderer . meanwhile , eve is also involved in establishing the boundaries in her relationship with roarke , both with regard to their personal lives and when his aid might be appropriate in her police investigation . after several twists , including one diversion which i had not anticipated , the story suddenly rockets towards a violent climax which it is not clear that all the central characters will survive . in addition to roarke , commander whitney , lt. dallas , and reporter nadine furst , this story contains all the series characters introduced in the first volume including dr. mira and the unique irrepressible mavis freestone and summerset , all of whom play relatively minor roles in this narrative . finally , the reader is introduced to patrol ( wo ) man peabody , whose observational skills in her relatively minor role in this case commend her to eve . she will eventually become both eve 's good friend and partner on subsequent cases and their complementary styles and skills will combine with their dedication to speaking for the dead and their loved ones will serve them well . if you plan to read several volumes of the series , i strongly suggest that you start with naked in death and then read this book even though they are inferior to the two later books which i have read . the later books include details concerning the mysteries of roarke 's and dallas ' childhood backgrounds and the impact on their individual lives which provide a context that i would have preferred to have gradually unfold as i completed the series in the sequence which the author intended . and certainly , if you want a romance/detective story then read nasked in death . while this book still had some steamy sequences much more typical of nora robert 's novels than the later stories in this sequence , they were much more infrequent and better integrated into the story . however , if you only plan to sample a few stories in the series , then i strongly suggest that you skip the early books and concentrate on some of the later novels , including either of the two which i mention at the beginning of this review . the characters and their relationships are much more developed as the series progresses and the plots are also more complex . meanwhile , i plan to continue to pursue the dual goal of reading each of the new releases as they occur while gradually filling in my knowledge of dallas ' past cases . tucker anderse
this is a reader that covers the various theories of nationalism as well as varieties of nationalism itself . this makes it a largely indispensable supplement , handbook and reference work for anyone interested in nationalism . this is particularly true today as the scholarship on this social phenomenon continues to grow unabated , and since it is patently obvious that nationalism hardly seems about to disappear . the reader contains important extracts from the major works on nationalism by some of the most important early theorists such as renan , max weber and stalin ( although the views of marx and engels themselves or lord acton and friedrich meinecke would have been welcome additions ) and almost all of the most important contemporary scholars ( gellner , anderson , connor , a. smith , etc. ) . the texts are well-selected and organized , and it really contributes to making a very complex subject and a daunting field of scholarship seem a little easier to grasp
if you are just starting out on photography , i highly recommend this book . it begins immediately on the first chapter on picture making ! for this reason alone , i would give it 5 stars . here in the first chapter , the authors wasted no time to tell you what makes good pictures : the photographer , not the equipment . they then proceed to explain why the majority of our pictures ( at least , the rest of us non-professionals ) turn out unflattering despite our best efforts and high-tech cameras . if you read nothing else but the first chapter alone , i would bet that your photography will already begin to improve . or if not , the first chapter will at least inspire you to try the suggestions and see the result yourself . in fact , even if all you have is a humble point and shoot film camera , the things they teach in the first chapter are still totally valid , as the principles of good photography remains the same whether you use film or digital . the next chapters give details about camera operations , how to creatively use camera controls , and another great topic , how to tackle different photographic subjects . just what i needed ! i like the chapter on how to process you own film in black and white . although i 'll probably not dive into it , this chapter gives you good grounding on the grassroots of photography . other good stuff inside :  1 . projects at the end of most every chapter . i dare you to do all the project at chapter one and tell me if it will not improve your understanding of what makes a good picture ! 2 . information on digital aspect of photography . although i shoot film slr , i know that one day , i 'll want a digital slr so the info on it is nice . 3 . all the illustative pictures are ones that can be done by amateurs ! in keeping with the beginner 's purpose , this is intentional on the part of the authors . if you are looking for award winning photos or famous photographers , you wont find it here . but the pictures in the book are beautiful in their own right and they drive home the points taught . 4 . modest studio lighting you can create yourself ! the principles on the very important aspect of light taught here are very revealing to me . the diagram of how to photograph a subject using only your own flash and any old white card to reflect some light is already a good starting point . however , i am tempted to give this book 4 stars since i felt that despite it 's generous information , attractive layout , highly readable text , and wide pages , the authors skimmed the topic on tricky exposure problems . the use of grey cards , spotmeters , and handheld lightmeters to solve these tough light problems were only briefly explained . on the other hand , they provided easily applied solutions to our most common exposure problems . so i give them the benefit of the doubt that such issues correctly belong to advanced photography topics which might only discourage the wobbly beginner if mentioned here . now that you are aware of it , you will probably do more research on it . meanwhile , a lot of my pictures are already much improved by the application of the principles in the book alone . i therefore , highly recommend this book to fellow beginners in photography
if you are ready to take complete responsibility for yourself and live the joyful life then this is a must read . i will say it is simple even thou i will avoid saying it is easy . for your sake and your loved ones sake give this idea a go .
there is a tarot correlation , but the deck also has a strong shapshifter orientation as well . the cards are a piece of art in themselves . the cards encourage a strong connection with nature . the spreads give good results to those of an inquiring mind . with a minimum of reading , you are off and running getting insights to the past , present , and future . there is a wide variety of uses for the cards for self or with others
this story , set early in the &quot ; known space&quot ; period , is an important part of larry niven 's future universe , full of his accustomed ingenuity in both the plots and the science . the protectors do n't fit quite comfortably into the &quot ; known space&quot ; universe , and have raised some problems later , for example in the famous &quot ; man-kzin wars,&quot ; where the &quot ; known space&quot ; universe has been shared by other writers , including poul anderson , jerry pournelle , sm stirling and hal colebatch , but the story is fine space opera and entertainment , and has a genuine sense of strangeness and wonder that all too often is lacking from contemporary sf
i picked up this book looking at the cover trying to figure out his picture . i then looked at the titleee and it clicked . i read this for school and it was n't hard to finish it because it amazed me with what everything really was . usually i read fiction books that have diseases or disorders in them . i figured that there should be some explaination for me . it wasnt hard to follow . also everything was explained very well . i did n't have any real background other than the fictions books that you really could n't go by
after viewing the german artistic mini-series for television many years ago , i decided to read this german family story to rival galsworthy 's forsythe saga . i was not disappointed , because this book deals , among others , with one essential aspect of human existence : man 's difficulty in adapting to hardships and changes in social status . the story of the buddenbrooks is a story of moral values among individuals who , although belong to the same family , can be astonishingly different in their understanding of life and their grasp of reality . in this family we see characters who are able to adapt , understand the world and compromise , while at the same time we are exposed to those who are limited by their own upbringing to a life of limited flexibility and eventual disillusion and self-abandon . this fundamental book of world literature attacks two antithetic facets of human nature , two views of the world that are constantly at battle within all human beings . it is for this reason that &quot ; buddenbrooks&quot ; is fundamentally an allegory about man and his internal turmoil with the major challenges of life , a carefully crafted story with psychological insight that makes the reading of this book definitely worthwhil
alan lightman is one of those rare individuals who has a solid background in both physics and the humanities . as a result , he has been able to write this very enjoyable collection of essays dealing with the human context of science , especially physics . none of the essays are ultra profound , but they 're still insightful enough to make worthwhile reading , especially considering that the amount of literature in this genre is fairly limited . this book reminds me of " feynman 's rainbow " by leonard mlodinow , which i also found to be very enjoyable and , like mlodinow 's book , lightman 's book is a quick read . as other reviewers have noted , the specific essay topics are a mixed bag including autobiography , biography , the relationship between math and physics , the nature and experience of scientific inquiry , and other broader topics such as the influence of technology in human life . as indicated in my title , if you have at least a popular-level familiarity with modern physics , and can also appreciate the humanities , i predict that you will find this book to be quite enjoyable , and perhaps also somewhat enlightening . i enjoyed reading the book , and i expect that i will read it again in the future
it may sound as though i am damning this book with faint praise , but i believe that with a subject as complicated as anti-western feeling there are few better places to begin than with a good conversation opener . written in clear non-academic language , buruma and margalit have written a book-length essay which further elaborates on the article which they published several years ago in the new york review of books . the point of the project is to posit a hypothesis on the roots of anti-western feeling and use that to draw open the discussion as to how the gap can be repaired . i notice that the original article sparked much less disappointment than the book . there is something about the translation to book form which implies a level of completion or comprehensiveness that an essay by itself can not achieve . you will find that most reviewers ( myself included ) had a list of things that we missed in their overview . these omissions felt serious to me , but i notice that the lists have very little in common . it is truly not possible to please everyone or include everything , so perhaps it is just as well that they did not try . if you already have an adament point of view in this discussion , then this book may well irritate you . buruma and margalit clearly do their best to be as objective as possible , given their own cultural bias . if , however , you are like me and mostly have a clear view about your own lack of answers then you will probably find this a valuable reading experience . since reading it , i lent the book to a good friend ( sorry , publishers ! ) and we have not been able to stop discussing the points that it raised . quite an accomplishment , in my opinion , for a self-described short history .
okay , the title is a bit much . but i enjoyed this book tremendously . some of the criticisms point to the elements i liked best . the routine cases , how they were approached , and the results were a revelation to someone who has no real idea of police work except what i 've seen on " cops " ( constant action and crisis ! ) . there was a new story on every page , and i wound up reading until 1 a.m. on a work day because i just could n't help reading " one more page " . the descriptions of the surroundings , the characters , the sounds and smells of the settings , conjured up a real sense of being there . i was fascinated by the character faults and virtues of the people in the book , as atkinson tried to remain true to mccain 's philosophy that most people are n't entirely good or bad . as a resident of the area , i finally understand the gang wars that were taking place when i was growing up ( i remember the old boston record american newpaper with the crime scene photos splashed across the front ) . i highly recommend this book to anyone who lives in the northeast , and to others who 'd like a glimpse into how boston politics are practiced in every profession
i could n't help myself when i opened the juicing bible--i should have been doing other things--but i spent over an hour perusing the pages . it contains a wealth of information on fruits , herbs , and vegetables and their healing properties . the layout is handy and it is easy to find things with the detailed indices . the recipes are simple , clearly written , and sound delicious . i am excited and inspired . in fact , i 'm going to get my juicer off of the bottom shelf of the pantry and go for it
this second edition of a classic provides an update on a reference recommended for college-level collections specializing in chinese literature . sources of chinese tradition has been recognized already as a scholarly staple : in its new form sources of chinese tradition has been extended to include the deng xiaoping and jiang zemin eras of china and includes invaluable source readings on history and literature of the times , from the 18th-century qing civilization onward
the oxford atlas is the best of all competitors . it is full-size , high quality ink and paper , 368 pages and covers most areas of history from the caveman to the present time . i am not speaking of the concise edition but of the full-size edition . the isbn number is # 0195215672 . this book covers about 2,000,000 years of history from the origins of humanity to the year 2000 . the atlas is the result of over three years ' work by internationally renowned cartographers , an expert editorial team and specialist academic consultants
&quot ; disarming iraq&quot ; is hans blix 's thought-provoking and historically-important memoir of the few but critical months leading up to the u.s.-led invasion of iraq , during which he tried to paint a clear picture -- for the un and the world -- of his inspection team 's findings , claiming no need for urgency and lobbying for diplomacy . the polarized atmosphere was palpably tense : while the u.s. , the uk and spain insisted that iraq was not responding to inspections , france , germany and russia asserted with equal force that the inspection program had never been fully explored . parting the raging waters ( for a few weeks , anyway ) was the quintessential diplomat hans blix . as it reads , he was too diplomatic , unwilling to state his results confidently for fear that it might drive un policy . it didn ? t help that he had a few doubts of his own ; that in spite of not finding any &quot ; smoking guns&quot ; in terms of banned weapons , he still sensed that iraq was playing a cat-and-mouse game . either the regime 's odd narcissism allowed it to believe that it did not have to comply with the un , or it was hiding something . either way , blix 's hesitation was enough to set the stage for colin powell 's historic february 5 , 2003 presentation of evidence of wmd ? s in iraq , which was more or less the proverbial point of no return . apparently , what mr. blix was trying to tell us -- before he was drowned out by the noisy din of a fearful and overzealous media -- is now common knowledge about wmd ? s in iraq : blix 's commission failed to find anything not because the iraqis succeeded at hiding the weapons , moving them ahead of inspections , but because the weapons really weren ? t there . iraq had disarmed at the end of the gulf war in 1991 , just as they ? d claimed . the un inspection program had worked -- without knowing it . so how did the war move forward under false pretenses ? according to blix , &quot ; a deficit of critical thinking&quot ; was to blame . he speculates that our congress would never affirm the use of force merely to end a reign of terror ( even though blix himself wishes for a un resolution against brutal dictatorships ) . the bush administration had to justify war in iraq by linking it to terror , and since there was no real link , it had to capitalize on the &quot ; theoretical&quot ; link of iraq 's weapons of mass destruction . this is as far as his speculation goes . where the phrase &quot ; military industrial complex&quot ; would seem most natural and expected -- followed by a salacious tell-all about bush , cheney and nefarious links to saudi oil -- blix cleverly sidesteps the issue of america 's impatient itch for war by feigning ignorance . giving blix the benefit of the doubt , perhaps he prefers to be thought of as naive and not sensational . needless to say , dr. david kelly 's death ( the british scientist who leaked to the bbc that the british government had &quot ; sexed up&quot ; a document alleging iraq 's nuclear capabilities ) was an &quot ; unfortunate suicide&quot ; -- and not the work of a shadow government . ( the entire document , by the way , turned out to be a forgery . )  at least blix observed the &quot ; horse trading&quot ; ( &quot ; intense economic and diplomatic pressures&quot ; ) our government used to obtain votes from other countries -- votes needed to pass the un resolution authorizing the use of force -- as well as he disapproved the bush administration ? s spying on un delegations while on their diplomatic visits to new york . blix had other objections to u.s.-led efforts , but they are all based on facts and evidence , and are in defense of iaea ( a previous inspection organization , also headed by blix ) and unmovic ( the un 's monitoring , verification , and inspection commission ) . interestingly , the largest setback to diplomacy was related to a 167-page &quot ; cluster&quot ; document released by blix in early march of 2003 , which summarized all the inspections for the three preceding months . unfortunately for france and germany , american and british members of unmovic leaked pre-release draft copies of the document . in other words , france and germany had much less time to prepare their official reactions to the cluster document than their british and american counterparts . their positions , in favor of renewed inspections , were not as compelling . while blix ? s passion is definitely enough to carry his memoirs , one can easily see why it was so difficult for americans to take mr. blix seriously : he lacks that forcible personality that commands respect . even so , he is gifted with an even temperament , a good sense of humor , and a deeply-imbued sense of integrity , all important qualities for diplomacy . although he may have been the only individual capable of peaceably bridging the large gap between the un and iraq , in retrospect it may have been asking too much from some of our leaders to match blix ? s diplomatic efforts in their reasonableness and patience
this is the best baseball book ever ! not only is it beautifully organized and rich with facts , but it 's so well written ! as someone who came late to baseball , i find the book hard to put down . if you can only buy one baseball book , this is it--it 's a major reference for any fan , and it 's going to make a great holiday gift too . get your copy before they 're all gone
michael farquhar has created another bathroom book for the history-loving set . this one , treasury of deception , is just what it 's title implies and is broken down into categories and ranges from prison escapes to scientific frauds , from practical jokes to deadly hoaxes , such as the blood libel . it is a truly odd mixed bag and should be read over a long period in many small bites , although that may prove harder to do than anticipated and one may find oneself gobbling the whole thing down at once . the book is light at the right moments and more serious when required and , amazingly enough , never veers into the truly silly , which is a blessing
this was an amazing book . it was one of those where when you read it , you can picture the story in your head , almost movie like . feist did an amazing job with descriptions and character developement . this was my first fiest book , but i can guarantee you , it wont be my last . the plot follows a young boy named kieli and his story of becoming a spy and weapon against those that murdered his village . the story begins with kieli on a vision quest , a test to prove he is ready to be an adult . he must go to a sacred hill and wait for a vision to appear to him . he then finds that his village has been attacked and that he is the sole remainer of his people . the story goes on to tell of his quest for vengance and his plot of revenge . amazing in every way
i think nora roberts has a fantasy with horses and horse farms , as we 've seen in her books irish thoroughbred , irish rebel and now true betrayals which was written in 1996 . unlike the other two , true betrayals is not pure romantic fiction but a blend of several genres . to me , it was very interesting and kept me amused and entertained for several hours . kelsey byden was led to believe that her mother , naomi chadwick , had been dead for quite a few years and when she received a letter from her mother asking if she 'd come visit her , she was an emotional wreck . it seems the real reason her mother was n't a part of her life as she grew up was the fact that she had been in prison for killing her lover . talk about shock value ! kelsey decides to visit her mother to try to come to terms with her emotions - kelsey had recently divorced and just finding out her dead mother was very much alive was enough to make anyone emotionally unstable and made kelsey question everything in her life . naomi has a working horse farm in virginia and kelsey goes to try to make sense out of her life . sounds like a typical plot line , right ? well , sort of , but if nora roberts is writing it , you can bet there are a few twists and turns along the way . like kelsey being thrown into a situation that could result in another murder . can the trainer who works for her mother be the answer to kelsey 's broken heart ? can kelsey ever trust her mother again after being deceived by her for so many years ? will kelsey ever believe in herself again ? i wo n't give away any of the plot , you 'll have to read and enjoy this one for yourself ! i do have to say that the plot is not the part of the book that i enjoyed the most - sure there 's a little mystery thrown in just to keep things interesting . sure there is lots of romance and sorting of feelings toward the mother-daughter relationship . but what i enjoyed the most were the descriptions of the horse ranch , the surrounding areas , actual workings of the ranch , etc . nora roberts is first rate at painting a very vivid mental image and i found myself slipping off to virginia and owning a ranch of my own in my imagination while reading this book . the lush green landscape , the openness of the working ranch , the racetrack - ah , it sounded like pure heaven . the plot is very predictable : everyone lives happily-ever-after , mother and daughter are reunited , true love waits for kelsey , etc. , etc . what makes the story enjoyable is the mix that roberts has perfected - not just pure romance , but a little mystery and intrigue also .
mind 's eye is the second 'eye of the beholder ' collection , which began as the first comic strip to run in the new york times , and provides a fine set of black and white strips which presents a particular viewpoint . these visual puzzles provide much food for thought : there are panels of scenes , then turn the page for the unifying concept linking them
here 's a book that would have made a great spreadsheet . there 's a lot of data here , displayed via a string of pictographs . text in this book serves to provide directions only . i would have rated this higher if it provided a little background on the location , the history , geographic features , etc
this book is the right choice for beginers and advanced users of spring . it covers all major aspects supported by the framework , and goes beyond than a " 24 hours learning " book . emphasizes the basic theory and shows how to correctly use the framework in j2ee applications
with respect to my qualifications , i am the founder of the learning spanish like crazy method . i am also the author of several articles written on the topic of learning spanish . and now for my review . . . i tend to judge a spanish-english dictionary by the following criteria :  1 . does it provide 21st century spanish vocabulary words or only outdated spanish vocabulary ? 2 . does it provide both the words that are commonly used in latin america and spain or only one or the other ? using yardstick number one this book did fairly well . i found words such as " raton " not only defined as " mouse " as in the rodent but also " mouse " as in " computer mouse . " and " pantalla " was n't only defined as a " screen " but a a 'computer monitor ' as well . however , it only used the original definition of " bajar " ( to lower , to descend , or to go down ) . it lacked the 21st century definition which is " to download . "  using yardstick number two , this dictionary did well . for the english word " block " i found the latin american definition of " cuadra " but i also found the european definition of the word which is " manzana . " several spanish-english dictionaries that i have used in the past only define the spanish word " manzana " as the english word " apple , " and only define the english word " block " as the spanish word " cuadra . "  it is important that a dictionary provides both the latin american and european spanish words . from my experience , latin americans tend to use different vocabulary words from one country to another . but if you use the european spanish word , even though they may not use the word , they will be familiar with it and will understand you . overall , i give this dictionary " cuatro estrellas " ( four stars ) .
i just finished reading this book and loved it . it helps put things into perspective . i would recommend it to anyone who is going through trials in their life . it 's on my all time favorite books list , i just bought a copy for my mother-in-law and am encouraging many of my friends to read it
i ca n't go on enough about this book . it should be required reading in colleges and for those in all levels of government , wall street and industry ceos . the writing is excellent . many of its passages read like prayers . i ca n't think of topics and subjects more important than those jensen writes about -- our cultures diconnection from the natural world and from ourselves and how it has impacted our mental and spiritual health and the health of the earth . jensen is so passionate about these topics that he does repeat certain ideas , but instead of ruining it , i think the non-linear trajectory of his book actually enhances his message . the first half of the book where he discusses problems can be hard-hitting and difficult to get through certain parts of it , but please hold fast through the end . it is worth it . jensen 's eloquence and wisdom are best when he is also discussing answers , or possibilities , as it were . www.corimorenberg.co
i stumbled upon matthew reilly 's novel in the new release section of my public library . i had never heard of him before , this being his first release in the united states , but the synopsis on the inside of the dust jacket caught my attention so i decided to give the book a try . most books coming out now have author blurbs of recommendation i take with a grain of salt . most of these authors are paid for their reviews or they are personnal friends , making it difficult to determine the sincerity of the review . everything is promised to be a " white , knuckle thriller " or my personal favorite " a rollercoaster ride of excitement " but the majority of the time the book does not live up to the hype . this is definately not the case with " ice station " . this book is action with a capital a ! how this book has not been optioned for film bewilders me because if it is done right it would be one of the best action films of the past twenty years . the book alone left me exhausted . for a quick intro without giving anything away ( because i hate spoilers ) a crisis emerges at an isolated antarctic research station . a marine recon team is sent to investigate and all hell breaks loose . this is not an exaggeration . when the action begins in this book it does not let up . every time i thought the book was going to have a down moment to give me the opportunity to eat or get some sleep , i got cold cocked by a left hook . the characters only pause in the book to reload . now there will be nay sayers out there who will criticize that the book lacks any real substance . maybe there could have been more characterization , perhaps there is a fact or two off when utilizing military jargon or technology , or maybe an event bends the laws of probability but all i can say is i do n't care . i had fun with this book . for the two days i read the book i had a blast . this is not a contender for the pulitzer prize . it is not going to pop up on oprah 's book club . this is a summer action movie put to words and i dare you not to have fun . i may have discovered matthew reilly in the library but now i purchase his books as soon as they are released in hardcover . i know what to expect and he never disappoints .
i have always been intrigued with the hells angels and this book answered many questions especially the history of the club . i was impressed that the author lived with them for a year .
i was recommended this book after having taken a body electric workshop a few weeks before . from the first page i began to re-live the entire bonding rituals that we had experienced over that weekend . how to connect , how to communicate , and how to intimately bond on a higher plane ! although some of the prose is repetitive , it helps instill a spiritual base on which the reader can pull from . a definite &quot ; must have&quot ; book for the gay tribe who would like to interact spiritually and emotionally
once again , jasper fforde has created a story that is brilliantly written , perfectly blending english literature with wit . the book continues the story of thursday next by creating a new conflict , as well as making connections with the previous thursday next novels , adding a deeper level to the reading . highly recommended reading , but i also recommend you read the series in order
with the release of jasper fforde 's fourth title in the thursday next sci-fi/fantasy series , readers will be treated to the culmination of the alternative earth that the author has spent three books building . in " something rotten , " the options for direction for the series are fully realized as the alternate earth of 1988 and the world of fiction are completely in place . when last we left the intrepid thursday next , she had just saved the world of fiction from yet another villain intent on its destruction . pregnant and with her husband erased from history by the evil goliath corporation , thursday 's finally given birth to a son , friday , who at two year old only speaks in lorem ipsum ( a good example of the craziness of fforde 's vision . ) deciding that her time overseeing the purity of novels has worn thin , she returns to earth and winds up becoming : * the target of an assassin * the coach of her town 's professional croquet team * the thorn in the side of a hypnotic politician who is actually fictional * the hostess to hamlet , prince of denmark * the on-again , off-again wife to her exterminated , unexterminated husband * the finder of a live clone of william shakespeare * the friend of neanderthals everywhere * dead--twice * the holder of the secrets of the apocalypse * the once-again savior of the planet  if you think that 's about three books in one , well that pegs " something rotten . " fforde packs this book so full of plot and sub-plot that readers must juggle all those narrative balls at once . that fforde can bring all this together at the end shows that his mastery of his world has grown since the start of this series , " the eyre affair . "  while not as inventive as his previous book , " the well of lost plots , " fforde 's world-building is largely done , so " something rotten " can focus on the story and not on backstory--that 's a big plus . longtime readers of the series will find that this fourth book finally illuminates some of the backstory that existed even in the first book . for instance , we finally get to see who millon de floss is and get a better look at the genetic experiments that have resulted in an england overrun with mammoths , dodos , and neanderthals . all the typical humor that we 've come to expect from fforde is here and he 's done well picking up the mantle of douglas adams . someone has to write nutty british sci-fi and fforde is doing it about as well as anyone right now . and while " something rotten " is a terrible place for new readers to jump into the thursday next books , for fans of the series this is probably the most satisfying of his books . enjoy
i really like this book . it 's simple to follow instructions , and there is good advice all the way thru it . everything from the author 's mom 's advice to what to do to jazz up a low fat , high flavor recipe to make it more flexible , tastier , or fancy enough for company . i like kd 's tv show on food tv , and i liked her first book , this book is better than the first . i am eating more healthfully ( is that a word ? ) and keep taking the small steps kd recommends to keep doing even better . i highly recommend the book
i always look to see if an author stands in their truth . if they walk their talk . dr. christiane northrup does . i have read all of her books , women 's bodies , women 's wisdom , the wisdom of menopause and now mother-daughter wisdom . they all embody her path to well-being and her knowledge on the subject of women 's health . in her book mother-daughter wisdom , she shares her own life experiences from raising two daughters and her expertise as a medical doctor and relates them to health and wellness . i find this book to be a great tool and guide to help mothers raise empowered daughters and a model for a healthy mother-daughter relationship . i have three grown daugthers and would have loved to have had this book when they were growing up . i found out through much trial and error how to raise empowered daughters . dr. northrup is a pioneer in our time venturing into these unchartered waters of how mothers and daughters can have a balanced and loving relationship . she addresses the many challenges in our society today facing girls and gives suggestions on how to deal with them in a positive way . she talks about mothers caring and nurturing themselves in order to care for their daughter . this book is also a reference book as dr. northrup covers from birth to adulthood for the many stages in a mother and daughter 's life . mothers , men , and women without children , would benefit by reading this book to connect with their own legacy with their mother or if raising a daughter .
as the authors state in the preface of the book , the main focus of the text is to show the reader how to write high quality contracts . this is not a text intended to convince readers of the veracity of design by contract , but if you are a developer with an academic knowledge of assertions , then this book with its extensive examples will likely convert you to a design by contract advocate . most of the examples presented in the book are written in eiffel , an object oriented language that fully supports preconditions , postconditions and invariants without need for preprocessing . if you have n't written code in eiffel i highly recommend that you download eiffelstudio and deploy the examples in this book . although there are tools that offer assertion facilities , none provide the ease of use as that seen in the eiffel language . the text covers a preprocessor that imparts assertions to java , but the extra steps and unique keywords required to incorporate and activate the assertions are likely to prevent wide scale use of the tool in a software development environment . some aspects of object oriented languages such as design by contract and multiple inheritance are often taught through a language and an integrated developer 's environment that minimally supports the functionality . as such developers form a poor opinion of the concept and not the tool . the keyword support of contracts in eiffel makes the language a perfect learning tool which will impart a more than academic understanding of the value of assertions . the authors state ardently that developers have a choice between spending hours hunting down the causes of runtime errors or instead allocating time to write thorough contracts . as a sometimes eiffel developer i can state that this assertion is accurate . since contracts also assign responsibility for the runtime errors , they are invaluable for debugging . i recall an instance when i encountered a postcondition violation while using a linked list from the eiffel library . as a client of the class , i did n't spend any time tracking down the source of the error other than to report it along with the condition that triggered the error to the supplier . in industry significant time is spent debugging code prior to delivery and maintaining code afterwards . any concept or tool that aids in this function is indispensable to the project . apparently many people understood this notion since for several years the proposal to broaden java to include keyword support of programming by contract was purportedly the most frequent " non-bug " report requested by java developers . the book is well organized providing a set of step by step instructions on how to write robust contracts applicable to a wide range of examples from simple data structures to more advanced cases such as the implementation of the observer pattern . i considered myself well versed in design by contract but the six principles and guidelines as well as the frame rules , introduced successively via examples , provided a more rigorous approach to developing contracts than i had employed in the past . in chapter 2 , the distinction between basic and derived queries is discussed and all six principles are introduced through a stack example . each principle is unveiled in conjunction with designing methods and their contracts for the data structure . in the development of the dictionary class in chapter 3 , the authors present a case for a new query which asks if the dictionary already contains a specific key . the query arises from the specific application of the principles pertaining to postconditions . this is an excellent example of how contracts result in the development of new and needed features in a class . in chapter 6 , the authors present a clear rational for weakening inherited preconditions and strengthening postconditions and invariants in accordance with other literature pertaining to the same topic . in particular , the example of a delivery service reads like a case of retail agreement in plain language but is complemented by examples of code and uml diagrams . the concept of guarding postconditions with preconditions to facilitate possible redefinition of methods is also introduced and well explained . chapter 8 covers the benefits of design by contract and if the reader has compiled and executed the examples presented in the book , they will have experienced some of these benefits firsthand . of course there are considerations like better documentation and more reliable code , but the debugging assistance is the most overt benefit of contracts . the stack traces associated with assertion exceptions are an invaluable tool during both development and maintenance . anyone who has developed quality software under a tight schedule understands the benefits of precision bug identification and resolution . analysis by contract , introduced in the final chapter , presents the concepts of design by contract abstractly removed from the code specifics . the authors present an analysis of a person withdrawing money from a bank . in doing so they codify the sequence of events based on the contract stating that the design is " derived from the specification rather than being a design that is also being used as a specification . " the obvious implication of this is that the final product will likely fulfill the specification implicitly . this is a book packed with knowledge that is essential for all developers regardless of the current support of design by contract in conventional languages . in the future , as the more popular languages incorporate additional design by contract concepts , there will be an increased number of authors producing texts on these topics as well as a growing number of developers annotating their resumes accordingly . i suspect that all of these texts will reference design by contract by example and many of the developers that already understand the concept will be well acquainted with the pages of this book .
this book is a must have for anyone applying six sigma to real world problems . not only do i use it on a nearly daily basis , i 'm finding that my engineers are embracing the terminology and concepts so clearly conveyed in this text . we 're spending 20-minutes at each staff meeting to review topics from basic statistics to advanced application of teaming concepts to get results . instead of the usual soft stuff application examples that seem to illustrate that the author thinks everyone 's making clothes pins , pyzdek 's book shows that he 's really lived this stuff . i highly recommend this book to anyone serious about applying six sigma for results . joe maciulla manager , manufacturing engineering systems raytheon missile system
this book is an almost encylocpedic digest of current theories of thoroughbred handicapping . none are covered in such detail that you can run off and start making money at the track , but each points you to a source for more comprehensive information on the theory that interests you . if you are willing to ignore books on " handicapping made easy , " this book is probably among the best starting points for the novice . it explores a variety of approaches , leaving you to select what you like , and follow a path toward mastery
oz talks sense . from the first chaper , i was hooked . she suggested making a minor change for the first week . i cut back on one soft drink per day - from 3 down to 2 . that was quite painless . i also took her starter tips - drink water before meals and do n't eat closer than 2 hours before bedtime . again , those were minor and did n't crimp my style . this is not really a diet book though it deals with diet ( as in what you eat ) . it 's really about living well and making mostly good choices but not going overboard ( and ultimately failing ) . oz is a vegetarian , but she said that red meat was fine in moderation . go for only twice per week on that she suggested . i love beef , but i also like chicken and fish and can tweak that part of my meal plan . chips are junk food , but a bowl is n't a huge deal . just do n't grab the bag and keep munching . if you have an urge for chocolate , melt some semi-sweet chocolate and dip fruits like strawberries in the chocolate . it really does satisfy that chocolate craving with smaller amounts of chocolate . that 's typical of her advice and things that i can handle and maintain . she also talks about exercise and about supplements ( meant to supplement and not take the place of good food ) . she 's reasonable with her ideas here as well . i added some extra work out time ( even jogging 5 minutes while watching tv adds up if you do it pretty often ) and bought a basic vitamin plus b , c and e ( all heartily approved by my doc ) . oz lost 10 pounds her first semester . this is not a crash course . she 's down 30 lbs now ( over 2 years i think ) - just slowly and surely . and , she 's maintained rather than yo-yo'ing . i think most people ( college or not ) would benefit from reading this book and trying out oz 's common sense plan . older readers might need a little less food overall and might not opt to go out and have a snowball fight to burn calories , but the basics are here for a good lifestyle plan that is n't painful and does work . this would be a great book for anyone ( females more so ) headed off to college or in college . oz has dealt with being overweight . she did a lot of research and put a workable plan into action . i think most readers will love her style and also will be able to use her ideas and stay slimmer and healthier .
imaginary playmates are not unusual . but , there has n't been a playmate like tillytilly since those nasties henry james created in " turn of the screw . "  and , like them , tillytilly seems to be something more than what a child has imagined . jessamy harrison , the eight-year-old daughter of a nigerian mother and a british father , is a precocious and lonely child subject to screaming tantrums and panic attacks . during a visit to her nigerian relatives , jess explores an abandoned building and meets tillytilly , a child of her own age , who she befriends . the problem is , no one else can see tillytilly . on their return to england , tillytilly mysteriously shows up and soon leads jess into a heap of trouble . fun becomes horror as tilly demonstrates a penchant for cruelty . given that miss oyeyemi was only 18 when she penned this complex novel , there are some drawbacks . jess is often portrayed as much more sophisticated and articulate than the reader can believe and some characters are not drawn out enough . despite these flaws , maturity is certain to give us a writer well worth watching for in the future .
this is a very involved book , bringing to light all the past and present characters . i loved it . it was nice to see the history of o'connor and his mentor jack . i thought ms. burke pulled this one off nicely with the mystery being spread over a 40 + yr timeframe . nice job . it was nice to see new characters introduced also , i hope to see them in future books . if you have n't read this series , you could probably get away with starting out with this book . i have to tell you though that you are missing a lot by not reading all of the other books in the irene kelly series .
once again , david mccullough 's treatment of an american icon is the best of its kind . this biography reads like a fascinating novel , and mcculloughs narrative ability is unmatched . no one seems to be able to tell a story the way he can . the great theodore roosevelt , known throughout the world and across the ages as an incredibly strong , tough , larger than life figure actually began as somewhat of a weakling . the book covers his total transformation from a sickly child to a man of great resolve and courage , the man who would become president of the united states . best of all is that mccullough likes and admires his subject . this is not always the case with biographies . roosevelt and his family are treated with the dignity and respect they deserve . highly recommended , as are all of mccullough 's books
i " religiously " read all of baldacci 's books - he ca n't write them fast enough for me ; and this is one of his best ! i 'd give it 10 stars if i could
to surmise , the book is about an actor who is hired to be a political figure . i will not reveal any more as to not ruin the nature of the plot . i felt that like some of heinlein 's books , the book is plauged with politics , less science fiction , the only sci-fi thing about it is that the plot takes place in space , other than that , it 's all politics . same thing with citizen of the galaxy , a book that starts off really well and ending with a theme that do not portray sci-fi rather it shows heinlein 's knowledge in law . i felt that the book could have been much better and i do n't see how it won the hugo award . conclusion : the book is a fun pass , but nothing more . do n't expect any groundbreaking plot , or jaw dropping plot twists , just your old fashioned politicians-dear-diary
i am an inveterate map reader . whenever i travel there is a map in my pocket . but a recent trip to the middle east and growing hobby collecting ancient coins had left me lost and confused as i tried to put in context the ruins visited and the coins i collected . with time , the names of cities and regions change so that one needs a separate map for each period . morkot 's superbly written historical atlas not only provides maps , but the rationale and context for their evolution and change . one of the best features in the structure of this book is the use of the overview , followed by a series of in-depth accounts , each from the perspective of the important &quot ; players&quot ; during a given historical period . this approach is immensely effective in reinforcing the information since the same information is repeated and new information added as each of the regions , their politics and battles , are succesively presented . from the mycenae to the parthians are thousands of years , thousands of miles , and thousands of political entities whose ebb and flow of power and reach of influence affect us even today . for the first time after years of puzzling over strange grecian place names and leaders , i am now able to begin to understand the who what when and where for the 5 millenia preceding the birth of christ . i wish this had been the first book i read in my study of ancient history . i can hardly wait to start on penguin 's sequel - acient rome
good transaction , thank you
if you wan na stop smoking then give this a go . you 'll either stop right away or you 'll never beleive your doomed to puff on for life . either way you win . strange thing to say about a book but true i say . amazing stuff .
i like most of jack kornfield 's work and this book is no exception . it has a lot of good stories that are very entertaining and each of them illuminates important spiritual truths . the focus of this book is on misconceptions about enlightenment and samdhi experiences . also , it contains some beautiful accounts of samdhi experiences taken from various religious traditions . there is a lot of practical wisdom in this book about finding meaning on the spiritual path and in life in general . jack kornfield dispels the illusion we are ever a finished product or that our various personality quirks will ever disappear completely . in one section , he quotes ram dass who once was asked , did you get rid of all your personality problems and he replied , " no.. but i 've become a connoisseur of my neurosis . "  in another section , jack talks about vocation or purpose in life . i found this to be particularly well done and personally meaningful . while the book is good , i think you may get more out of the audio cd because you get to hear the tone of his voice and inflections . i think this carries a part of the communication that does n't come across in his books . my favorite taped work by jack kornfield is your buddha nature . this is on the 10 paramitas ( perfections ) and i think it represents his most poignant expression of his thinking on life . if you like after the ecstasy , the laundry... you may want to consider purchasing this as well
this book is inspiring ! the coverage is very broad and it can serve as a handbook for graduate students . even the hardest bits of econometrics are explained in an easy to understand way . my personal favourites are chapters 16 , 17 and 18 . i will definetely buy a hardcover of the next edition of this econometrics masterpiece . summing up , it 's one of my favourite books .
this book is full of useful insights . i was fortunate to hear reichheld present this content at a seminar for marketing professionals . while some reviewers have complained that his approach is overly simplistic , i doubt any of them have actually applied his methodology to their business . i applied his methodology to my business ( direct selling ) and had over 6,000 interviews completed to identify promoters , passives and detractors in the businesses of independent distributors . consistent with reichheld 's findings , the segments of my business that were growing fastest had more promoters in their respective customer bases and were performing better across a wide range of metrics . from the detailed findings , we identified best practices that were leveraged across the entire business . buy the book . have an open mind . apply the concepts he has laid out . if you do , you will walk away with useful ideas to accelerate the growth of your business
this series of books is a beast that has possessed me with its great storylines , characters and cliffhanger endings . kudoes to lahaye
bishop presents an entertaining history of bees and beekeeping , and gives us an absolutely fascinting tour into the relationship between humans and bees , both ancient and modern . what she misses are her science references :  on page 142 , bishop recounts the removal of a stinger : " ...he grabbed the whole sac , which simply squeezed in more venom . " this is not true . it is an oft-repeated piece of conventional wisdom , but in 1996 , entomologists at uc riverside published an article in the lancet ( 348 : 301-302 ) , with the conclusion that rather than removal method , speed is of the essence . visscher and vetter wrote of their conclusion : " the method of removal is irrelevant , but even slight delays in removal caused by concerns over performing it correctly ( or getting out a knife blade or credit card ) are likely to increase the dose of venom received . the advice should be changed to simply emphasize that the sting should be removed , and as quickly as possible . "  on page 276 , bishop writes about royal jelly " ...worker bees secrete and feed exclusively to a select few fertilized eggs , one of which , on this special diet , will grow into a queen . " this is patently incorrect . royal jelly , as all beekeepers know , is fed to all the brood by nursery bees for the first 2-3 days of the brood 's development . after this time , most brood who are not destined to be queens will receive pollen as food , whereas queens are fed the jelly all their lives . it is rather stunning that an author who keeps bees herself and obviouly spent considerable efforts in researching her book can make such a glaring error in bee knowledge . this was quite a blow to me at this point in the book as i have enjoyed the book very much , and to run into such a blatantly uninformed statement from the author caused me major disappointment . otherwise , this is quite a good , absorbing read .
very good book . she did it again , draws you in so you can relate to all characters and their issues . book 2 stayed interesting continuously . looking forward to book 3
truman capote 's wrote the grass harp early in his career and it is an often overlooked gem . this sweet , eccentric , moving and decidedly southern tale is the leisurely paced story of the repercussions that ensue when three townfolk decide to up and run away to live in a treehouse on the outskirts of town . three quickly becomes five and eventually swells to even more as the makeshift home becomes a sort of paradise and refuge where stories are shared , closeness is established , and love blooms....think flannery o'connor meets swiss family robinson with a dash of steel magnolias . themes of finding one 's place and path and making oneself known are skillfully woven into the narrative . it has the feel of a fantastic and utterly charming myth . primary assets are the " thick as molasses " southern mood and syntax as well as a bevy of unforgettable characters .
the big gift that the present public school system bestows upon most of us is a giant inferiority complex . few of us ever wake up to the mental prison-cells that society has put us in and fewer still escape . anne lamott 's book is one of those that not only encourages people but shows them how to let go of their perfectionism and internal critic and all the other fears and ego traps that keep us from creating . once you get past this junk , you begin to see you do n't really need books telling you how to write at all . you just need to write .
this is my favorite kid 's book--and i 've read a lot of books to my four-year-old ! the illustrations are simply wonderful and the story is great . it just begs you to use funny voices as you read . i buy it as a gift for every birthday party
i 'm generally into non-fiction and new to nora roberts , but i enjoyed " northen lights " very much . the book is well crafted with a believable plot and a group of quirky likeable charcters . i was sorry to finish the book and found myself wanting to vist " lunacy alaska " again . final test was i ordered and sent the book to a dear very literate friend ; she enjoyed it as much as i did
of all the articles and books of chomsky that i have read , necessary illusions : thought control in democratic societies is without doubt the most exhaustively researched ( and footnoted ) , the most logically structured , and the most convincing . chomsky reminds us that the majority of the populace rely on the various media institutions for their information about political affairs ; both domestic and foreign . one can only hold an opinion on a topic if one knows about the topic . so take , for example , the popular myth of the 'persistent soviet vetoe ' at the un during the cold war . why do people believe the ussr was constantly vetoeing any and every security council resolution ? simple ! when they did , it generated front page condemnation . when the us or the uk exercised their right of veteo : silence . as chomsky notes , during the years of 1970 and 1989 the former soviet union veteod 8 resolutions . the us veteod some 56 . this is what chomsky refers to as thought control . unless the public examine the factual record of the un themselves , they will never come by this information , ( at least not in the mainstream press ) . so although chomsky 's title may appear somewhat paradoxical , or oxymoronic , a moments reflection on such facts shows it to be , in fact , extremenly pragmatic and truthful . the question is , have you the honesty and sheer guts to question yourself and challenge the information which has contributed to your beliefs ? the crux of chomsky 's argument is that propaganda is to a democracy what violence is to a dictatorship . chomsky points out that , in fact , propaganda is , contrary to popular postulations , more important and vital to a democratic society because people still have some rights . that is , since people can talk , the powers that be must ensure that only the correct words come out of the peoples ' mouths . in a dictatorship it does not really matter too much what people think ; for whatever they may think , they have to do what they are told , by pain of death . in countries such as the us ( and the uk ) other , more subtle , methods are required . people often critisise chomsky for the sources of his information ( the copious footnotes ) . no such critique can be levelled at this work . chomsky 's sources are declassified internal planning documents , naval proceedings documents , and the very institutions he examines , new york times , washington post etc . if there was one chomsky book i would suggest you to read , this would be it
naomi shihab nye is a bridge-builder . she reaches out to those of other cultures , and always expresses understanding of those sometimes forgotten in our society . a good book for all ages
pat was right ! anyone read the news lately ? bush has succeeded only in creating more terrorists . mission accomplished . buchanan may have some whacky views about illegal aliens , but he knows his foreign policy when it comes to warfare and economics . if he and ralph nader did n't dislike eachother so much they would no doubt make the best running mates this country has seen in half a century .
" east of eden " is a beautifully written , sprawling , three generation saga of the men and women who settled the salinas valley in california . the story begins far away in the east , on the farm of the unscrupulous cyrus trask and his two sons , adam and charles . adam is an upright , honest young man who naturally draws people to him , while charles has an angry , violent spirit . charles tries in vain to earn the love of his father , and takes his anger at his failure out on adam . adam is sent by his father into the army as a sign of his love , but cyrus keeps charles close to home , knowing that war would release something dangerous and violent in his other son . adam wanders for many years across the country after his service , and some of the most lyrical passages in the book describe his life as a tramp , closely mirroring steinbeck 's own experiences during the depression . finally he returns to the farm and exists in uneasy partnership with charles until the mysterious cathy arrives . the more astute charles quickly realizes her true nature , but innocent adam marries her and they move to california . adam expects cathy to pursue his dream of life on a ranch , but cathy is a vicious , evil character with no redeeming qualities , and after the birth of twin sons she escapes only to re-emerge much later when her sons are grown . adam hibernates for many years on the ranch , broken-hearted over cathy 's desertion , and convinced he must hide the secret from his sons forever , which become an impossible task . repeating the pattern of their father 's life , the twins aron and caleb vie for their father 's love , with aron effortlessly winning it while caleb comes to believe there is something evil lurking in his spirit . but this time around , caleb is redeemed in a way charles never was . steinbeck 's prose is masterful , and his descriptions of the salinas valley , lush with the rains , brutal with the drought , capture exactly why men were drawn to the west . his portrayals of character and motives--sadly lacking in the movie--are totally convincing , and his adam is a flawed but admirable character . steinbeck has been a bit out of favor--at least until this was chosen as an oprah book . as an english-as-a-second-language teacher i recently taught " the pearl , " and that book too surprised me with its gorgeous writing and subtle imagery . ( we all read it in high school but i now realize it went right over my head . ) try steinbeck again--you wo n't be disappointed--my book club was n't !
if you liked empire , you 'll love multitude . the authors and reviewers alike speak of multitude as a follow up to empire , but i think something very different is happening here . hardt and negri have pushed and pulled each other forward over a vast and forbidding territory , and in multitude they have attained a height/depth of perception well beyond empire . if you are attempting to learn your radicalism , or inform your progressivism , through hardt and negri , then you may see multitude as continuing from and expanding empire , and you may also join the chorus bemoaning the perceived digressiveness and discursiveness of both books . but what we actually have here are two attempts at the same fateful book : where empire was the best try we had at the time , multitude now succeeds . where the digression in empire circled around the feeling of our world-cultural hematopoiesis , the discursion in multitude captures it . fukuyama attempted to deal with multitude in the july 25th nyt book review , and either utterly failed at , or purposefully decided to avoid , addressing the book qua philosophy . at this point in his apologizing for economists , it is hard to imagine that fukuyama 's name has ever been mentioned in the same breath as hegel , or that he has ever actually read any of the german idealists ; - whereas with hardt and negri , we almost have that level of man among us again . for fukuyama , history has indeed ended , because he has stopped feeling it and can now only move around his darkened signifiers . for hardt and negri , and for those who have read , listened , and felt their way into the great becoming that is world history , we are indeed not at its end , but at its very beginning . the chief problem with this book is that the english language , as a field of common meaning , is not up to handling this level of thought anymore . ( e.g. , the very british cheery insufficiency of george monbiot 's 'manifesto for a new world order' . ) hardt and negri wrote multitude in english , but were thinking in german , that neoplatonic lego of a language . so , if you consider yourself progressive but ca n't get the feeling and sweep of multitude , then trash your tv , stop reading anything written after 1930 for a few years , then come back to it . you will find you have become allergic to cnn , but you will also find that - finally - you can * feel * what the world and her history are all about .
i found this to be a real page-turner . it addressed all the issues leading to the near destruction of the high plains in the 1930s : agricultural , social , political . dealing heavily with first-person accounts , i learned about the dust bowl , the depression , and the psychology of the times . great book
a very good crime fiction book . connelly fans should buy this book without any hesitation if you do n't have it already . why it 's good ? 1 ) connelly is very good at creating 3 dimensional , believable , realistic characters and this book is no different . 2 ) a very realistic behind the scene look in the inner workings of a police department , he 's supposed to have been a crime beat writer . 3 ) logical plot . his books are not as fast flowing or edge of the seat exciting or scary as some thrillers , but they ca n't be if they are crime fiction . rather , he takes you through the investigation step by step , going through the process that his detectives go through so you can see how they solve the crime . cons : the only con i have is that the books are somewhat noir ( i 'm plagarizing this word from some other review ) . the thing is , bosch is not your spiffy " yes sir " , toe the blue line cop . and so , even though you want bosch not to stir the pot and just get on with his detecting he does his best to sabotage his position in the force and your wishes , well , c'est la vie , apparently connelly likes to put angst in his readers ' lives . i 'm not going to spoil the book , if you must know what the book is about you can read the intro . all i 'm trying to get across is why this book is good . a must buy
this was , by far , one of the most inspirational books i have ever read . the ramifications of this book have had far reaching effects on all aspects of my life . this is a must read for anyone going through a custody dispute . the author really knew what she was talking about
anyone who wishes to build a japanese tea room either in the garden or attached to their house could do well to start with this book . you can also use this book to design accents for a single room , or to craft an entire house . it was written by a german architect who lived in japan several decades ago and carefully measured surving older buildings as well as studying architecture there . while there are more detailed books in japanese , this may well still be the best available book in english
i read this book a couple of years ago , and i have just recently started to read it again . as much as i liked lonsome dove and larry mcmurtry 's ability to wrenches your heart by eliminating characters you fall for ; greg matthews stings your senses with the characters he develops
this volume contains a lot of valuable information , and is the only work of its kind i am aware of , ie an exhaustive survey of worldwide charismatic christianity . that alone earns it four stars . however , i was disappointed that the editors chose to write from a pro-charismatic bias that may alienate non-charismatics . indeed , some of the shorter entries seem more like blurbs for the ministers and movements they represent rather than academic , encyclopaedic introductions . the problem is not with what information is included so much as what information is * not * included - for example , absent from the entry on oral roberts is any mention of the dubious fundraising techniques and outrageous publicity stunts for which he is most ( in ) famous . ian bilby 's entry details his leadership of elim new zealand , but includes no mention of the sexual scandal that led to his removal as elim 's nz leader . all but the most staggering embarrassments in pentecostalism 's history seem glossed over , as if not offending anyone was a major principle in deciding what to include . i would expect a scholarly work to reflect both the glory and the shame of this important subject . this is an annoyance in an otherwise very good work .
this bible dictionary is a one volume source for nearly everything associated with or found in the bible . it covers the bible cover to cover with personalities , places , themes , concepts , etc . anyone who needs a resource for bible studies or just for general knowledge will want to own this book . church libraries should have it available for library users . this is an excellent resource . the editors chose authors who can write succinctly and clearly when they write on their subjects . readers will appreciate the thoroughness as well as the readability of this book . i ca n't emphasize it enough . this book is a must have for anyone interested in the bible
an excellent overall guide for both beginners in weight training and women who are familiar with their local gym ! in this book you will find weekly workout plans laid out clearly for you as well as other lifesyle suggestions to meet your health and fitness/physique goals
any beginner or intermediate learner , who wants to be enlightened on the basic mechanisms of both computer and its peripheral devices , would be laying a good foundation by starting with this book . without compromising its concise outlook , the coverage of this book is as comprehensive as it is illustrative . its updated chapters are well-appreciated , although that anyone who currently owns the seventh or even the sixth edition would not be missing much by sticking with either editions . despite being labelled " how computers work " , the contents of this book are not limited to pcs . they covered other related issues like : networking , multimedia , printers , software , and so on . detailed explanations , which are frequently complemented by high-resolution graphics are abundant . this book literally takes its reader into the 'engine room ' that keeps a computer running . it is an impressive virtual tour on paper ! however , if you are an advanced learner , this book will be of little use to you . in fact , there is hardly anything in it that any self-respecting advanced learner has not come across . likewise , apple/mac stalwarts need not invest in it . its focus is entirely on the pc : with no room for mac . all-in-all , the uniqueness of this book is plausible . it is a welcomed advantage . every pc component , as well as peripherals , are laid bare . it is a resourceful hand-holding tools for beginners : a worthy and dependable guide for any novice
i read a lot of books about gay guys , girls , ect . but never have i picked up one that touched so well on the subject of homophobia . it 's a simple enough story to read , compared to some other gay authors but it touches extremely well on problems that one can encounter growing up , first with weight , then intelligence , then being gay . i could n't put it down after the first chapter
this book was like madonna 's famous photographic book of 1992 when it hit the shelves in the 1960 's . this is brown 's manifesto on the liberal lifestyle which was spawned in that era . reader beware ... choices and actions have consequence ... and ponder very carefully before being cosmopolitan long after the expiration date . living it up does not mean reckless behavior . values are personal but when one woman 's values cause her to act in ways that impose the boundaries onto another ( ie - affairs with married men ) it is as much an imposition as bible thumping over others ' heads . people are free to do what they want but if they go down a certain road they have no right to take unwilling others down the path with them . although now dated and updated with sex and the city - ask yourself if you really want to be wild your whole life . retiring one lifestyle for something stable is a rather good thing when the time is right . helen gurley brown has done alot of good for women pursuing careers , enjouing the single life , and having an identity ... but too much too long has a cost . do you really want to be like brown and her counterpart hefner ... 80 years old and taking hormones in some attempt at youth ?
this review is written from the perspective of a serious home cook that has been studying cooking for 25 years and concentrating on italian cooking for the last 10 years . this book is targeted to anyone that wants to learn the history of italian cooking . this book is full of both information and recipes . this was one of my first italian cookbooks , and is still one of my favorites . this book is an authentic italian cookbook not the italian-american type that we are accustomed to in the usa . if you want a good comprehensive book on authentic italian food this is one of the books that i would recommend . however , if you are a beginner italian cook , this is not the book for you . the directions are written for someone that is familiar with the italian kitchen . the author assumes you have a basic knowledge of the italian kitchen and typical recipes . one complaint , and it is minor , is the lack of glossy photographs that i have become so accustomed to in cookbooks . the recipes in this book more than make up for the lack of photographs . overall this book is highly recommended for those that are serious about italian cooking
before the epiricist philosophers came along , it was generally accepted that there were certain things that humans merely knew facts to be true . basic philosophical concepts were reasoned to be true by a priori reasoning . thus , complex metaphysical ideas were formed by inductive logic , working off what was assumed to be true . then hume came along and destroyed more than two thousand years of metaphysics . hume showed that everything we know can be broken down in to two categories : relations of ideas and matters of fact . relations of ideas are things that a true by defintion . 2 + 2 will always equal 4 , because that is how it is defined . try as we might , we can never successfully imagine 2 + 2 equalling 5 . so relations of facts do not really tell us anything about the natural world . they are definitions we use to describe what is happening . matters of fact , on the other hand , are ideas we have that arise from our experience with the world , such as " the sun will rise tomorrow morning . " unlike with relations of ideas , matters of fact are not true my their defintition . we can imagine successfully " the sun will not rise tomorrow . " how , then , if we can imagine the supposed impossible , do we know anything to be truly impossible ? hume creates the basis for philosophical skepticism in this enquiry . he effectively show us that we can never know anything to be absolutely true . it was n't until kant 's critique of pure reason that philosophy recovered from the blow of hume 's metaphysics . this is a seminal text in the history of metaphysical and epistimilogical work and should be read by any and all philosophers
elie wiesel 's and the sea is never full provides the concluding volume of memoirs , relating his meetings with world leaders , his travels , and his diplomatic adventures . familiarity with wiesel 's importance and his prior memoirs will lend a special appreciation for this concluding volume
i really enjoyed this book from beginning to end . there are some very touching passages that get to the heart of what a good marriage is and the unique bond that husband and wife share . i am glad this story was n't about finding new love soon after losing someone who was clearly her best friend and soul mate . for the most part it is about finding other areas of pleasure in your life through exploring different types of bonds with friends old and new . it is also about new beginnings while still honoring the memory of the one she 's lost . i could read this novel over and over . the deep respect for marriage is refreshing in a world that can be dismissive of marriage 's sanctity and too often focused on those that fail
you know the author is good when he can make you tear up for a former kkk member on death row . while the book was a little slow at times , i could n't wait to turn the page and find out what happens next . if you like john grisham , you 'll like this book .
this book is hysterical ! check out the video ( above ) of the housewife slapping her husband 's butt with a spoon while she 's got him bent over the kitchen counter ! ! ! ! ! ! funny
hercule poirot is up again to a very baffling mystery...this mystery is about one family that facing a crisis after one of the memeber dies...and in this family case,christie once again using her expertise ( ie mystery surrounding the family ) in manipulating her imagination according to the right situation...and i can assure you that you will thoroughly satisfy after you read this book. .
ayn rand 's masterwork earns its reputation as a monumentally influential book . it is at least as important today as it was when it was published in 1957 . altas shrugged lays out , in the form of a sprawling novel , rand 's philosophy , objectivism . it has been said in a couple of different surveys that the book is ranked by americans as the second most influencial to them , trailing only the bible . atlas shrugged covers a lot of philosophical ground , but at its heart is a story that drives home the importance of the people who produce disproportionately in society ; people who invent , design , build , manufacture , improve and manage . she lays out the a story of a society that resents these people and their wealth despite the fact that they earned it and that they improved everyone 's standard of living while they improved their own . mysteriously , society 's producers start vanishing , one at a time until almost none are left . the outcome and the explanation are fun reading while they make an important point . our society has been wealthy enough for long enough that it is way too easy to take that wealth for granted and forget where it comes from . the decisions we make when we fail to keep in mind the source of the wealth do really have the power to make our standard of living go away . rand reminds us of this critical , but easily forgotten lesson in an eloquent way . read it and then tell ten friends to read it too . more of us need to see this side of the story . the fact that it 's unpopular right now just makes it that much more fun
if you are going to read only one of virginia woolf 's many works , this is the one to read . she is the greatest novelist , but her novels can not be equal , some being better or more universal than others . she really * arrives * in this one . i first read it twenty years ago in college , but i still think of phrases , thoughts , and concepts from this book . the novel 's themes resonate the way poetry does . worth the reputation . i hope no one ever tries to make a movie out of this one
horowitz with the help of researchers provides glimpses of the " 101 most dangerous academics in america . " your own political outlook will determine whether you think horowitz is an american hero or a buffoon . i 'll vote for american hero as horowitz provides details on professors whose very existence on a campus should motivate people concerned for their children and the destiny of the united states to march on the legislatures that use taxpayer funds to pay most of these " academics " demanding their immediate termination . college has changed . where the goal was once to teach young minds to think independently , it is now a place for intdoctrination , with punishment meted out for non-conformance to the various left-wing doctrines being rammed down the throats of young adults . the book is so densely packed that choosing representative excerpts could easily create a shorter bookof its own . for example , professor jose angel gutierrez opines " [ w ] e have got to eliminate the gringo , and what i mean by that is if the worst comes to the worst , we have got to kill him . " this from a licensed attorney , now a professor paid from the public purse - taxpayer dollars . prof. alison jaggar , another beneficiary of taxpayer money , seeks to combat the " male-dominant structure of everyday life . " she seeks , essentially , a world without men . not exactly an inclusive outlook . the examples cited above are mild . most are far worse - and these are the people , often supported by taxpayers in public colleges , who are forcing their views into the minds of young people . with tenure and increasing control of the hiring process , other views are shut out of the academy . the academy itself is being converted into a political training ground . many of these left-wing radicals are tenured and can not be fired , not even the likes of prof. haunani-kay trask who says " [ t ] he enemy is the united states of america and everyone who supports it . " she also advocates the deportation of all non-ethnic hawaiians from the islands . and the taxpayers foot the bill for her to " teach " . some of the names are familiar to many as talking heads , such as prof. joseph massad who demands the destruction of israel and denies that the jews are a nation . imagine what happens to a student , a jewish student in particular , who disputes massad 's views . this happened and massad screamed at the students . when the matter was investigated - a rarity - massad conveniently could n't remember the incidents . other of these professors make equally outlandish claims , many of them based on race , gender or sexual preference . reading this book is a sure invitation to outrage - and then depression as you realize that there is little the average citizen can do to stop what is happening , unless citizens band together to create enough of an uproar as does happen on all too rare occasion . a must-read for anyone concerned with the fate of america 's young minds and the nation itself . jerr
this book is a story about a girl named valerie . her life is turned in the direction of weird when her mom anouccnces that she wants a divorce because she has found a new love . with another woman ! ! with this scary detail in mind valerie 's dad has been called on business to a small unknow country in europe to be a royal chef . one good thing does happen to her though . when in the library trying to figure out her new school test she mets the prince . prince greog . to find out more read royally jacked . and remember even if the begining is boring keep going cuz the book does get better and continues to do so . so enjoy :
i bought this book because it was required for a class i am taking . i had the 3rd edition already and was n't too impressed . but this 5th edition is much more appealing . i just became pmp certified and reviewing this book before taking the exam was a great primer to get my head out of pure pmbok and into real world project management . the case studies and directed readings are great for seeing real world pm activities . i would suggest the book for guidance and classroom type learning . if you 're an experienced pm then this book is too academic and wo n't feed your intellect . buy something else
if not , here is a chance to find out . two figures left an imprint on the french art amidst the turbulent times of the late nineteenth century . manet , whom history dubbed the father of impressionism ( although at the time art critics branded him untalented ) and meissonier , then the highest paid painters and now a figure obscured by history . how did time turn the tables on these two characters ? why is meissonier forgotten , while the manet 's paintings sell with $ 20 million price tag ? the answer is in this book . mr. king 's skillful examination of the art 's progression from its realism to the appearance of impressionism in the latter part of 1800 's makes for a delightful reading . he analyzes the art critics of the time , the leading political figures , the consequences of a war with prussia , the french life and french economy . written with intellectual appeal and with an eye on the events that drove history , the judgment of paris is highly recommend to all lovers of historical non-fiction . -by simon cleveland
this book is more dated than the secret garden , but it 's still a great story . it 's hard not to identify with sara crewe . i loved this book as a child ( though not as much as i loved the secret garden , which i think is a better book ) . however , a little princess may appeal more to some people ; some readers may find the story stronger and the main character , sara crewe , more likable . sara 's determination to stay herself despite how other people treat her and view her is inspiring and may help readers through tough times of their own . some scenes ( i do n't want to spoil the surprise by describing them ) are magical . a little princess is a great story that makes readers think . some of those thoughts make you uncomfortable , like the thoughts about differences between rich and poor children - but that ( i think ) is part of the book 's greatness . be sure to get an unabridged edition : this book is beautifully written and should not be simplified . kids now can read and will love this book : at least , every girl to whom i have given a copy has read it and reread it -- on her own . for a modern , well-written book about another girl at an english boarding school , read libby koponen 's blow out the moon . it has the same classic feel , though american heroine is very different from sara in some ways ( though she too is determined to hang onto her identity ) and moon is quite funny
a useful reference work for anyone interested in the literature of the ancient world , the oxford companion to classical literature is arranged alphabetically and contains encyclopedic entries for all of the major authors and their particular works , greek and latin gods , mythological characters , histories of greece and rome , major historical figures , and relevant places . the original edition of the 1930s by sir paul harvey became a classic of its own and was intended by the author to be a handbook of information for readers of the greek and latin authors and of modern works that touched upon the classical world . the current second edition is edited by margaret howatson , who revises and enlarges the harvey edition . she notes that while a few of the entries on technical subjects were written with classical specialists in mind , the book generally requires no knowledge of greek or latin and is intended for anyone curious to find out more about the classical world . an ideal companion for any reader interested in greek or latin literature and history
we are so truly lucky to live in an age when something like this is possible ! without existing virtual technologies , compiling a complete collection of the new yorker would otherwise be a near impossibility due to space considerations , availability , and of course the daunting financial investment . for the price of a modest concert , eighty years of intelligent discourse , satire , observation and fiction are all available . i have nothing negative to say about this ; it does what it promises and does it well . it still amazes me that i now have every issue of the new yorker , and look forward to the continuation of this extraordinary trend of publications releasing the entirety of their output
if you want to get an excellent idea about the history of the domestic interior , this is the book for you . every type of dwelling is to be found , with exquisite detail . from the very simple , to the palatial , one finds great delight in these wonderful watercolors . culled from the domestic interiors of europe , the continent , russia and america , these historic records give the reader an extrodinary glimpse into the past . it is an accurate record of the most minute details , from the floors to the paintings on the walls . scholarly enough for students of interior design ? yes ; but why should they have all the fun
this is a must read book . not just once , but many times . each time you read it you understand and see a different view of the book . one needs to read this book from the heart as the meaning of kokoro means from the heart . the story of a married man , yet lonely . why he feels guilty about the death of his best friend . a scholar with no ambition , rich enough to enjoy a few simple things in life . how he talks about the ending of his own life . he is sure his wife will be taken care of after his death . the student is confused . i am confused . read the book more than once . each time you read , put yourself in each characters " shoe " . written with passion , kokoro , from the heart . is this book fiction or non-fiction , you decide
jesse stone is sort of spenser 's alter ego . he 's younger , and spenser 's never had a drinking problem , but other than that , they 're pretty much the same character , except stone 's about thirty years younger . robert b. parker has been writing detective novels for a very long time now : this is the fourth stone novel , there are 31 spenser novels , three featuring his third character , sunny randall , and nine books that are n't part of a series , some of them non-fiction . that 's 47 books , for those who are n't keeping up with the math . obviously , by now parker knows what he 's doing . he seems able to write one of these every six months or so : he alternates between randall , spenser , and stone with ease , and just floats along . in this outing , stone 's faced with a real problem . paradise ( the town he 's chief of police in ) has been hit by a rash of killings , and it 's soon apparent that they 're the work of a serial killer , or killers . stone has no way of tracking the killer at first , and the killers seem able to strike with impunity and kill whoever they wish . meanwhile , there 's also a scared girl at the local high school , the victim of a gang rape and some threats afterwards . stone has to resolve things , and control the situation so that the girl does n't get hurt . and of course there 's his personal life , which has been a problem for him since the series started with night passage . his ex-wife is a manipulative sociopath , interested in only herself and how she can control him , near as i can tell . in this installment , she attempts to manipulate him more than she should , and things take some interesting turns . i enjoyed this book a great deal , and i would recommend it to anyone looking for some light reading
jane hirshfield and mariko aratani have done a marvelous job with the translation of these lovely tanka-- manages to capture both their fragility and robust complexity . i had a friend who was a japanese scholar , who explained to me once the complexity of translating waka . i have nothing but admiration for those who can do it well . hirshfield actually has an essay at the back of this book called " on japanese poetry and the process of translation " . i recommend it highly , even if you do not normally read this kind of essay . i am a little bit afraid that the focus on the love poems and the emphasis on ono no komachi and izumi shikibu as female writers may give the wrong idea about the strength and importance of the poetry . shikibu is widely considered the greatest poet of her period and ono no komachi was one of the rokkasen-- the six best waka poets of the early heian period . the reason that i am not giving this volume five stars is because of this packaging and not because of the poetry itself . these poems are a joy to read aside from any issues of scholarship . they are strong and sad and very affecting . there is actually no stronger recommendation to read this than the poems themselves , so i will close this review with one of the poems by shikibu :  what is the use of cherishing life in spring ? its flowers only shackle us to this world
before reading this book , i 'd had a much more black-and-white ( sc. , mostly black ) impression of jewish life in medieval and early modern europe . this cogently-writtten volume presents a much more nuanced picture . ghetto walls were an injustice , but also a refuge for many jews from the tense environment around them . oddly enough , this circumstance contributed to the relatively large number of conversions to christianity in the liberal west after the napoleonic liberations ( in contrast to the shtetl jews in poland and russia , who lived side-by-side with gentile neighbors ) . katz 's discussions of of jewish martyrs during the first crusade and the flexibility of rabbinic responsa , among other topics , are also quite fascinating .
this is a warm and readable book about a fascinating subject : what happens at death , or near death ? it is written by a world renowned and respected scholar and medical doctor . and , in spite of the fact that i am a christian , with conservative beliefs , and even though i maintain my faith carefully focused on god , i do nevertheless give the accounts in this book some credence ( along with its companion , written subsequently , " life beyond death " ) . i invite you to read it and see why
i actually enjoyed this book very much . i was in a romance slump and needed something different . well , i got it . there is no need to give a synopsis of the story -- my predecessors have done an excellent job . the only thing i really want to say is that i really , really liked muriel and edward , the dog .
h.g . wells wrote war of the worlds as a warning to the complacent , world-dominating british citizens of his era to not take the status quo for granted . the arrogance of some british politicians in particular rubbed wells entirely the wrong way , particularly their sentiment that the british had an 'obligation ' to 'civilize ' the world ( read : colonize ) for its own good . well 's book was a rock thrown at that attitude-on-a-pedestal , and although he did n't knock it down , he made his point- and in spectacular fashion . in one way , the martians * were * the conquering british , with their superior weapons and baffling ways that must have seemed incomprehensible to the natives of africa and other areas colonized by force . wells ' dark tale was also a warning that even the british- despite their firm belief in their world destiny- could be squashed like so many bugs by an indifferent cosmos that did n't give one whit about the british ( or anyone else 's ) false boast of superiority . in the end , though , it 's a hopeful book- just as the martians died off because they were n't biologically suited to live in this world , wells also foretells the end of the british empire because the british ( alien ) way was not the native way of life in the colonies , suggesting that the british would n't survive there long ; the natives would eventually prevail . and they did . on top of all that , it 's rousing entertainment that can be read just for its drama and suspense . and that 's why it 's still in print a hundred years later . -mark wakely , author of an audience for einstei
this is the stupidest review i have read so far on this site . the person who wrote it has no idea what they are talking about . i seriously doubt they even considered reading the book . ( i have n't but i 've been poor and i 've been on welfare . )  you should know something about a subject before you spout off
i just finished reading the hitorian . the first 400 pages were so compelling , that i could hardly put it down . then..... it became soooo boring . it literally took me the same amount of time to get through the next 200 pages as the first 400 . i just had to keep putting it down and shaking my head , thinking this has to get better , considering how good the first 2/3rd 's were . i also have to say that i was disappointed with the ending - it was way too contrived for me.. . spoiler alert * * * - i found it extremely unbelievable that dracula would 'assume ' that helen died in the fall and not gone after her , as the author states when helen is recounting how she made it out alive from the fall . i mean , come on... dracula is supposedly all knowing and has tracked this woman all over the world . now were supposed to believe that he simply says " damn , she fell - i guess after all i 've been through , i wo n't bother to check - i 'll just find another victim " - sorry , did n't buy it and it really was a big let down after so much potential in the beginning. . overall , the book was really great . fascinating reading for the dracula fan . just wish the ending held up to the beginning .
wendell jaffe swindled a lot of people out of money and then conveniently disappeared from his boat . the verdict was suicide , but the insurance company that had sold him a half-million dollar insurance policy is not convinced . when 5 years passed , the company was forced to pay the premium to jaffe 's wife . two months later , a man looking very much like jaffe is spotted in mexico . the insurance company hires private investigator kinsey millhone to investigate and she does spot a man who appears to be jaffe , along with his girlfriend renata . they escape kinsey 's surveillance and she returns to california . jaffe 's son brian is in big trouble with the police and kinsey concludes that jaffe will return to help his son . as she continues her investigation she becomes acquainted with jaffe 's supposed widow and his two troubled sons . she also comes in contact with some of her long-lost family , and agonizes over whether she wants to establish a relationship with them , and open up old wounds . sue grafton can be relied on to provide a good read , and this book , although not the best in the series , is no exception
this is one of nora roberts ' best books ever ! i have read everything she 's written and this is now my all time favorite . i adore this book . the characters are interesting and very human , the plot is gripping and the background fascinating . callie , an archeologist , comes to a little town in maryland to set up a dig and ends up learning about her birth parents and reuniting with her ex-husband . what i really like about this is the two main characters already have a history before this book so its so much that they fall in love on the spur of the moment , like most romances ( including roberts ) . definitely a book i highly recommend for both the romance and the thrilling plot . it will keep you glued to the pages until you figure out who the bad guys are
as usual , robin cook keeps you on the edge of your seat until the end . excellent reading
i started the book last night , and could n't put it down until 4 am , but at least i finished it ! it was a good storyline , i enjoyed getting a simple glimpse into the media world . it also gives you a good peek into the corruption behind campaigns and politics in general . i really liked the characters in this book , although each one , in my opinion , could have used some more depth . the only reason this book does n't get 5 stars is because as you read it - you start to feel that the second half of the book &lt ; with extra emphasis on the last quarter of the book&gt ; was completely rushed . i really do n't like a sudden closing to a book . however , it really does keep you guessing until the last couple of pages . i just feel that it could have had more of an impact , and more of that &quot ; umph&quot ; had the story been written at the same speed throughout . i do recommend this book for anyone who just wants a good book to read . if you 're looking for something you will remember for life - this is n't going to be it . but if you 're looking for a pleasant way to spend a nice afternoon - - - by all means , try reading mary jane clark 's &quot ; do you...etc.&quot ; final word : i believe her mother-in-law , the other clark , would be quite proud of her ex-daughter in law . the woman can write . however , given her talents , i wish she would learn to write in her own style , instead of in the familiar style of the other clark
truly and surely one of the best comic strips ever ! were you to be sick in bed and need something to make you laugh , this is the best medicine
reviewers are right about this book tracing the origins of the modern surveillance state back to the birth of the modern prison system but they are not mentioning the prime motive for this that foucault points to : profit and capitalism . with the rise of industrial society it was more important to regiment and discipline the masses than 'off with their head ' or hands . the panopticon prison idea was taken to the factory and service industry by industial giants like carnegie and rockefeller and the fruits of this profitable perversion can be seen all over society today : delivery drivers monitored throughout the day by gps , social security cards , public schooling ( founded by the same industrial giants ) intellectual and psychological grading , job placement and conformity , credit ratings , licences needed to do everything but go to the bathroom , a growing snitch culture...foucault 's major thesis is that surveillance ( discipline ) aids profit and any deviation from profit leads to state-sanctioned punishment in the form of increased surveillance . as industry and profits increase so will the surveillance and discipline that make it run smoothly . every facet of modern society works to this end . the irony is , as techno-pundits like mccluhan later pointed out , in the modern world the prisoner with a tv set has as much denatured freedom as the tycoon in his guarded estate and they enjoy a lot of the same things in a world where pleasure is increasingly programmed and vicarious ; in a world that has turned from the moral order to the profit order , where bad credit today is the profit order version of the ancient moral order idea of excommunication . everything that stands in the way of the profit order , whether it be an idea , person , religion , or country is attacked . bottom line , we are all 'human resources ' in the political economy , in the religion of capital : packaged and packed like a bunch of sardines with the capitalist state and its laws protecting the tabernacle of profit over all else . the inanity and inherent fraud of our system , not to mention the explosion of prison populations and an insane consumer society , makes a lot more sense after being traced by a renegade like foucault . of all his books this is also the easiest read . this is a beautiful book by a complicated man . by the way , he taught at the university of buffalo for a short time .
when i thought there were not any more sex &quot ; techniques&quot ; i could learn from a book , this book just amazed me.combined with stuff about how to make a lady feel special out of bed , this book can make you a better lover , husband or sex partner for sure .
hannah arendt 's _the origins of totalitarianism_ is a book that takes a hard look at two rival totalitarian movements in the twentieth century , soviet communism and nazism , and traces their historical roots . the book is divided into three volumes focusing on antisemitism , imperialism , and totalitarianism . the first of these volumes is concerned with the historical origins of antisemitism . arendt examines some of the ways historians have dealt with the historical roots of antisemitism . for example , some historians have argued based on a " scapegoat theory " that the jews were used as an innocent scapegoat for the world 's ills . arendt concludes that such approaches are flawed because they fail to take into account the full historical situation of the jews . arendt explores the rise of antisemitism in the birth of the nation-state , the emancipation of the jews , the rise of the jewish financiers , the roles of jews within society , and the infamous dreyfus affair . of particular interest here is the role of conpiracy theories concerning such individuals as benjamin disraeli or the infamous forgery the protocols of the elders of zion . the idea that the jews constitute a race or are members of secret societies or clubs played an important role in the historical development of antisemitism . the second of the volumes in this book is concerned with the rise of imperialism . here , a discussion of racism and racial thinking is examined involving such racial theorists as count arthur de gobineau and various forms of social darwinism . the role of the boers in south africa is looked at and a thorough examination of the lives of such individuals as cecil rhodes , who called for the creation of a secret society of aristocratic nordic elite , is made . the great pan movements , pan-slavism , pan-germanism , and the pan-arabism of t. e. lawrence are dealt with and their subsequent roles in the creation of the totalitarian states is explored . the final volume of this book is concerned with totalitarianism proper . here , the role of propaganda and the secret police , as well as terror and the concentration camps are dealt with in their place in nazi germany and soviet russia . arendt explores each of these issues and shows why they are so particularly disturbing . arendt contends that totalitarianism sought to annihilate the nature of man completely . repression and terror abound within the totalitarian state and freedom is virtually nonexistent . written during the cold war period and just after the second world war , this book takes an important look into the minds of such totalitarian leaders as adolf hitler and josef stalin . their movements of nazism and soviet communism continue to haunt the modern world even though they have been largely extinguished . the book is important today not only for historical reasons , but also because it gives a unique view of the world within a totalitarian society and the unique political danger that such totalitarian movements and institutions causes for the modern world
i found airframe to be a great book to read on my summer vacation . i was expecting it to be more of a science fiction novel but it is really a book about corporate intrigue and social commentary ( i.e . the media ) . that being said , i was not the least disappointed . in his typical style , crichton takes an aerospace engineering course and boils it down to plain english . i learned so much about the construction of airplanes and the airline industry - it was fascinating . he also does a great job in raking the mass media over the coals - which was fun ( and somewhat ironic from the creator of " er " ) ! the book is fast paced and reads like a movie - which i am sure is no coincidence by crichton ; ) the main character is very likeable and you find yourself rooting for her . there are a number of plot twists and surprises and it certainly keeps you turning the pages . in summary i would not say that this is crichton 's best work , but it is surely a very enjoyable book that i would recommend to everyone
i love this book . i have read this book in three different languages ( german , english and french ) . it 's a completley heartwarming story and not only for kids ! this book has a lot of great quotes like :  " on ne voit bien qu'avec le coeur . l'essentiel est invisible pour les yeux . "  you really should read it
this is not the book for you if you 're impatient with precision and specifics ; if you want good results , you 'll do what michael recchiuti tells you to do . you 'll buy the higher-butterfat butter , you 'll use the scharffen-berger or valrhona and chuck the hershey 's , and you 'll be so glad you did , because every recipe --and i mean every single one of the seven or eight recipes i have tried from this book thus far-- has been fantastic . i would not call this a good beginner 's cookbook , though the photography is gorgeous enough to qualify this as a coffee table book even for those who do n't want to get in the kitchen . some baking experience is helpful , as is a well-equipped kitchen ( stand-mixer , immersion blender , heavy-bottomed pots for sauces etc ) . this is an outstanding book and i highly recommend it .
for those who have not read volume 1 , just get book 2 and get all the great information plus lots more . being a born-again christian , some of the dialogue is beyond my belief system , but just glean the book and keep the great stuff . if your faith is well-grounded , just look at this as a first class medical journal and forget the buddhist hogwash
if you 've been given this book , or recommended it by a friend then you 've been blessed . this book is bizarre , yes , but if it finds its way to you i 'm sure you wo n't be troubled by that minor detail . thank you elisabeth haich , for this book - it 's a gift - i ca n't possibly explain in words the effect this book had on my life , nevermind fathom how the author used words to discuss topics which have traditionally defied discussion . i still ca n't believe that this book actually exists , but i 'm eternally thankful it does
ms. roddick has managed to put together some important issues , outstanding commentators , and good information design in one place with this book . i read it through from cover-to-cover ( i seldom do this ) and found myself both enlightened and inspired . i recommend it highly
i 've read some of the negative reviews listed for this title , and i must strongly disagree . malphurs ' work here is the best treatment of strategic planning for churches i have found to date . in place of the term " advanced " in the title , a better word would be " comprehensive . " nonetheless , malphurs here provides a handbook addressing church planning that is unrivaled today in breadth and insight . as a pastor of twenty years , i wish this book had been available when i first started in ministry . i hope this title is now offered in many seminaries , because its content would be a gold mine for young , soon-to-be church leaders . pastors , church staff members , and lay leaders , this volume is a must-have . in my opinion , it is required reading for anyone involved in church leadership
i am from yazoo city so this book has always been one of my favorites . i saw willie morris at a car wash in jackson , ms not long before his death . i was shy and did n't want to bother him , so i did n't introduce myself and have a chat . i would have loved to have spoken with him . now i regret my shyness - should 've taken the chance . yazoo city has an enduring quality and charm that shows in all his books and stories . no matter where i live , it will always be home . there is a great feeling of safety and warmth whenever i drive into the city limits . it is a feeling of home . not many people have that sense of home these days . i feel blessed to have grown up there
this play was amazing ! i am not a reader , and i could n't put it down . i recommend this play for any actor . it will stretch your mind and acting abilities .
i do n't know why the other reviewers though it was a horrible book . it was absolutely captivating ! i was immediately enthralled in the story , and the has such a profound message .
a great reference book to have for any designer , although a little tedious at times a solid read with a great historical overview of the subject . i would definitely recommend to any enthusiastic designer with a thirst for knowledge on things typographical . since reading , i have become more critical of typography in general and it works as a great guide when in doubt
just when you thought you 've heard all larry has to offer... it gets way better.. . i 've only just started reading it the past 2 days , but i have to say it. . i do n't care who you are that 's funy right there ! ! ! ! ! he 's got hte downhome good ole boy humor mixed 9at least i see it that way ) with a good interpretation of how all " blue coller " working class people are . i may be a yankee.. but i 'm from the great city of pittsburgh pennsylvania..... and we live and thrive on good ole american living . funny how redneck verbage and pittsburghese is errily similar . makes me proud to wave , wear and salute the red white and blue
this book was referred to me by one of the author 's students . i have been practicing karuna reiki for several years . i was thrilled to read this book . the author has introduced many specific healing techniques and symbol combinations that have produced amazing results for my clients . she obviously has an incredible passion for karuna reiki because the book reads as if the energy itself wrote every word .
the 2005 nobel prize for economics was awarded to robert aumann and thomas c. schelling . schelling is professor of economics at the university of maryland and applied game theory to conflict . his focus was on the weapons issues but his ideas have been applied to a host of business issues . in this review , we will apply some of shelling 's concepts to how companies fire employees . schelling says " uncertain retaliation is more efficient than certain retaliation " when bargaining and " the capability to retaliate is more useful than the ability to defend . " now let 's get practical . goodbye scenario  as a verb , " goodbye " is the act of parting . it is also an acknowledgement of parting . a goodbye scenario assumes that once employees physically leave the building , they will never be a factor for the company 's future . the relationship was transactional and the transaction is now over . if the firm defines the termination as a goodbye scenario , the firm should be guided by a business model that says , " what 's the least expensive way of terminating this relationship ? " and board members should ask tough questions about paying too much . auwiedersehen scenario  " auwiedersehen " is german for " until we meet again . " it has a more open-ended quality than the english " goodbye . " in an auwiedersehen scenario , the assumption is that once employees physically leave the building , they may continue to be a factor in the firm 's future . but it is unclear what that factor may be . after their non-compete contracts are over , they may join a smaller competitor and become potential allies or opponents in your firm 's efforts to develop strategic alliances or acquire the firm . they may join firms that touch your industry and become potential referral sources of new business for you or a potential source of caution to others about using your company . they may attend alumni programs at their schools and encourage/discourage graduates from joining your firm . each of these scenarios assumes capability of retaliation plus uncertainty of retaliation . the best practical defense in terminating employees under these conditions is " treat people with dignity on the way out because the assured costs of such positive treatment are less than the potential downside retaliatory risks . auwiedersehen vs it 's nice to be nice  we work with companies that treat departing leaders with dignity on the grounds that " it is good public relations and good for morale if we help former employees achieve a ` soft landing . ' " this positive rationale works only in cultures supportive of such a rationale . the schelling rationale does not depend on an organizion having a specific culture for treating people with dignity . it develops a contingency approach to management based on a risk assessment . there may be times when a " goodbye " scenario does indeed make good sense . there are other times when " auwiedersehen " makes better economic sense . in applying professor schelling 's theories , management 's failure to take defensive measures with those possessing abilities and options to retaliate is is just bad economics . one sees it at work every day . ( ... )
what fun ! this hilarious book is filled with richman 's amusing culinary observations and adventures during his long and impressive career as gq 's food , wine and restaurant critic . it is the perfect winter read and holiday gift . it is witty , engaging and even touching at times . my mother said it was the only thing that made her laugh out loud during her double knee replacement rehab ! i am giving this book to all my friends this year .
this is n't really a novel and it is n't really a collection of short stories , but the vignettes are more fable than whimsy because fables are filled with lessons . alan lightman writes about many possibilities of the alternate reality of time , as he imagines einstein envisioned them . each alternate reality builds off a cliched phrase we use to describe time : time is money , time flows uphill , live in the present - forget the past , time is motion , etc . lightman writes beautifully and his imagined realities are intriguing , each could be the setting for powerful stories . it 's a quick read , a fun read , and well worth the 'time . '  - cv ric
it 's been a while since i 've read one of janet evanovich 's stephanie plum novels , but a sudden need for light reading found ten big ones at the book store . plum 's biggest worries tend to be about whether she is lusting after joe morelli or ranger , how to get the latest bond jumper down to the police station , and how she is going to replace whatever vehicle just got destroyed . definitely light fare , even if her current problem is how to avoid death identifying the thief in a grocery store heist and then turning the local gang leader into a careening pinball in traffic . he not only wants stephanie dead , but he also wants her end to be spectacular . stephanie 's response is to break up with her steady boyfriend , joe morelli , again , gorge on jelly donuts , and go into hiding at one of ranger 's lairs . of course , this does n't work as well as it should because even ranger 's soap is too sexy for words . and stephanie , glutton for punishment that she is , she has to go out and make sure everyone knows that she is trying to keep a low profile . so , you see , this is standard stephanie plum fare - lighthearted mayhem and a heroine who is half macho and half wuss , usually with bad timing . my issue with evanovich 's books is n't with any particular one , but with what happens if you read too many at one time . stephanie 's biggest problem is herself - a decided lack of common sense . which is what you would expect from someone who works as a bounty hunter , but leaves her gun in the cookie jar . in four hundred pages this is funny , but if you 've been reading a lot in a row , the steady diet of vaudeville sight gags is d    j    vu all over again . after a break of a year or so this goes away and i found ten big ones a pleasure to read . it introduces a whole ne order of plot complication and one of the more remarkable bus drivers in literary history . by all means , if you need a break from the weight of the world , take the time to read this .
i 've long been a fan of borges the short fiction writer . but this little book has made me an instant fan of borges the reader and borges the literary critic . i have to admit that so much of petry mystifies me , but within the pages of this book , i felt as if borges ' insight was finally allowing me to understand poetry in a way i had n't considered before . witty , modest and polymathic , borges shines through the pages of this book . you can read it in an hour , but if you read it for 1 week straight , you still would n't be able to appreciate all the gems of wisdom in it . great stuff
i enjoyed this book . it focuses mainly on franklin 's time abroad in england and france and gives an overview on who franklin was and how he interacted on the world stage during the revolutionary period . i believe it 's very accessible and would be a good starting place for anyone interested in franklin 's life . he 's funny
all right... all right , i say . so i 'm writing about a preteen book about a little girl . that does n't make me weird does it ? it should n't since i had to read it for a college course . so i 'm writing because , well , who would 've ever guessed , but i loved it ? it 's a ripping story , man . it is funny , inventive , historic and riveting , all the things i was sure it would n't be when i got assigned the book . so , here i am , blown away by a book about a little girl . i do n't even like history , but it was n't presented as antiquated . it was dealt with as you and i would deal with our history , as pertinent , in the moment , and nothing that has been generated and worked over in a history book . i 'm telling you , the character darby is great , as are all the characters , including the total garps that go around spouting their racist jargon , etc , until darby unintentionally questions everything , causing all matter of problems , like maybe she 'll get knocked off by the klan . the story is actually something you 'll find yourself absolutely focused on . i could n't put it down . i 've read a lot of adolescent fiction for this class , and i can say that if i had a kid , i 'd be pouring this down their brain . so , does that make me weird ? who cares , huh ? i had to read the book for my class , and i 'm happy i did
i decided to read this book because i enjoyed dr. o'connor 's book , undoing depression so much . i am delighted to report that undoing perpetual stress is an even better book . what is perpetual stress like ? the metaphor that dr. o'connor uses is that of an impala who thinks there 's a cheetah behind every rock . the flight or fight response is never at rest . . . and the poor impala 's health is soon destroyed . dr. o'connor argues that our over stimulating world creates the same kinds of stress from unseen " threats " as the world goes whizzing by at 75 miles per hour . in the book , he describes the sources of the stress , how stress undermines your body , immune system , brain and mind , and what you can do to put the stress comfortably in the background . this book will appeal to those who are stressed out , those who experience anxiety and depression at the same time , those who love such people , and those who want to better understand the mind-body connection based on the latest scientific research . undoing perpetual stress is filled with many helpful exercises that will help even those who do n't think they have too much stress . one of the best from my perspective was taking a psychological snapshot of yourself every five years . . . and spotting what was wrong with your life at each stage . i was astonished to realize how many memories i had repressed , but which are still influencing my psychology . and dr. o'connor is good about reminding you to " practice , practice , practice " the exercises and his advice . i have been a meditator for over ten years , and this book helped me to gain a lot of perspective on what the meditation is helping and what it is not . while i have eliminated a lot of the background noise , i have n't dealt with a lot of old issues . it was helpful to find out what those issues are . . . and what to do about them . i found that my creativity and mind were suddenly freed by the process . for parents , there 's a lot of new information here on how various parenting methods influence a child over a lifetime . it 's a lot better than what you read in that first book about how to be a parent . check it out ! this book should be required reading for anyone who finishes high school
when i saw the cover of this book , i had a feeling i would love it . the picture of the little boy on the cover flexing his muscles is something i have seen my three sons do many , many times . when i opened it and started to read , wonderful memories flooded back of when my sons were younger . i laughed and cried almost simultaneously while reading several of the stories . if you have sons , or have friends that have sons , this book is a must . i will be buying my friends who are mothers of sons this for christmas
few works survive two and a half thousand years and remain a masterpiece . this is one of them . thucydides crisp account of the long struggle that brought disaster to his native athens is remarkable for it 's candor , despite events that must have been tragically painful . the text includes legendary personalities ( pericles , alcibiades , demosthenes , nicias , etc ) : their actions , words , and fate . facts license readers to decide what 's important , and the events described are worthy of discerning the essence of humanity . who would have thought the promise of persian defeat ( told by herodotus ) would be squandered in a tedious contest that ultimately proved grave for all involved ? athens ' distinction as the first democracy makes it a vital epic ( given recent attempts to democratize the middle east ) . melos destiny at athens ' hands may give pause . as may the syracuse expedition ( especially book seven ) . i read warner 's translation thirty years ago ( it was 50p then ) , and still turn to it from time to time . also recommended : ` the landmark thucydides ' ( robert strassler , victor davis hanson ) . this is a volume for those willing to spend a bit more to obtain the history matched with maps and footnotes
i too have stood at the dessert table of a buffet hopelessly unable to eat as many servings as i wanted . this is a perfect metaphor for the book " when all you 've ever wanted is n't enough " . the book is about the spiritual yearning you feel inside , that always seems to want something more . until they arrive at that " something more " , people can never truly feel content . as is the case with most of kushner 's writing , he uses a book of the old testament to further his explanation . in this case , he effectively employs the seemingly paradoxical book of ecclesiastes . this book of the bible finds its author searching for more in life . in the end , the author finds that it is not so much the end as the journey itself that has importance . kushner 's overall point is best summarized on page 189 . does it make a difference if i am honest , good , or faithful ? it does not seem to matter to my bank account or fortune . " .. . it matters if we are true to ourselves , to our innate human nature that requires things like honesty and kindness and grows flabby and distorted if we neglect them . it matters if we learn how to share our lives with others , making them and their world different , rather than try and hoard life to ourselves . it matters than we learn to recognize the pleasures of every day , food and work and love and friendship , as encounters with the divine , encounters that teach us not only that god is real but that we are real too . "  it is a simple yet beautiful message . people that live this message will certainly discover the beauty in their life
this is * da book * on &quot ; the dick van dyke show&quot ; , but it 's really far more than that . it is the finest book on a tv sitcom i 've ever come across . waldron painstakingly discusses everything you 'd ever want to know about the show , and he interviewed ( seemingly ) everyone connected with the show , including carl reiner , mary tyler moore , dick , larry matthews , rose marie , and many of the writers . if you 're a dvds fan , you 've gottta have this tome on hand . i ca n't recommend it highly enough . i fervently hope vince will do subsequent books on &quot ; cheers&quot ; and other sitcoms...he 's the only man for the job
i purchased this book after having seen super size me and i was a little worried that there would be nothing new for morgan to present . i , however , was proven wrong . this is a very good read that is able to put down more statistics and specifics about the food industry that the movie was not as focuses on . the movie , of course , was focused mostly on the fast food industry . morgan spurlock is always a surprise . you seem him with his long sideburns and know he is from west virginia and you just expect the stereotype . he is not a stereotype . the book is written in a very clear voice , the same intelligent humorous voice that came across in the movie , " super size me . "  my one disappointment is that i was hoping the book would have more details about the diet that his girlfriend put him on when he finished his 30 days , but now i see she has her own book . ah , marketing ! i think you can read this as stand alone but as everyone notes , it works great in conjunctions with the movie to help you not forget
the nature of a people is seldom easy to describe because the attempt is often sabotaged by either the outsider 's incorrect perceptions or the insider 's preconceptions , depending on which is constructing the definition . what we find with w.j . cash 's the mind of the south is no different , although it is a pleasant journey . sparkling with some of the most fluid prose ever found in historical writing , cash 's work deserves recognition for this reason alone ; yet there is value in the exposition itself , even if it forgets a full two-thirds of the south 's population in its description ( blacks and women ) . what the modern reader is left with , then , is not so much a description of the " the southern mind " as it is " the white southern male mind . " and while cash 's work does not quite apologize for the many neuroses of that mind , it does attempt to explain the effects it has had on our perception of the american south , with a small dash of glory added for good measure . first , it is important for us to take into account the wonderful introduction to the work by bertram wyatt-brown . wyatt-brown shows that cash 's battle with depression was a salient part in understanding his interpretation of the south , as was his upbringing . wyatt-brown seems to agree with my assessment on the insider/outsider effect :  " the origins of cash 's interpretation of his culture and region lay not only in the objective fact of southern intransigence about issues of race and change , but in the very makeup of his mind . like so many creative depressives , he stood apart from the society around him . such a position of detachment can provide a special angle of vision that those immersed in society can not obtain ( cash xxvii ) . "  wyatt-brown , with this statement , makes cash an outside-insider , by virtue of his being a manic depressive . he is a southerner , and therefore capable of the same preconceptions of his own people as any southerner ; however , according to wyatt-brown , by reason of his mental condition , he is elevated away from this status and into a new status altogether , a presumably better one . i would agree with this , if the work itself is to be taken as proof . cash is capable of wonderful insights into his own culture and society . however - and this is crucial ! - we must not gloss over the fact that by omitting women and blacks from his work , cash loses some credibility . it is here , it seems , that cash could not escape the insider mentality . this work is characterized by one over-arching theme : southern culture , though as elusive in most respects as any other , is penetrated throughout with one defining and collective temperament . in essence , this work is interpretative rather than linear , as it attempts to analyze rather than delineate . this elevates cash from the traditional historian ( in the mold of clement eaton ) to sociologist or social commentator ( in the mold of david halberstam ) . that is not to say that cash does not know his history or pilfers it from others ; it seems impossible after reading the mind of the south for one to imagine cash using such smooth language while pulling facts from anywhere outside his own mind . the disjointed quality usually apparent in any attempt to fuse sources without an overall voice is thankfully absent . cash is who we hear while we read , and it is his elucidative brush-strokes that paint the image of the southerner . much is left out of this short review of cash 's work , as brevity is a consideration . a more complex examination of the work would require many more words than i have time for at the moment . but i do feel obligated to at least sum up the trajectory of cash 's masterpiece . the first few chapters lay the groundwork for cash 's southern temperament - individualistic , violent , quasi-aristocratic , provincial , just to name a few - while the remainder of the work displays the evolution of that temperament while it is worked upon by forces both outside it and from within , and its own natural need to adapt . the yankee plays his part , as does uncle tom and the fugitive slave , the southern belle and the garrison abolitionist , the carpet-bagger and the scalawag , the confederate soldier and the lynch mob , the fire-eater and the bible-thumping revivalist . it is impossible for any society to exist in a vacuum , or as a prehistoric insect preserved in amber . that being said , it is still remarkable that the american south came as close as it did
this is another collection of barry 's columns and a surefire hit for any fan . as usual , his columns pack a punch and end with a zinger or inside joke . mr . language person makes an appearance or two in this collection , and barry also takes on tv commericials , his relationship with his wife , and ( always a winner ) the life of his teenaged son . recommended
while i agree with several people who do n't consider this chick-lit , i do n't see why that is a bad thing . i enjoyed radish 's writing style , purple prose and all . if you 're expecting a dickensian journey into a complex character , this book is not it . however , it does provide a snapshot of a woman forced to assess her life and choose between the road less traveled and her current miserable life . yes , the ( positive and negative ) circumstances of meg 's life were unrealistic , but i felt they were dramatized to make a point . we all have strong , kind , and amazing people in our lives , but we have to look for these things in people . i had an aunt just like marcia , who fought her battles with a fantastic sense of humor , courage , and love for everyone around her . the message i took from this book is this - life can be all you want if you simply take the time to nourish your own strength and that of those around you . it does n't take money to be powerful and satisfied with your life
kudos to finkelstein for having the courage to tackle such subject matter . the fact that he himself , a descendent of holocaust survivors , has been attacked and derided for writing it just goes to prove one of his underlying points : you can not criticize the state of israel or its proponents without being labeled an anti-semite . any discussion of their illegal occupation or the countless un resolutions condemning them is tantamount to sympathizing and promoting terrorism . by far one of the most interesting sections is the portion dealing with the swiss banks ; this version also has an updated appendix that covers rulings left out of the hardcover edition . finkelstein does come across overtly hostile at times but his anger is justified and those holding it against him seem to blow it a bit out of proportion . very odd that those on the far left and far right both give accolades to this work . hilberg 's endorsement carries a tremendous amount of weight , and those unfamiliar with his seminal multi-volume set the destruction of european jews would be well served to check it out
not only was the book cheaper on amazon than the bookstores but i ordered this book for my boyfriend from here and i got it earlier than expected so that was great ! he says it has great step-by-step images and that 's a positive for him since he learns more from visuals . also , it has instructions that he 's able to follow and understand . we both just wish it had more " food art " in the book but , overall , it 's a great book
we have enjoyed another of eric carle 's books--brown bear brown bear what do you see--since my son was a few weeks old . so , when my son was about 7 months old , i bought from head to toe . it was a wonderful purchase ! after a few reads , my son was imitating the animals just like his mama--waving his arms like a monkey and on his hands and knees like the cat . it was so wonderful for me to see that my son was understanding and processing the books i read to him .
a moving story of a family of all boys from new zealand who have a young sister named meggie . they are hardworking lower class people who work the land and shear sheep . when the family moves to australia to inherit property , young meggie becomes bonded to the local priest from the first day she saw him . as she grows up , the friendship blossoms into a school girl crush , then a first kiss . meggie wants the relationship to go further... but she is not able to get her wish . young meggie is in love and is not able to forget fr . ralph no matter what she does . she soon moves away from the family homestead by becoming married to luke o'neal , a substitute for fr . ralph . her marriage to luke is terrible and she is extremely miserable . fr . ralph , in a moment of weakness and concern for meggie 's health , comes back into the picture . he can not forget the love he had for meggie either . both are not able to say no and their passion overwhelmes them . the consequences of their act plague them for a lifetime... a remarkable story showing the vunerability , yet obedience to the priesthood
if you are a runner , you may have experienced the mental benefits that running provides . you may have also felt a spiritual presence while running , perhaps saying a prayer or working through personal problems while on the trail . in this extraordinary book , joslin explores this mind/body connection and gives many different ways to experience the spiritual side of the sport . he shares meditative techniques developed over many years and very rich personal experiences with excerpts from his running journal . the book is well thought-out and written with a great deal of humility and care . this is one that i will read again and again . it changed the way i approach running . i also think about this book throughout the day , even when i am not running . a great book
i am a total addict of leslie sansone 's walk away programs - i had many exercise videos , but never stuck to anything until i found her energizing , fun , and most of all easy workouts . in her personal , talking-to-you-like-a-best-friend style , leslie shows you how regular exercise benefits you in all ways from your health to your body to your mind and then presents her easy to follow basic workout which consists of three walking steps that are interchanged and sometimes modified while doing the program . there is no dieting in this program ! she is a strong proponent of getting up and moving to better your life and shows it here by offering a few modifications you can make to your way of eating to help you lose weight , but no real diet , which i think is great ! it helps to show that the real health factor is getting the exercise you need , not feeling deprived of the food you want which is why many diets fail . she has many success stories to motivate you peppered throughout the book and closes with a discussion about how stress affects your life and how you can beat it through exercise . i love leslie ! she is personable , motivating , and a great teacher - i am forever grateful to her for getting this former couch potato , at-home mom to stick to an exercise routine that i know will always benefit my life
to think about racism is to be thoughtful . to be thoughtful is to be engaged in the process of learning . to refuse to reflect on and examine your belief systems is to be ignorant
this book was originally published ca 1980 as england and always . i have not seen the original so i ca n't tell how much of this book is new material ( beyond a chapter dealing with peter jackson 's films ) . lobdell has examined tolkien 's writings from several interesting and unusual perspectives . one of the most interesting deals with the influence of edwardian adventure fiction ( haggard , etc . ) on tolkien . another fascinating chapter deals with middle earth as a christian world in a pre-christian age . there is also a short fiction story in an appendix which is meant to be a sort of parallel to tolkien 's own abandoned sequel to the lord of the rings , the return of the shadow . i enjoyed this story , though of course lobdell as a fiction writer can not measure up to tolkien . ( but then , no one can ! )  i am a long time tolkien reader and addict ( since the age of 12 in 1969 . ) most of the time i do not care for tolkien " criticism " and " literary analysis " , which to me seems to suck out the magic , but lobdell 's work is different . the world of the rings enhances middle earth and intensifies the love i feel for it
the watercolors are beautiful , but more amazing than that is the way the stories are told . zen shorts has really caught my kids . even my youngest , ( 7 years ) who is drawn to all things panda , is requesting the stories again and again because they make her wonder . there are some wonderful kid 's books out there , but this is something special
this is an excellent book examining how and why some people come to believe that they have suffered appalling abuse that most probably never happened . it does not deny the reality of or harm caused by sexual abuse ( the author explicitly states this on many occasions ) and the reviewer who suggested that this is " a terrific book if you are child molester " probably ( i guess ) did n't bother reading it and made up the especially foul accusation to prevent others from examining the issues surrounding repressed memory and the cult of therapy . the author shows how even trained professionals can disregard overwhelming evidence against a particular hypothesis ( repressed memory/mpd/satanic cults ) and rely on their intuition to ( unintentionally ) wreak havoc with their clients lives . in the upside-down world of some therapists , lack of hard evidence is trumped by strength of feeling for even the most outrageous accusation . pendergrast demonstrates how uncertain and malleable human memory can be . the book is written in an easy style and despite what another particularly stupid review suggests , concentrates specifically on the scientific evidence for his claims
masterfully thought out & written . not your usual supernatural , horror king story . written in 4-5 completely different chapters there is some supernatural , but it begins as a story of some friends in childhood , follows them through the years & culminates with them as adults . each chapter is completely different yet ties some characters in . at the end they are all tied together in some ways years later . it 's ingenious in it 's finale and i advise you set aside some time for reading . it 's very difficult to put down . once it grabs your interest , it just sucks you into the story . if you remember your childhood friends ( we all do ) you 'll identify with the story
phyllis chesler is a most unusual feminist . she really does n't fit in with the equity feminist crowd and is a complete dissenter from the female superiority , gender feminist crowd . the one thing that makes her consistently worth reading is her passion for telling the truth . this seems to be her most pervasive ( and endearing ) feature as an intellectual , and the trait was ubiquitously on display throughout her recent " death of feminism " release . here she tackles a verboten subject which is whether or not women are the unbridled source of goodness that many feminists assume them to be . numerous examples of misapplied and unprovoked indirect aggression are identified and elucidated in the text . on the whole , it makes for compelling reading . we find that women are regular human beings just like everyone else . they have many of the same , yet subtlety different , characteristics as do men . in these pages , chesler illustrates the magnitude of inter-woman hostility as their strong social skills can often be applied in a negative manner . many mother-daughter conflicts are projected into adult situations . why feminists would n't have wanted this published seems rather silly to me . we should regard women as they are and not as objects of fantasy . chesler never implies any inter-sex superiority or inferiority , she is content to describe what is , and it 's great stuff indeed .
i have just finished my sophomore year in college and in my first course relating to information and computer security we used this book . i would recommend it to anybody who is interested in getting into the rapidly expanding field of infosec . as they say with the cissp certification , it is an " inch deep and a mile wide " . this book covers many , many topics however it is really intended to be an introduction to these concepts . it gave me a good overview of information security concepts and prepared me for senior level infosec courses as well as preparation for graduate school . * note that preparation for the cissp exam would require much more then just this book
ask your favorite liberal or socialist the following objective question and you 'll quickly find out how totally vile many liberals , socialists and do-gooders are :  " if you , as an elected government bureaucrat could send a poor , black child to a violent , academically inferior government public school ( k-12 ) for $ 15,000 per child per year of taxpayer money , or , send that same poor black child to a nurturing , academically superior private or parochial school ( k-12 ) for $ 7,500 per child per year of taxpayer money  to which school would you , ms. liberal , send that child ? "  for over 13 years liberals , socialists and most do-gooders have bravely answered : " i , as a good liberal , would send that poor black child to the violent , academically inferior government school ! "  save a poor black kid for $ 7,500 per year ? or destroy a poor black kid for $ 15,000 per year ? and most do-gooders and liberals choose expensive destruction ? have fund asking your liberal friends the above question and watch the squirming .
girl sleuth is a must-read especially for the over-50 nancy drew fan . rehak 's research is remarkable . however , on p. 47 , rehak has mildred augustine headed west to the university of iowa from her hometown of ladora , iowa . she would have headed east . i have been teaching 30 years in the school district that now includes students from the town of ladora and have my own degree from iowa . i 've traveled highway 6 between ladora and iowa city many , many times . marcia nilles what cheer i
this was my first julie garwood novel and it was very good . i thoroughly enjoyed this authors descriptive characterization . the playful bantering had me laughing uncontrollably and falling in love with the characters even more with every page i read . with all the other reviews , i do n't need to explain the plot . it is n't anything new for the romantic suspense genre , but very entertaining and an enjoyable read . it has mystery , intrigue , suspense , action , and romance . what more can a reader want ? is it worth the money ? definitely . ca n't wait to read more .
i have had this book for 9 years and it continues to be my favorite . i have several other quotation books , but i always keep coming back to this one . it covers many topics that are categorized in a user friendly format which makes searching for the perfect quote a breeze . i recommend this book for the quotation fanatic
raskolnikov , an impovershed student in 19th century st. petersburg , conceives a plan to kill and rob a shrewish hag of a pawnbroker . he justifies his plan because he is an ubermensch and she is a louse . the world will be better off if she is dead and he is able to finish his education . killing and robbing her will accomplish both purposes . after all , the ubermensch owes it to society to commit any crime that will ultimately benefit society . the crime is perpetrated and the rest of the book deals with raskolnikov 's angst over his guilt and his redemption through suffering . almost every major character in the book is more likeable that raskolnikov . the philosophy of dostoyevsky 's book seems to be primarily a refutation of hegelian and proto-nietschian philosophy and an affirmation of christian values . along the way he also manages to work in a rebuttal of social-darwinism . having known , prosecuted , and defended hundreds of murderers , i was much taken by raskolnikov 's psychological progression from crime to atonement . much of his self justification rang true to my experience . i have known many killers who thought of themselves as superior beings above the law , and many others who justified killing on the grounds that the victim lacked human worth . so long as the killer can keep the victim dehumanized , the killer can live with the deed . when the killer begins to regard the victim as a fellow human , guilt sets in and many confess--often years later . raskolnikov 's behavioural symptoms did not , however , ring true to my experience . although some killers are guilt-ridden to the point of distraction , they can usually control themselves much better than raskolnikov . his actions practically shouted his guilt . the interplay of the large cast of characters gave the book great psychological depth , but dostoyevsky did n't beat the reader over the head with the psychology . he did n't tell you what the characters were thinking . their actions showed you what they were thinking . in my experience , most modern psycho-dramas ladle out the psychology in huge dollops . modern writers would do well to re-read dostoyevsky . the abridged audio edition read by michael sheen is three hours long , and the tale does not suffer much from the massive abridgement necessary to get the story on three cd 's . my greatest complaint with the edition is that sheen reads the story with a british accent , and the characters all speak with british accents . it was somewhat hard to adjust to a russian novel read with a british accent .
turning angel was a page turner for me so i bought blood memory . wow ! it did not disappoint me
i had to read this book as an assignment for a seminary class on leadership . i was sceptical that a children 's book about witches would be applicable to a master 's level college course . my scepticism was unfounded . this is a good , fun read . but , more than that , this is a story that tugs at heart strings and teaches through the trials and personalities of it 's characters . i recommend it to " children " of all ages !
in faith in nation , anthony marx delivers a spirited rebuttal of the " literary trope " ( p 15 ) about a liberal , inclusive western nationalism . instead , he argues that even the " truest " brand of western nationalism-that of england and france-came to being only after brutal fratricide of massive scale . his entire theory is based on a central position that nationalism developed much earlier than is popularly believed today . this leads one to question why does he insist on such a position ? has he made the case for it ? what happens to his theory if the position turns out to be wrong ? i will argue that the definition of the state , or the lack thereof , is key to answering all of the above questions . only by implicitly loosening the definition of the state , can marx trace the genesis of western nationalism back to as early as the 16th century , thus cementing the linkage between western nationalism and religious violence . however , the liberal adaptation of the concept of the state puts marx 's entire theory on shaky ground . according to marx , the state is the raison d 'tat of nationalism : for nationalism to become a historical force , it " must ... refer to a state as an existing structure or potential object of engagement " ( p 8 ) . although he declares early and clearly what nationalism is ( p 4 ) , he never spells out his definition of a state . in fact , what we would think of as a modern state today can hardly be found in 16th century europe . only when the definition of a state is sufficiently loosened , can marx backdate nationalism to the 16th century , when most of the political authorities at the time existed in the form of royal courts . only after he pushes back the genesis of nationalism , can marx connect the religious violence of the 16th century to nationalism . only when the religious violence is viewed as part of the history of nation building , does it acquire significance in the nature of western nationalism . otherwise , the st. barthelme day massacre or the burnings at smithfield is just another " normal " religious upheavals in history , thus any association the massacre or the burnings may have with nation building would be purely coincidental-as liah greenfeld implied when marx quoted her in saying , " frenchness was disassociating itself from catholicism . " to anthony marx , however , french nationalism and its french catholic identity are not external to each other . they are just different stages in the same dialectic process . therefore , real " frenchness " is actually the public oblivion in france of the strange relationship between the church and the state1 . yet all the grand reasoning depends on marx 's definition of the state . after all , can we call the royal courts of the 16th century " states " ? not only has marx not given his readers a clear answer , some of his own writings seem to contradict each other . for example , marx mentions that the treaty of westphalia marks the beginning of the modern states ( p 35 ) . but the french war of religions and the reign of mary tudor-the very conflicts that are supposedly at the core of nation-state building-occurred almost a century earlier . even if we use the later date , 1648 , as the beginning of the state system , one still has to be cautious to label all subsequent political authorities " states " . regardless whether louis xiv actually said " i am the state " , the fact that monarchical authority is directly associated with an individual ruler makes it transient in nature ( relative to institutionalized modern government ) , therefore it can hardly be designated the " object of engagement " for nationalist ideology . since marx 's concept of the state is on shaky ground , his entire theory appears highly questionable . i would argue , however , there are two options that can salvage his arguments . one is to weaken the link between nationalism and the state . in other words , nationalism may develop independent of the state . this observation may have a wider application outside of the context of western history than inside of it . the other option is to introduce a third element , such as political culture , that can bridge the violent past and state and nation building in later times . for example , one accepts that the massive fratricide did happen earlier than the emergence of the nation-state . nevertheless , the bloodshed molded a new political culture , which manifested itself as a more inclusive nationalism when the nation-state took shape later . if such an interpretation proves to be a more sensible reading of history than that of marx , then marx 's criticism of western nationalism can be easily appropriated to deconstruct the western political culture-the liberal democracy-itself : that it has a ugly past but short memory . however , is the world ready for such a " total recall " ?
tony judt 's " postwar - a history of europe since 1945 " is the well researched material from a british conservative born 1948 in london and educated at cambridge and paris on political , social and economic developments in europe following world war ii . steeped in information about little understood countries , the book would be a great read for non-europeans interested in how the continent recovered from the war , especially in east germany , the balkans , and the eastern europe countries that were strongly influenced by the ussr . the book makes the point , that without the threat of the ussr in eastern europe , the us isolationist might have prevailed , which would have adversely influenced the recovery of west germany , and communism might not have collapsed so quickly . although the book is relativly easy to read , its 800 plus pages are peppered with little over-the-top clauses that add about 200 unnecessary pages to the work . nevertheless , as non-professional historian , i would rank the book slightly under 5 stars .
as a pharmacy student , i found the washington manual to be the best pocket guide for looking up guidelines and treatment options , as well as interaction charts and pregnancy categories . this is a well written book that covers most of the major cronic health conditions and treatment . this book does not waste time and space talking about every detail of each disease state , but rather focuses on the causes , measurements and treatments . my only criticism is that this latest edition is dated 2004 and in medical therapeutics , is considered old
this book tells us the truth that has been hidden from most u.s. citizens for so many years . each chapter tells about a different regime change given us all the dirty little details , names and places of the participants . this book helped me and will help all of us to finally understand " why they hate us " . i only regret that their is not a sequel
i could not put this book down ! i was so amazed with this shocking story that i bought several copies for gifts . reading this book was like watching a scary movie .
i was stunned at how much i enjoyed this book . i had avoided it for years since i was not a big fan of the movie . this book really explains well both the history of the civil war ( troop movements , etc ) as well as the personalities of its participants . it is an intimate portrayal of these characters , especially lee and jackson . i found it to be quite compelling and i 'm looking forward to book three of the trilogy
i took the 2 tom cover 's classes in information theory at stanford last year . we used this book as the text for both classes . the first class covered roughly the first 8 chapters and the second class the remaining ones . this book assumes that the reader has a clear understanding of basic probability theory . tom 's classes were among the most enjoyable i took last year and i recommend this text to anyone interested in knowing about information theory . if you just want to know the basics , read through chapters 1-8 . the reader interested in understanding the power of information theory is adviced to read the whole book . a final comment , it is clear to me after my experience with tom 's classes that mastering information theory is a daunting task . and in fact , this book provides the interested researcher just with the basic knowledge needed to enter the field
i think one of my major problems was the level of opinion being shot at the reader in the book . but then at times that made the book more entertaining - its acerbic opinion of the right , how reagan getting elected made her feel stupid about being american , a funny british couple . the description of small details from each of the characters ' childhood was something i could relate to because i think of that myself . there were clever tidbits from anthropology , and economics , and generally all fields of intellectual inquiry , all somehow connected with the patchwork of love and relationships , and thus brain meets heart and you end up with something almost like the bible for our times . the focus on the main character made it so that every detail about him was described . anyway , i am rambling , so , a note about the ending : i did find myself thinking this is getting very strange as the book got towards the ending . it might have made more sense if nelson actually was interested in the new girl the narrator finds for him , and the story then comes full circle . it would end in a nice ironic sort of way . however , his rejecting her makes in my mind for what would be a bad traditional ending . i do n't mind this , since the one time i wrote a story for a creative writing course i ended up with a terrible traditional ending . now , could he have been anything other than a mystic ? i felt that there was some hint towards hinduism and spirituality building up towards the end . he mentioned india and hinduism unexpectedly and repeatedly at one point in the book . so his becoming a mystic was alluding perhaps to the ashramas - and his transition from intellectual worker to a mystical worker to eventually a sage , as he attains nirvana and becomes the buddha of our times . so in this way an ending emphasizing the spiritual , is perhaps the best . in line with the book , the spiritual is the eternal , and only accessible through life-changing ( near-death ) experience . what you do from 25-50 ( making a model village in rural africa ) is transient ( can never be perfect ; infighting ; hunting ; guns ; the " dark-side " of human nature will come back even in utopia ; i like the flexible hours ; work when you want ; accumulate credits ; do manual labor once in a while ; start the day with reading , not the end when you are tired ; siesta , fiesta etc . ) no matter how good you are . the girl herself is secondary to the book - ironic since the book promotes feminism , is written by a guy with a female narrator but a male protagonist , who she is fixated on and has doubts about . but in the end the jesus character is still male . while the female goes back to palo alto and takes an average job in service of the savior . the man has the final laugh . do you favor a better ending
in her latest book , tracey wood demystifies the process of teaching kids to read . as parents , we 've all been told that reading is critical to a child 's success in school , in a future career and for pleasure and enrichment throughout a lifetime . we feel a great deal of pressure to help our children achieve this important skill , but typically do n't know how to go about it . tracey presents a refreshingly straightforward , step-by-step approach to teaching reading skills . the book is chock-full of word lists , fun activities , games , and creative ideas to engage a child 's interest and get him reading . there are helpful book recommendations for readers of all levels ( including parents ! ) and pointers on spotting reading problems early , with practical suggestions for getting help . the book is spiced with humorous anecdotes parents can truly appreciate . tracey 's compassion and commonsense shine through and take the stress out of teaching kids to read . i highly recommend this book to parents of beginning readers .
there is no way , you should limit yourself to just one source , this book is a second source book , ( maybe even third source ) . that said , it 's great for looking up names , ( there is a lot listed ) for finding names that may not be household , then looking at better sources for more info . there is no book that has everything , every name , every movie star , if so , it costs 500.00 or the book weighs about 10 pounds . you do n't want to buy a library ? ok , then , it 's ok by itself , its fun by itself , to just do browsing , almost , ( but its not ) a coffee table book . it works well with other book sources , to check , and maybe another source will prove it wrong , or " who 's who " proves the other book wrong , when double checking . i did n't find loads of errors in here , a few , the biggest problem ( as others mentioned ) is very brief or not complete career lists , movies or tv they did is not complete . it 's not a great book , it 's a great second source book , a double check or name finder book , for movie and tv stars . at a fair price , it should be in your collection just for the reasons i mentioned . buy it ? yes , buy it
if you are a gourmet chef this book may be far too basic for you but it is great for a beginner like me . i have two kids under the age of two and have been able to cook a decent meal from this cookbook every night for the past month that i have owned it . my husband has been very impressed with my new found cooking abilities and all but one of the meals i have fixed has been good . i would recommend this book to anyone who has lost faith that they can ever cook well
this book is a perfect trade off between simplified " for-dummies " type writing that simply acquaints you with the subject matter and a comprehensive text that thoroughly covers the subject . if you are a cpa hopeful , a governmental finance professional or a political science graduate student this is the text for you . although layout and vocabulary could be simplified for improved readability , once you become familiar with the authors ' style the reading is enjoyable .
there was not a single poem i did n't like , and most of them i loved . her poems seem to touch upon the core of things . i feel comfortable with saying i think she is in the same league as mary oliver , hafiz , stafford , and rumi .
in the last few decades historians --following sociologists such as durkheim-- have turned their attention to the ways in which new technologies have altered people 's experience of space and time . schivelbusch 's small piece is a pretty good ( but light-weight ) example of this genre . he reveals some interesting trivia along the way : he tells , for example , how padded upolstery was invented to assuage the fears of first-class passengers brought about by the roughness of new speed ; he shows that compartment design in passenger cars reflect the contrasting social values of europe and america . but he is at his most interesting when describing the ways in which the railroad created new conceptual forms of geographical distance by obliterating the spaces in between destinations . furthermore , by creating the need for standardized time-tables , railways nurtured a standardized/homogenized conception of time . local idiocyncracies became less important . doubtless true national identities could never have emerged without revolutions in transportation and communications . a book that takes these ideas much further is stephen kern 's excellent work &quot ; the culture of time and space.&quot ; if this genre interests you , kern 's book is an important read
this is my favorite of the series thus far . without wanting to give too much away , this is the book in which you finally learn just exactly why roland is willing to give up anything and everything ( and clearly has ) just to get to the dark tower . king mentions that the dark tower series is sort of like his middle-earth , where all of his stories originate in some way from this massive odyssey and world , and you see what he means with this book . fan 's of the stand will recognize signs of the super flu within the first few hundred pages , and one of my all time favorite king villains comes back to pay his respects
i really like this book it was well written and enjoyable.the characters in it were very interesting to read about . i like the way that imogene and maxine stayed friends all the way through the book . the two girls really seemed to bring out the best in each other.maxine never thought imogene was crazy because of the strange things that happened . maxine just believed her and helped her through everything . overall it was a well written book with very good characters and it showed what friendship really is
great gift from grandmother . children love this book . it 's a great book for anybody learning the english language . every class should have this book . this is a gift that everybody appreciates . get the book down for the child to look at and learn . great teaching tool ! exceptional pictures ! i always buy two--one for the new grandchild , and a copy goes to the school , when they start school . you have my vote for the very best
immanuel kant is truly one of the most influential moral philosophers in history ; and with this book , groundwork of the metaphysics of morals , he positioned himself far further . in this book you will find things to be deeply contemplated , about " good will " , the moral value of conduct and its metaphysical aspects . this translation of the kant 's original grundlegung von metaphysik der sitten to english is quiet easy to understand , so it is relatively an easy-reading book
said gives good insight into politics , especially in the middle east . i did n't enjoy the literature section as much because i was n't familiar with the authors .
hal zina bennett 's profound advice from his prolific writing career ( over 30 published books ) is , &quot ; write from the heart&quot ; . as wonderful as that sounds , most writers know it 's not an easy thing to do . hal takes us to another dimension by sharing his personal process and showing each of us how we can remove the blocks to our expression and creativity by learning how to speak from our heart to the heart of our reader . i can speak from my own personal experience , having attended his workshops and received personal counselling from him in the process of writing my book , &quot ; sacred woman , sacred dance : awakening spirituality through movement and ritual&quot ; . &quot ; write from the heart&quot ; also offers practical guidance in several areas . this includes such things as the need for solitude . however , he is not just talking about having &quot ; a quiet space&quot ; , he goes beyond the physical to the inner - a state of mind . he says , &quot ; once we know what it is , what it looks like and feels like , we can create it for ourselves , almost--i say &quot ; almost&quot ; --regardless of where we happen to be.&quot ; i would certainly recommend this book to anyone writing for personal expression or looking to be published
in light of rev . falwell 's unfortunate comments about the tragedy of sept. 11 , 2001 , i recommend this book to anyone seeking to understand , &quot ; why would that guy say that stuff ? &quot ; harding presents an objective , intelligent , perceptive analysis of the way that fundamentalist language shapes the way in which they relate to the world , and how jerry falwell changed that shaping from withdrawal to the active moral majority of the 1980s . harding combs through falwell 's history and sermons to observe how the language of &quot ; being born again&quot ; affects the listener , showing falwell 's shift from separatism to political activism . she critiques both falwell and falwell 's critics in a fair and keenly insightful way . good reading and good understanding
i agree with the reviews already written . i too got bogged down with trying to keep track of the names . it is when i got to the end i found the listing of the people . if i had known that earlier it would have reduced my mind confusion . really enjoyed the way the book was written . you felt their pain with out seeing their blood . i better understand the explosion
kurt vonnegut 's book slaughterhouse five is a great piece of literary work in itself . his unique style of black humor , combined with his vivid imagination is second to none . this book was exciting and unpredictable as i continued to read ! its main purpose involved the struggle of a man with his grip on reality . is he , or is he not crazy ? the imagery in this book was another great element , and many regard this as one of the greatest anti-war books of the century . this book is definitely worth reading and will not disappoint ! you ca n't go wrong with kurt vonnegut 's slaughterhouse five
first off this is " a history of hollywood " not " the history of hollywood . " david thomson is n't writing the chronological , straight-up , blow-by-blow account of hollywood movies . " the whole equation " is an essay that takes as its question , " are hollywood films ever art like a beethoven symphony or a picasso painting ? " he says they are both more and less than that . more because american film captures the tension between wanting to make money and wanting to say something which allows for the unintentional to happen . that serendipity is wonderful when it works which is n't often . less because there are always artistic compromises as someone is always looking at the budget and thinking about the profits . and unlike most film critics he is just fine with this tension . his argument is that to understand and appreciate american film , you have to understand that it 's always about the money and about the art . that means it is never truly art in any pure way ( but is any art truly pure ? ) . to tell you the truth , i do n't think the book succeeds that well on that level . he points out various people and their struggles with this dilemma through out the history of american film but he does n't developed a coherent argument that builds on his initial insight . for me , that just did n't matter . what makes it a terrific read is that david thomson knows and loves film . he writes with a adolescent thrill and openness about his subject that makes it fun and poetic . he uses the film " chinatown " as his framing device and as that is my all-time favorite movie , i was in heaven . he is not a deep thinker but his book crackles with his delight in sensations whether of the movie theater , the audience , the actors , the costumes , the music , all of it . he constantly raises questions and throws out insights that just tumble onto each other until you realize that like watching a film , you must just suspend your disbelief and enjoy the ride .
i read any way the wind blows & not a day goes by before i read abide with me . if you happen to come into the series of e. lynn 's books and want more of the scoop on basil 's problems with his past , raymond 's lifestyle , the true 'not-so-divafied ' evil side of yancey and they 're mutual friends...then you should start with this one ! it 'll help you put 'two & two together ' on the lives and backgrounds of all of the characters
" underground education " does not so much offer a radical intellectual perspective , as is perhaps implied by the title . but rather is a collection of funny stories and oddball facts about various people and events from the past . some of the historical figures are famous , such as george washington and cleopatra . while others , like the several female serial killers discussed , are more obscure . the book is divided into 10 chapters , including the arts , religion , science and sex . actually , this book reminds me somewhat of the " people 's almanac " series written by david wallechinsky . but here the emphasis is definitely on the strange and often perverse . it 's a fun read for those interested in this sort of knowledge . but some entries are overlong and most readers will probably want to read the sections of greatest interest rather than cover to cover . still it is a worthwhile purchase .
national geographic magazine has long been recognized for the quality of its color photographs by its brilliant staff of photographers who manage to go to places both known and unknown and open vistas of other cultures , other peoples , other landscapes . in this very large and exceptionally affordable volume are some of ng 's finest images plus many dazzling photographs not previously published in the magazine . the result is a panorama of the world as few other books can supply . covering nearly all the countries of the world , wide angle uses its descriptor to unfold some remarkable images of fields and terrain and the peoples who inhabit them , all composed beautifully with ngs typical 'hidden camera ' technique . this is a travel volume for those who plan to visit the out of the ordinary places as well as a scrapbook for those who have been to the more accessible places , but is it more : this is a closer look at the planet we inhabit that is so magnificent it urges us by images alone to protect the beauty we threaten to destroy . recommended . grady harp , january 06
colonial fantasies is a powerfully argued and engaging dissection of colonial psychology , critiques of orientalism that isolate gender and culture , and the western feminist adoption of the rescue paradigm . one of yegenoglu 's incisive arguments is that desire is the nexus in the process of colonial discourse that constitutes the western subject as well as the possible resistance or interruption of this process . as desire frames the relation between the subject and its other , yegenoglu argues that the veil interrupts the relation . as a barrier from which the other can see but avoid being seen , the veil is the site at which the colonialist desire is made manifest , but simultaneously displaced ( 62 ) . her argumentation is lucid and compelling : for the colonial gaze , the veil is both the tantalizing object of desire ( in the fantasy of unveiling ) as well as the bte-noire , because it precludes the climax of the voyeuristic project . the veil therefore frustrates the identity-forming process of the subject-object positioning in colonialist discourse ; the subject can not quite see the object , and its subjectivity thus remains in question . interestingly , this overtly phallocentric logic of identity forming through scopic penetration has been inherited by western feminism . as the veil has come to signify the backwardness of islam and its inherent oppression of women , the visibility of the veil itself comes to embody difference . in this dynamic , the identity of the liberated western woman is constructed vis--vis the oppressed muslim woman ( 102 ) . since the status of western women is contingent on the continued representation of muslim women as oppressed , yegenoglu reveals that the western feminist establishment has a vested interest in the exceedingly patriarchal ideology of colonialism . yegenoglu then exposes the fallacy of assuming the unveiled woman to be normative ; such universal constructions serve particular political ends in outmoded enlightenment ideology . she argues that unveiling and veiling are both cultural practices particular to certain cultures and historical moments ( 115 ) . this facilitates the deconstruction of the binary by unfixing the poles . in sum , yegenoglu 's critical analysis of the colonial fantasy has produced a thorough tome sure to provoke further discussion among post-colonial theorists
this book is not only interesting but gives a great deal of insight into life on " death row , " at least in the state of mississippi , and the appeals process involved with stays of execution and commutation of sentences . it touches on activities of the ku klux klan . it was my impression that the author leans toward those who favor the abolition of the death penalty . however , some sympathy is found for the victims of crime . the story centers on sam cayhall who is sentenced to death after several trials over a number of years following the crime . sam 's grandson becomes his attorney during the last months of appeal from " death row . " the latter part of the book leaves one wondering whether or not there will be an execution . meanwhile sam shows repentance and response to the prison 's chaplain . i found it to be one of the better john grisham books .
a work of art , makine 's use of language is stunning . not a quick read , i frequently had to stop and ponder many profound passages . literature as an art form is not dead
mrs. kent 's story applies to each of in the hard places of life . we all have an " isaac " - the person or thing closest to our hearts , our future hopes and dreams - that must be layed down . in telling her story , mrs. kent illustrates the difficulty of this , yet demonstrates that it can be done . she does n't gloss over the pain , yet does n't leave us there , either . she shows us there is hope
quite often , we read books for young people where the main characters must lean to care for others and not just themselves-where the main character must break away from childhood egocentrism and emerge into the adult world . in katherine paterson 's lyddie , readers find the opposite theme : learning to not lose oneself in the responsibilities of the adult world . the novel follows lydia worthen , a teenager in 1840s vermont . with her father gone to seek his fortune , lyddie , with some help from her brother charlie , must take charge of the family farm , her emotionally unstable mother , and her younger sisters . to cover the farm debt , lyddie 's mother leases the farm and sends her oldest children into forced servitude . after a year of misery working for a local tavern , lyddie becomes a mill hand in lowell , massachusetts . while there , lyddie 's sole focus becomes earning the money to pay off the farm debt and reunite her family . her hard work and single-mindedness earn her a reputation as a " skinflint " and " amazon . " it 's only after the farm is sold , her youngest sister dies , her mother is sent to the asylum , her remaining siblings are adopted by another family , and her job is lost over fraudulent charges that lyddie begins to look out for herself-that she begins to ask what she wants for herself . while lyddie is not paterson 's best work , the book does provide lively insight to factory life in lowell , where many young women flocked in the early 1840s for economic opportunity . while readers are not thrown into the heart of the labor movement , we are able to see the conditions that led to organized labor : the long hours , the sexual harassment , the illness and disease resulting from mill work . still , all of this background provides a fitting setting for the story of a young woman who must learn that she has more to offer the world than her back-breaking labor . if you 've enjoyed paterson 's other works of historical fiction , lyddie will not disappoint .
this is an excellent book if used correctly . when you apply everything that the books says to your life it will change things for the positive . it is a realistic approach to evangelism that really works
i adored this book . the character development is strong , and delightful ! with the exception of the villain , all characters are likeable . i could n't wait to read the next book in the trilogy
when you read any of amy tan 's books it makes you feel like you are a part of the story . this book was a great read because it evokes emotions of excitement and sadness for the main character all at once
fabulously entertaining novel from martin amis which easily eclipses the rather depressing ` information . ' john self is a blatantly materialistic hedonist who works as a profitable director of commercials . he is an alcoholic , a misogynist , and a microcosm of mainstream american culture in the 1980 's . john has also landed a gig directing a feature film , titled ` good money, ' and ` bad money, ' depending on what day of the week it is . amis ' writing is mordantly brilliant ; both acerbic and biting . there are transactions in here that i just love , such as john 's stinging interactions with his girlfriend selina :  " ` i 've just gone off sex, ' said selina this morning , as she finished the tea i fondly brought her . ` so ? ' i asked her . ` god , be nice . use your imagination . it 'll pass . i 've just gone off sex . ' then what do you think is the point of you ? i wanted to say . but i did n't . i resisted the temptation . i looked into the proud drama of her face , the valves and orbits of her throat , the wetlook runnels of her hair , the breasts , heavier than ever , solidly mounted on the ribcage , the naked slopes of the belly , the sudden flaring of the hips , a smell of sleep . ` then what do you think is the point of you ? ' ` you ' , she said , ` are unreal ' ( 226 ) . you should read amis for his remarkable power of description , his talent for black comedy and middle-aged disillusionment . pay little heed to his flights into post-modernity , they are merely exercises in literary chic .
i was recently diagnosed with knee osteoarthritis , and i started following the nutritional suggestions in this book . i think it 's already starting to help ! plus it tells you how to perform strengthening exercises for your aching joints . i am a big fan of dr. nelson 's other works . i like how she explains the science and the applications . i plan to share this with my mom , who also has osteoarthritis
i think some of the previous reviwers with negative opinions are taking this book waaay too seriously . as political thrillers go , this is one of the best of the genre . it 's packed with insider information , from power-mad politicians and the amoral king-makers who advise them , to nerves-of-steel assassins avoiding the meticulous pursuit of the fbi . granted the premise is implausible : a group of former seals assassinate a group of congressmen and senators who the seals believe have sold the country down the river ( or , in the southern vernacular , because " they needed killin ' " ) . while one can argue whether the seals have the high moral ground in this setting , it does n't detract from the page-turning non-stop action . like a thrill ride at disneyland , this book should not be examined too critically . just get in , hold on , close your eyes , and enjoy the ride
i ca n't say enough about this wonderful book . it 's packed full of examples , covers more than just the pre-adoption and placement aspects , and is incredibly non-judgemental . there 's so much information here , more than i expected . it really helped me think through all of the issues related to adoption . it 's for both birth and adoptive parents , in fact , two of the birth parents we 've been in contact with were excited to hear about it and ended up ordering the book themselves . reading through this book really helped me conquer my fears about adoption . i 'm so glad it was recommended to us . if you 're thinking about adoption , even if you 're thinking that open adoption is n't right for you i highly recommend taking a chance and buying this book . it 's great
this book was the best financial planning book i have ever read . it had real life situations that helped out alot . i did n't realize how much in debt i was until i read this . i did n't have a problem with making payments and even paying extra on them . but i never planned for a disaster or loss of a job . if you spend a couple of years paying off your debt , that is years of happiness just knowing you do n't others money . this book helped me realize this . thank you larry burkett for this and all of your other books , god was really with you during your writting
william manchester , the greatest narrative historian of or time , provides a vivid account of his experiences in the pacific theatre during world war ii . as with all of his books , we see , hear , smell , taste , and feel the experiences with him , as if we were there . although more personal , of course , than his other narrative histories , goodbye darkness provides the same factual details , and each sentence , paragraph , and chapter is crafted with the same beauty and skill that is manchester 's hallmark . an amazing memoir by a truly great writer .
beautiful . kushner attacks many of the world 's carnal attitudes and inputs thoughts and principles that help combat them . though he is not christian , this book is full of principles that help you avoid being conformed to this world and be transformed by the renewing of your mind
exciting and highly entertaining story about 3 men who travel to the centre of the earth through an extinct volcano . here they come across prehistoric forests , a giant subterranean sea inhabited by prehistoric marine dinosaurs , and some ancient offshoots of man . although some of the science bits are outdated , implausable and sometimes drag a little , the book is still surprisingly modern and fresh after 140 years . maybe the first adventure novel of this kind and certainly of influence on modern culture .
if you read one book on food ethics in your life , it should be this book . singer and mason 's book is an excellently researched and foot-noted exploration of three different american diets , tracing these diets back to their sources and showing the many hidden affects that our food choices have on our environment , our neighbors , the animals that many of us eat , and ultimately ourselves . this book shows how these seemingly innocuous choices really do make a difference in our world , and then guides the reader towards resources which might help them make different choices , if they so choose . this book is not only full of an amazing depth and breadth of information on everything from organics , to local food , to intensive factory farms , to fair trade products , it also is immensely readable . the meetings with the three different families are very vivid and help to humanize these issues further . i highly recommend this book to every thinking person who eats . which is , really , all of us . please read this book ! do yourself , your neighbors and your planet a favor ! ( : , jennife
design is a difficult process that is often associated more with art than science . with principles of style , concerns about how design works . while many wring their hands about this , alexander breaks the problem down , organizes it and then provides a framework for design that is relatively design neutral . that is a feat in deed . by thinking about how one structures a problem space and the bias that creates -- alexander give the practioner a powerful tool for setting up the design process and scope . he then goes on to discuss the design process and he makes important distinctions between concious and unconcious design . notes on synthesis and form are the foundation for alexander 's work on design patterns . this is the must read book before spending time on these other works . for the practioner , this book provides a powerful and applicable framework for addressing problems in multiple disciplines .
another great story . stephen king is not typical in this book . the development of the characters is awesome . you felt everything that dolores was going through and you know you would have done the same thing . you route for her . she is spunky , bitter but she means business . great book . i highly recommend this book . i read it in about 6 hours
i bought the book the other day and breezed right thru it . it 's great in that you can skip around the book to the sections you need to read ( or refresh yourself on ) . i keep it handy because i often refer to it . it is thorough in explaining various aspects of reading music , playing , etc . the humor interspersed makes it enjoyable to read rather than boring but the humor does n't detract from the content and lesson . glad i bought it and you should buy it , too , if you want to teach yourself how to play
the waste lands , the third novel in stephen king 's the dark tower series is by far the best volume yet . this volume picks up a short time after the end of drawing of the three , and we see roland training eddie and susannah to become true gunslingers in roland 's world . soon into the novel , the three gunslingers encounter one the guardians of mid-world , a huge cyborg bear , who is guarding a portal that goes between the different worlds . roland explains that each of these portals is connected to the dark tower by a beam , and if they follow the beam , it will lead them directly to the dark tower , they just do n't know how far away it is . as the three gunslingers start to follow the beam , we , the readers , are taken to our own world and reintroduced to jake , the ill-fated child from the gunslinger . jake is currently having a mental breakdown ( as is roland ) due to the fact that roland saved him from dying his destined death at the hands of a cadillac in the drawing of the three . one part of jake tells him he should be dead , the other says he should be alive . jake 's mental breakdown leads him on a journey across new york to a haunted house that has many connections with other characters in the book , and in this house , jake believes he can get back to mid-world and be reunited with roland . the final part of the journey in the waste lands , takes our group to a city called lud , on the outskirts of the waste lands . the group believes they need to find a monorail named blaine in the city , and he will help them on their journey to the dark tower . once they enter the city , much goes wrong and we are introduced to a really cool , but really evil character called the tick-tock man , who runs lud . all of this leads up to a ridiculously exciting conclusion and a killer cliffhanger that makes me really glad i waited to read these until they were all published . as far as action and suspense goes , the waste lands takes the cake easily from the previous two books . most of all , this book makes us appreciate the character development from the previous books . we care so much about these characters , and would be devastated if anything were to happen to them . this book also goes a long way in providing some much needed answers about the dark tower in general and mid-world . these answers are both satisfying and frustrating . they are satisfying that you are n't completely clueless as to what is going on , but there are deeper answers to everything that we are given in this novel , so it just makes you want to read on more . the series just keeps getting better as it goes along
edward gorey uses gothic illustrations to tell the tale of a strange creature who appears one day in a family 's home . the prose is an amusing rhyme which describes the family 's confusion and frustration at dealing with this unwanted guest . although the illustrations are gothic and dark , the reader is still amused by the creature and the family who must deal with it
first off , i have to admit : i am 22 years old and read the entirety of this book in one 7 hour sitting on my way to paris . i picked up the novel out of sheer curiosity and personal research for my job . i work at barnes & noble and am in charge of both the teen and children 's sections . when our store sold out of new moon within a week of initially getting the book , my curiosity was piqued -- i felt i had to give its predecessor a try so i knew what the hype was about and could give an honest opinion about the book . now here i sit and i have finished both twilight and new moon . i have to admit -- meyer has a talent . both books i read at breakneck speed , barely stopping to eat or sleep . her prose is smooth and easy , accompanied by a plot that i found engrossing . i went back after reading twilight and re-read my favorite sections more than once . the love story was hypnotizing and surprisingly seductive . i definitely plan on recommend this book , mainly to teenage girls who will swoon over edward . however , i only gave the book four stars . while i enjoyed it immensley as i read the novel , a few things bothered me upon looking back :  1 ) while meyer deinitely has a talent for writing an engaging novel full of beautiful descriptions , the character descriptions at times felt extremely lazy . if i had to read one more time about edward 's marble , angelic face ( what , exactly , does that mean ? ? ) , his liquid topaz eyes , or how bella glared at edward , i thought i was going to pitch the book down the aisle of the plane . 2 ) i 'm not sure i buy their romance . it was heartstopping and climactic during the read , but honestly , what does he see in her ? if bella keeps asking that question to herself , maybe her audience shoud seriously consider it . 3 ) bella herself bothered me . i found bella to be horribly dependent on edward to the point that i got irritated with her . and her constantly having to catch her breath around edward -- puh-leeze . be a woman ! stand on your own feet ! she never fully developed into a character for me since she revolved solely around edward , something that i , as a self-sustained woman , can not connect with . and lastly , 4 ) bella wants so desperately to become a vampire , but that seems like it could pose a problem between herself and edward . since i have n't seen any evidence that edward likes bella for any other reason than that she smells wonderful ( a scent that she has because she is human and has blood coursing through her veins , mind you ) , what happens when she no longer smells good ? meyer is really going to have to prove to me that edward actually loves bella for other reasons than her smell , otherwise it will be completely unbelievable if bella turns into a vampire and edward is still attracted to this ordinary girl.. . although the plot has its shortcomings , i still thoroughly enjoyed it and that is why i give it four stars . i will read the next one when it comes out , and any other subsequent after that , for the simple reason that the books are entertaining and edward is so dang alluring
boston is trembling under the shadow of a serial murderer with a notably gruesome method of dispatching his victims - brutal , savage rape , an obviously knowledgeable , skillful removal of the uterus while the victim still lives with the coup de grace coming as a slashed throat and severing of the carotid artery ! little wonder the media has awarded him the moniker " the surgeon " . in the course of their investigations , detectives thomas moore and jane rizzoli discover an earlier case with a virtually identical mo in savannah in which the murderer , andrew capra , was ultimately killed by a stalwart would-be victim who fought back and shot him before he could finish the job ! they are startled to discover that the surviving victim , dr catherine cordell , is a noted cardiac surgeon currently practicing in a major boston hospital , and beyond all belief in the possibility of coincidences , she appears to be the target of the now active killer ! once again , gerritsen has unerringly brought her intimate knowledge of medicine and the hospital milieu to the table . but , contrary to what one might fairly expect from gerritsen 's past work , has successfully served up a compelling investigative police procedural which lovingly details the forensics , the pathology , the profiling and the gut-wrenching detail in the relentless task force style search for a psychopathic serial murderer ! several superbly paced sub-plots are inextricably woven into one another as the story unfolds - cordell 's slow recovery from the assault she endured two years ago and her halting re-integration into life and the hospital work force ; jane rizzoli 's bristly temperament as the lone boston female homicide detective and her work-life struggles against the " old boy " attitude of the police force ; thomas moore 's extended grieving period over the untimely loss of his dearly loved wife and the difficulties he faces as he recognizes his entirely inappropriate blossoming romantic feelings for catherine cordell ; the task force style investigation of " the surgeon " and his relationship with the long dead georgia killer ; and , cordell 's daily life in the cardiac ward and the emergency room of the hospital and the brilliantly described relationship she maintains with her working partner , dr peter falco . not only does gerritsen handle all of this with skill and aplomb but , with every passing page and each successful murder , she ratchets up the suspense as we realize the killer is taunting the police , honing his skills and reaching for catherine cordell as his ultimate target . yet he constantly remains one step ahead of the investigation . a great addition to the library if , like me , you love your easy reading page-flipping thrillers ! paul weis
engrossing and amusing travelogue by world 's crankiest traveler . some people really hate theroux , accusing him of snobbery , self importance , and bigotry . i can certainly see why some readers would n't be able to deal with his style and opinions , but i must say that this volume might be a pretty good litmus test of readers ' tolerance for the author 's travel works . ( if you can enjoy this one , you 'll probably enjoy his other non-fiction works ) . i , for one , totally enjoyed hearing about grunge-y has-been towns , obnoxious holiday camps , and seedy hotels . to me , the book was a real page-turner , and he writes so vividly of scenery . i felt he wrote about the worst bits of his trip with true humor , reminding us travelers that it 's helpful to keep a sense of humor during the rough times . i felt the book was a pretty decent scouting report for the island 's shoreline , and i now know what to avoid there . i can definitely thank theroux and his fussy standards ! if you like theroux , it 's a good bet you 'll love this one .
my father was a chef , and although we did not have much money , i was brought up appreciating good , fresh , healthy food as well as cookbooks -- my father had a library of cookbooks , gastronomic dictionaries , even cookbooks in french ( he was trained by a french chef in the 1950 's ) . with that being said , i am obsessed with eating , and occasionally cooking , good food . this cookbook is the one i use over and over again . i have cooked almost every recipe in the book , more than once , which is a true testament to a wonderful cookbook . the beauty of it is that is is simple -- most ingredients are things you would have on-hand . most recipes are for the novice cook , but can be challenging enough for a true obsessed gourmet . the other aspect is that he balances flavors and spices perfectly -- nothing is too overly spiced , heavy , etc . when i cook for guests , i use this cookbook because it is manageable but makes me look like a genius . people always say to me , " this tastes better than restaurant food ! "  get the hardback version -- it will last longer and make you feel like a true cook ( as we all can be .
guido von list was the leader of the armanen-orden , the single most important magical order of the 20th century . this book deserves to be on every thinking germanic heathen and magician 's bookshelf.. . many of list 's ideas influenced the most important thinkers of the modern heathen revival , including edred thorsson.. . the armanen-orden still survives in germany , and von list 's futhork is no less powerful today than it was when it was revealed to him in 1903 . in english speaking lands the knights of runes continues his tradition . buy this book
my husband took the book out from the library for me and after reading the first few chapters i decided that this was a book to own . as you will keep going back to re-read the roadmap to help you on your new venture ( s ) . very insightful for all levels not just c-level positions
in general the book provides some simple tips of how to help your children to learn reading by having fun and develop a taste for reading . it worked for me , and i would recommend it for parents that are eager to provide their children with a push for developing this important skill
this is a great devotional book . the book uses an engaging , real-life story to set the context . i read it with my kids every night and they look forward to the little story and they take turns guessing the correct behavior . the included bible reference provides the ultimate answer and it is a great way to introduce bible teaching to the kids
the advice seems to be good advice to use in any relationship . you also have to know your own situation very well and know when not to use his advice . my ex would feel crowded if i sent her a bunch of sweet cards like the book says to do and would feel like i was trying to manipulate her , therefore i took it easy on the cards . my ex may never get back with me because we are long distance but i feel i am loving her much better than before because of this book even if she does n't realize it . remember to never tell your lover that you read this book , especially if he/she is nervous about being manipulated
i 'm glad i bought this book and i will continue to refer to it . the remit of the dummies series is to provide a guide to its subject matter without any great fuss . the text focuses on practical techniques without unnecessary diversion into the detail of molecular biology or computer science . in this respect it would have been a difficult book to author , readers having come from one discipline or the other . i agree with previous reviewers that this is well worth reading before doing a bioinformatics course or degree . bioinformatics is a new field , and this book has delivered a useful introduction to it without recourse to expensive textbooks full of unreadable filler
i wo n't spoil the ending , but some many other reviewers did n't like the twist . however , the reader who needs to have everything wrapped up and be 100 % happy should read runaway jury . however , like the firm ( another great book ) that ends with the characters on the run and in trouble , this book has a very realistic ending that you did n't expect . this was my favorite grisham book , followed by the firm , runaway jury , and pelican brief . i found the broker to be too much of an italian lesson , the brethern simplistic , and the street lawyer was a giant sermon about helping homeless people - with very little story holding it together . if you like the firm you will like the partner
here is the disclaimer : i was already a proponent of tort reform before i read this book . however , after reading this novel , i am a stronger proponent of it than ever . enter clay carter - unknown defender in d.c. of the poorest of the poor . then a nice juicy settlement falls into his lap , one he ca n't refuse , partly because the parent 's of his long-time girlfriend are pressuring him regarding his money . give carter a taste of money , then the greed sets in . for the middle half of the book , we get to see unadulterated greed come to run his life ! especially infuriating is how he lets that greed come before the well-being of his clients . this is what will be his undoing . one of his clients who was already ticked off at a settlement he made gets a terminal illness and decides to go after his lawyer . this is the rags to riches to almost rags in the course of about eighteen months . grisham actually makes you feel sympathetic with the main charater ( clay carter ) through his rise , and especially his fall . that shows to the quality of his storytelling . in fact , while carter is in some ways a sympathetic character , he mostly is not ! mass torts and greed is the theme of this story . the fact that he came back to haunt him was only justice . too bad such justice does n't often happen in the real world of mass torts
this book is rather different . although it 's about copernicus ' book " de revolutionibus " , very little astronomy is discussed . there is also very little about copernicus himself . the main theme of the book is finding as many still-existing copies of copernicus ' book as possible , and describing each one in detail - the ultimate purpose being the publication of a so-called " census " of that ancient book , i.e. , a snapshot in time that identifies and describes each individual copy and where it is located in the world . since i know nothing about antique book collecting , i learned a lot on this field by reading this book . i was not aware of all the work and travel required in finding a given copy of a book , especially identifying the authors of any hand-written notes on its pages . i did find certain lengthy descriptions rather monotonous , but some of the author 's adventures are quite intriguing , particularly where he makes use of his notes to identify possibly stolen copies that eventually surface at auctions or elsewhere . some aspects of life and technology in the sixteenth century that are important for the theme of this book , as well as discussions of some of copernicus ' contemporaries , are touched upon . but as the author states , this book is really a memoir of his census project . i think that this book would be of most interest to those with a passion for ancient books and ancient book collecting .
like pretty much anything in which neil 's involved , this a fine and useful work . the reviews of teddy millon 's axis ii taxonomic extensions are worth most of the considerable price of admission here all by themselves . but after 30 years in the field , i 'll warn any newcomers that getting any too rigid with treatment plan rollouts will make you as nuts at the people you 're treating . as -guidelines- with notions about starting points and signposts along the way , however , these are very useful . neil 's six-step treatment outline seems a bit oddly ordered , and i was n't able to find a rationale for determining diagnosis in the final step ( when you have to lay one on the client 's payment guarantor at the outset ) . but otherwise , the six steps are another handy construction among several now available . if you 're fairly new in the field , this will be a real handy reference , but do n't stake the clients ' lives ( or your own serenity ) on this when they start to go refractive .
diane ravitch discusses the development of censorship in textbooks and on tests that has been slowly integrated into the educational system . she speaks about the rights of the first amendment pertaining to free speech , and provides a detailed history of how censorship has become a part of the textbooks and tests that have been developed . the book is informative and thought- provoking . ravitch starts by discussing the creation of bias and sensitivity boards and how they have come to dominate what can and can not be said in certain literature for education . she goes on to talk about certain topics and words that must not be used . this list is ridiculous and completely irrational . due to left and right wing intervention , almost everything of interest has been stripped from the educational requirements . ravitch discusses in great detail the effort of both sides and what their motives were in demanding that certain changes be made in textbooks and tests . she goes further to detail the goals of each side and how they were met . she argues that such censorship keeps children from learning historically accurate facts because adults would rather paint a picture of utopia and keep children from feeling any emotions . ravitch presents a good , convincing argument with concrete reasoning to support her views . to the best of my knowledge and research , she has done a great job at gathering accurate information about what has been going on in publishing companies and the struggles they have faced from bias and sensitivity reviews , feminists , minorities , and other groups . her reasoning is inductively strong with few logical fallacies . occasionally , ravitch begs the question through circular reasoning and attacks the motives of some publishing companies . although she has clear concise points , ravitch intermittently distorts the timeline within chapters , which is slightly confusing . her claims are logically consistent and her argument seems complete with all the relevant evidence presented . throughout research , ravitch manages to also find publishing companies who have tried to change standards and incorporate more accurate facts in textbooks and what happens to these companies when they go against the bias and sensitivity rules . the argument ravitch presents is a historically accurate account of censorship in textbooks , fairly and effectively arguing her point . today , more and more people are beginning to notice what is going on with censorship in textbooks and are speaking up and taking steps toward removing these censors . textbooks are becoming more accurate , and classic literature reintroduced to the classroom . ravitch calls for the dispersion of the " language police " and a return to the " freedom of speech " that everyone has the right to exercise .
born to kvetch is , at one time , informative , enlightening , synical , humorous , and irreligious . i learned so much about the yiddish language , jewish mores and their beginnings , jewish and yiddish history and interpersonal relations . at times i was in tears of laughter or a tear of sadness ; amazed or embarrassed and often shocked by michael wex 's irreverence . loved it all
one of the few roald dahl books i read , it remains one of my favorites from childhood . i saw the movie too , and the movie is very funny , and i felt it did the book justice . matilda is about a precocious little girl named matilda who has a crazy family ( who does n't support her at all and certainly does n't respect her intelligence ) . at a very young age , she is able to read very advanced books and she wins the admiration of her new teacher mrs. honey . the only problem is her dim parents and the evil mrs. trunchbull who rules the school with an iron fist . and then there 's matilda 's new found super powers . it 's very funny , the predicaments matilda gets into and the things mrs. trunchbull says , even if she is cruel . it might be a little scary to very young children , but it depends on the child
mystery-writer biographer cece caruso is in the midst of book on nancy drew author " carolyn keene " ( actually a pseudonym for numerous authors ) when her bookstore-owner friends ask her to deliver a vintage nancy drew book to collector edgar edwards . cece is more than happy for an excuse to meet the eccentric millionaire collector . they strike up an immediate friendship , and after showing her his collection , he shows her something really special--a nude portrait of the model who posed for the original nancy drew covers . cece is scheduled to give a luncheon speech at a nancy drew convention in nearby palm springs , and edward invites her to use his vacation house there . delighted at her good fortune , cece packs up herself and her two friends , lael and bridget , a boatload of vintage clothes ( which she collects , though she told edgar she collected nothing ) and head for a fun girls ' weekend . unfortunately , someone throws a kink into their plans--a big kink . a dead body . edgar 's body . the suspects are many , including edgar 's boy-toy friend and his majordomo ; a wild-eyed nancy drew fanatic who would n't have wanted that nude painting made public ; her less-than-honest , performance artist daughter ; bridget 's new boy-toy boyfriend ; a shi-shi art dealer . and , of course , cece herself , who could have endeared herself to the police had she not insisted on solving the mystery herself . but her curiosity about the model in the nude painting , the artist who did the painting , and anything connected to nancy drew gets the better of her . the second in the cece caruso series is a fun , fast-paced puzzler , and cece and her " chums " give nancy a run for her money . the nancy drew trivia is fascinating , and the many references to vintage clothing makes me want to learn more . my one beef--cece leaves town , twice , and stays gone for hours on end without making arrangements for anyone to take care of her dog and cat . i mean , maybe she did make arrangements , but if it was mentioned , i missed it .
i consider myself an optimist and insightful person , but somehow managed to miss many of postrel 's insights . she gives me even more hope that the future is going to be more wonderful than i previously thought . she does keep that hope in check , though , by talking about the enemies of the future- primarily protectionists and those that see free trade as a threat , instead of the blessing that it is . she thoroughly destroys the notion that 'there is nothing new under that sun' . while the universe , therefore our earth , is necessarily finite , we misunderstand this finiteness because we misunderstand the different combinations things can be arranged in . for example , a deck of cards has only 52 cards , but the number of combinations you can put the cards into is 52x51x50x49x...x3x2x1 , which is a number larger than the number of particles in the universe ! so whenever you shuffle a deck of cards , you can rest assured , that that is probably the one and only time that arrangement of cards will ever be in existence... ever . people are so inventive and creative and always looking for new things . obviously , there will always be new things . every time someone declares that we are nearing the end of history , science , technology , etc . it 's safe to say they have no idea what they are talking about . we need to let people be as creative and as inventive as they can . it will only make our lives better , on the whole . there will always be setbacks , but as long as people can think , we will always find a way to make out of those setbacks . the book is a stunning , intelligent look at modern life . i liked it so much , i bought the substance of style , which is , yet , another insightful look at modern life .
after seeing the movie , i decided to pick up the book . this book proved to be very funny , as the protagonist wrestles with issues that many , many women her age face today . fielding ingeniously draws readers in with very true , often serious real-life topics ( being single and not liking it , infidelity , betrayal ) and is yet able turn it into light , funny reading . that takes talent , in my book . in the wrong hands , this novel could have been a very dreary book that no one would want to read ( in light of the above topics ) . you cant help but root for bridget . i recommend this book and its sequel . most everyone will get a good laugh out of it
much of the book 's material is not restricted to educational research . it is generally applicable to anyone who wants to perform experimental studies in the social sciences . where you need to deal with human subjects . granted , in the book , these subjects are often primary school kids . but the guidelines given in such matters as the general steps for qualitative research , data collection and data analysis are quite general . likewise further in the book , when it discusses quantitative research . the book 's discussion of statistics is necessarily abbreviated ; directed at a reader unfamiliar with chi square tests and the like . but still easily understood
mccain et al write very well and i was impressed by his style . the writing was not the only style with which i became familiar but the " style " of the man himself , john mccain . this was a truthful , revealing account of a man of honor who is presently in an oft less-than-honorable profession . we can only hope the remainder of his career echoes with laud that of his grandfather and father . i believe this read is one to add to one 's readings of autobiographies / biographies .
this book is about yoga for the heart , which is rare in our body sculpting culture , yet paradoxically heart diseases are one of the greatest risk factors for our modern health . a simple , profound gift of yoga is the recognition that the body is the temple for the indwelling spirit . realizing this simple truth profoundly affects our relationship to the body . through the author 's lifetime committment to the teachings of yoga , we glimpse the relevance of the yogic lifestyle . this book serves as a guide in making healthier choices in everyday life . by walking for awhile with nischala , we touch a deeper realization of the unity that yoga brings . i recommend this book to any yoga practitioner , teacher , as well as anyone who seeks greater peace of mind and physical well-being
this is what happens when uneducated reactionaries dictate to a concept that is beyond their comprehension . it 's just more sanke oil from the same pigs who gave us the scams of deregulation ( capitalism governing itself ) , privatization ( the giveaway of what our taxes bought to those who pay little or no tax ) , and globalization ( repositioning the republican party to a time predating the emancipation proclamation ) . hitler and mussolini would certainly approve
i first saw this book reviewed in the early 1990 's . it aroused a double response of curiosity and suspicion . like many a cynic i asked myself , " now who 's this guy and what 's he spinning ? " against my natural inclination to dismiss it , i ordered pog . on receiving it i began reading and found my suspicions confirmed : here was another triumphal and insensitive adherent to the doctrine of the sovereignty of god . strangely , however , i could n't stop reading . despite months of scrawling angry counter-arguments in the margins of its pages i was drawn inexplicably to the sensibility of its core premise about god 's delight in being god . to make this story short , i found myself , in the end , exhausted but surrendered to the portrait of god that piper paints with the full palette of scriptural truth . and finally happy too , with the beginnings of the joy piper wished for his sons in the foreword . salvation history testifies to the fact that a distinguishing evidence of the truth is that it is often hated - at first . the fact that pog eventually had such an unnatural ( or supernatural ) effect on someone like me - initially so inclined to resist and rebuff - speaks more to the validity of this book than if i had joined immediately in the chorus of deserved admiration . this is not a critical analysis of pog ; others have provided that sufficiently on this page . instead it 's a personal account of the irresistible grace that against all nature drew a small and scoffing soul into undeserved open spaces where god 's glory was seen...and is now sung .
for those looking to dig deeper into the nuances of the c language , this is an excellent book ! it has given me a better understanding of c that is helping me design better c code . a must have
after reading this book and reading the amazon.com readers ' reviews to this book , it is evident that there are " white-readers " who do not understand hooks ' point and the basic notion and theory behind racism . my suggestion is that if you are white , you should explore the topics of racism , power , and class before attempting to understand the depths of which hooks is writing
interesting thoughts ! it makes one think about why we do the things that we do . i look forward to sharing some of theses ideas with my daughter when she is a little older . i think that it is worth reading . a new outlook on dating
it is not often i reread a book but this was well worth it . it is the true story of a &quot ; cracker&quot ; who set about trying to break into computer networks and how people from system administrators to the fbi try to stop him . written in the style of a thriller , you are swept along in amazement at the exploits of the cracker . if this does n't alter your view of internet security nothing will . on the down side it becomes a chore trying to keep all the players straight in one 's head , it is indeed a cast of many . although somewhat geeky at times and it does help to have some background in computer networking it wo n't prevent you from enjoying what is surely the most bizarre story of internet hacking you will read
as an econ student at uc davis , i have learned to appreciate books that explain concepts concisely and in an easily understandable way . this is one of those few . chapters are relatively short and are uncluttered with unnecessary examples or tangents . graphs are labeled with simple explanations that are useful for clarification as well as quick-reference . i recommend this book to people who want to understand econ without trudging through the swamp of repetition , needless technicality , and headache
i felt this book was reasonably priced and offered a wide array of helpful fundraising advice -- especially for the small to mid-sized nonprofit . it covers a lot of the basics in a writing style that is pleasant to read
this is the sort of book i have been looking for a long time . i 've read other books on the middle east which purport to have a similar focus , but which are instead incomplete , notably " sowing the wind " . this book , by contrast , maintains the focus rather carefully and provides a concise history of the whole region . it looks as if the book was written as a textbook for ( i would presume ) grad students studying the subject , but really any intelligent person can pick it up and learn a great deal . an issue with a book like this is the tone of the work , how well the author writes . kamrava is n't the second coming of hemingway , but he 's not too bad , either . the book is divided into two portions : first , a historical section that gives you an overview of the region 's history , and second a topical section that looks at various issues that impact the region currently . the first section is very readable , the second less so ( who actually enjoys reading about economics ? ) . the author , however , does a good job ( for the most part ) of not sounding like a university professor telling you about something , though he does occasionally use words that are obscure , especially in terms of sub-regions of the mid east . i still enjoyed this book , thought i got a lot out of it , and would recommend it . the author seems to be a hair more optimistic about the prospects for peace and prosperity in the region than i am , but he makes a good case for his point of view , and the result is interesting
whether you are new to dating , widowed or divorced and starting to date again , or in your 50th year of marriage - you will be able to gleam something from this book that will impact your life in a positive way . ideally - you could read this book before you embark upon the " dating chapter " of your life . but , even if you 're not new to dating , this book can make an amazing and positive impact in many ways - it can increase your chances of finding the right person , reduce your chances of being hurt by or hurting someone ( emotionally ) during the dating process , and help you avoid scaring away someone with whom , otherwise , you could end up having a wonderful relationship . i especially recommend this to women who are in a relationship ( or , who are thinking that they " thought they were " ) with a man who seems to have changed all of a sudden . if you are questioning things like , where did he go ? why did n't he call ? why does he seem so distant now ? what did i do wrong ? - you are possibly at a point in the relationship where your choice of actions can make or break a relationship that might just be on the edge of going somewhere . and , likewise , i recommend this to men who feel that they 've come to a point in their relationship where they all of a sudden " are n't sure " anymore , are feeling anxious or maybe even " trapped " , and at the same time there is a strong need to just get away and think and/or if the woman you are dating seems to have become more insecure , worries more , questions you more , starts pressuring you more about commitment , etc . all of these situations , emotions , etc . are explained in this book . you 're not the only one - it 's a normal part of dating - but , unfortunately , most of us wo n't possibly be able to understand this without someone else pointing it out to us - like gray has done in this book . even if you are married - this book opens your eyes to many things and can really improve your level of understanding with your wife/husband . if you are the perfect mate in a perfect relationship - you may not realize some of the problems other people experience and therefore , could probably benefit from this book by being able to better identify with friends , family , children when they come to you for advice
i came into this book expecting one thing . after the first part , perhaps an accident , my expectations had completely altered . as i read through the second part , marquesa de montemeyor , my expectations were slowly changing even more . by the beginning of the third part , esteban , my expectations had transformed so much they were hardly recognizable . i came into it expecting a novel about a man of religion 's struggle with faith . by the first few pages i came to realize it had much more of a non-fiction lean , at this point i was scared of being bored . as i started to read part two i began to realize it was n't about this brother juniper at all but the people in the accident . throughout parts of the first chapter i have to admit i did feel bored , but near the end it caught fire and i was wowed by the first part 's finish . this reinvested my firm belief that the ending of a short story will completely redeem it , for that 's what each part was : a short story telling the complete life of one of the victims in the accident of the bridge . the story of thornton wilder 's pulitzer prize winner is that a bridge ( the finest bridge in all of peru ) snapped and five travelers fell to their death . brother jupiter decided to use this accident to prove that it was god 's will . this man found it more difficult than he expected discovering an ambiguity in life that he had not seen . basically the novel to me is detailing the complexity and mystery of life . i would say the way the bridge of san luis rey was written was , generally , not exceptionally appealing to me . it was told almost exactly like a textbook account of the events . using this method though , there were dazzling moments when the book flowed like poetry . the book also seemed slightly tedious at times . certain sections were difficult to get through but as i pressed on i felt a certain gratification , in knowing that i was being shown snapshots of life that were almost as real as they get . despite these downfalls ( which had their upshots as well ) , the meaning of the book made it for me . the characters were all taken on spiritual journeys and though each story ended in death , which was a death too early for all of them , there was a certain bittersweet happiness in their soulful accomplishments . in total i would suggest the bridge of san luis rey but only if you 're willing to fully concentrate whenever you pick this book up . it can be a beautiful book but only if first acknowledged as a tough book
another great book as usual ! too bad there are n't more books like her 's . do n't we all wish we lived in mitford ! great bible quotes , great friendships and a little love splashed in somewhere
antonia fraser has written a wonderful non-fiction account of marie antoinette and the court of versailles that makes you feel you are living at the time . a detailed yet understandable explanation of the political and royal intrigues of the time , both in france and in europe , that lead to the revolution
the boom mr. dent speaks of has begun-but is starting in the population centers of the far east and is being partially digitally controlled by companies here in america . the boom will hit us in industries that we have competitive advantage in and will then expand into the financial sector once enough excess labor is absorbed in the competitive advantage industries that wages go up as companies compete for workers . since so many of our publicly-traded companies outsource and have significant overseas manufacturing operations , they are using that cost-savings in order to finance the implementation of sarbanes-oxley . the net effect is that sarbanes-oxley is being digitally enforced throughout the global operations of u.s. publicly-traded companies . this is part of the reason why you hear of increasing unrest in many emerging markets . large portions of their economies are being reshuffled in order to digitally align with our securities laws . so the industries that will expand will primarily focus around :  1 . baby boomer spending 2 . competitive advantage exports
this book was not your usual biography , where it lulls at certain points , the entire book was an enjoyable read . it covers his life from beginning to end and focuses on his character .
i found # 10 at a garage sale and thought i better just start at # 1 . i have buzzed through to # 12 and through out them all i have found myself laughing out loud .
fuller offers an insightful blend of battlefield detail and the broader causes and effects for each engagement presented . he avoids one of the major shortcomings i have with a lot of other military history authors : bogging the reader down in pedantic minutiae .
i purchased weber 's art of the grill at the same time as weber 's big book of grilling . i feel that with this book they went for a more upscale level of grilling which is fine . i would recommend this book to anyone new to grilling or an old pro . it is well layed out and the pictures are of high quality . as in the other weber cookbooks , the format is easy to use and well thought out . if you are looking for a more &quot ; beginner&quot ; weber grilling book check out weber 's big book of grilling , you ca n't go wrong with it . i was glad i purchased both
you probably know joel siegel from his enthusiastic movie reviews on good morning america . but do you know the rest of the story ? here 's a chance to find out . mr. siegel became a father for the first time at age 54 , and his son , dylan , was born on the day mr. siegel finished chemotherapy for colorectal cancer . that cancer later spread to his lungs , and two more cancer surgeries and treatments followed . mr. siegel 's marriage did not last , but his love for dylan did . realizing that his chances of living to see dylan grow up are limited , mr. siegel decided to write down all of the wonderful things he wanted to share with dylan over the next few decades . . . but might not be able to . the result is a touching memoir with a heart that will cause you to shed more than an occasional tear while appreciating mr. siegel 's love for his son . mr. siegel writes well , has had many interesting experiences , and retains his sense of wonder . he is open about many of his faults ( which have led to failed marriages ) , but remains cautiously optimistic . . . and careful . dedicating the material to his son makes the memoir more personal and meaningful than almost any other memoir that i have read . anyone with an open heart would enjoy and benefit from this book . if you are like me , you expected to mainly hear about the movies . . . and you will . but there 's much more in the book about mr. siegel 's family , jewish heritage ( there 's even a yiddish dictionary with hilarious definitions ) , illnesses , past marriages , and advice for dylan . the show business stories are almost all ones that i had not heard before , and will reward those who are primarily looking for this feature . although you might think these are only about the movies , he also was a music critic and got to know the beatles in the early days . i was particularly interested by mr. siegel 's first-hand accounts of working for civil rights in the south , helping with bobbie kennedy 's campaign , and how he helped his wife , jane , with her fatal illness . one of the thoughts you will have as you read this book is how you would write a parallel one for either your children or your grandchildren to play the same role in sharing knowledge and love across the generations . i hope you will read this book and feel inspired to either transmit your own lessons in your own way . . . or to create the book you want to share with your descendants . in any case , keep a hanky handy !
how does she do it ? this will forever be one of my favorite books . reading about the astoundingly crazy life mary karr had as a child made me wonder how her sense of humor could be so sharp and perfect and still get across the sadness and pathos without making me feel bad or hopeless . nor did i feel that she was in a hopeless situation . it always seemed as though there were morsels of goodness somewhere to be found . a profoundly inspiring book . i only hope i can be as resourceful and resilient
wilson does n't spend two paragraphs explaining how the snow clung to the trees . he tells you about how the bombs sounded as they landed near him and how he saw his friends get cut down in the prime of life . you get a pretty good feeling for what it must have been like to dig a foxhole and wait for the mortar fire . it 's scary the way he relates having come upon on a bunch of lost germans who could have killed him had he paused a few seconds . when he describes the onset of winter and his men without the proper protective gear losing digits to frostbite , you can just imagine some bureaucrat sitting by a toasty fire promising to get on that tomorrow . it 's amazing that wilson could write such a detailed history forty years after the events occurred , but maybe even more amazing that he does n't embellish the situations . there is little reflection on an event because he 's off describing the next firefight or lost buddy . the most frustrating parts of the book were seeing raw officers replacing fallen soldiers rather than promoting the battle proven officers in the field . it was not only unfair , but unsafe and yet the bigwigs away from the fighting did n't know the difference . the title refers to a commander who told wilson before he went into battle that he 'd be promoted if he survived . the promotions were slower coming than his successes and yet the war is such a long way away from this retired insurance salesman that he does n't seem that upset about his treatment . it turned out to be the experience of his life .
my hat 's off to anyone who can sum up this book in a customer review . it is beyond anything i 've ever read in its portrayal of men at war as witnessed by the war correspondents who accompany them on the front lines . unlike the embedded journalists of our own time , the writers and photographers who covered vietnam were much closer to being free agents , restricted only by their ingenuity and fearlessness to seek out the action that would represent the essence of america 's military presence in southeast asia ( " there it is . . . ) , while the evidence everywhere was of an irrationality raised to such a pitch that it had become something driven only bit itself . unable to remain objective or even conceive of objectivity , herr and his colleagues yield to a kind of hallucinatory experience , depicting the war as a phantasmagoria , a really bad trip that also seduced them with what one of them insists is a compelling glamour . to read this book is to experience vietnam not as a historical record or analysis , or even a personal memoir , but as a kind of hypnotic nightmare from which many , including survivors , never wake
in 2003 i suffered my worst major depression ever . it lasted for over a year , and in the worst moments -which lasted months- my anguish was so intense that i wished i were dead . again , the worst part was when i could n't even get a full night 's rest , and after just two or three hours of sleep would wake up at 2 or 3 a.m. full of despair , unable to even pray or meditate or get any kind of relief , and anguished at the prospect of the new day approaching... having to get up in the morning was hell . needless to say i could n't work , and that increased my ill-feelings and my guilt at seeing how my wife had to shoulder the full responsibility in our family of four ( we have two adolescent kids ) . reading andrew solomon 's book , which i found recommended at depression-blog at blogspot dot com was an extraordinary experience , because for the first time ever i found my own reflected on the written page by a gifted writer who has also suffered the extreme anguish and pain of major depression . in my illness , i found that psychiatrists , doctors and other therapists who have n't themselves gone through the hellish nightmare of a major depression simply can not understand what it is like . it 's just like what happens with someone who has never eaten an orange : no matter how much you you try to explain how it tastes , the other person will have no real understanding unless he/she eats one him/herself . same with friends and well-wishers of many sorts , who will tell you things like " cheer up ! " or " make an effort ! " without realizing that that 's precisely what you would most want to do -but ca n't . solomon 's book and the advise of mike s. -now a friend , and the guy who created the depression-blog at blogspot dot com- have been of great value to me . and of course the courage and love of my wife , who never -even in the worst moments , when we both thought i might die at any moment- abandoned hope , sustaining me , putting up with a lot , holding me when i cried in utmost despair and wished i were dead as the only relief in the midst of what now i recall as the worst kind of torture a human being can be subjected to.. . and my kids , too , who at times even made me laugh with a joke or helped me get some sleep with a massage . and god , who in the midst of utter darkness and despair , was there too , and saw me through
when considering the faith of the founders of the u.s , it is easy to rely on half-truths and assumptions . david holmes dispels a lot of myths in his well-researched book which uses historical documentation , personal letters , and observations of conduct in order to describe the various beliefs which the early patriots espoused . he begins by describing the religious movements of the 18th . century which influenced our founders . one interesting point he makes is that 9 of the original colonies had government-sponsored churches , a practice which the country quickly abandoned when the colonies united into a nation . although many of the people he describes , including george washington , benjamin franklin , and thomas jefferson , were brought up in orthodox christian churches , such as episcopal and congregational , they were later influenced by the deist movement which opposed many orthodox christian views . he describes some interesting practices , such as the fact that george washington would leave anglican services before participating in communion , despite the fact that his wife martha would stay for the sacrament . this is only one example of an early political wife who stayed true to her orthodox upbringing despite the deist leanings of her husband . holmes concludes his book with a brief description of modern-day presidents and their religious beliefs which bear much more scrutiny than the founding fathers ' did . in writing this book holmes displays an impartiality which is fitting for an historian , and which makes it all the more believable
this volume contains entries that deal with concepts , events , persons , and movements in u.s. history . the length of the entries is appropriate to the topic considered . in addition , the entires both inform the reader with up-to-date information and indicate how revisionist historians have resahped opionions or refocused the discipline . the entries are clearly written and eminently readable . they are persuasive in thier opionions , yet respectful of other stances . the cross references are helpful and ample . the same obtains for the bibliographies . the oxford companion to u.s. history far surpasses some other contemporary dictionaries in u.s. history . its articles are treated in more depth and greater nuances . the entries in the other dictionaries are too short and far too superficial . i would highly recommend this for people involved in serious historical study and research
eric carle 's illustrations are beautiful and unusual . the simply stated story is appropriate for the very young to school-age children . the author incorporates math and science in a book you will wish to read again and again . the story was a favorite for the children , ages two to five at the local library 's story hour , and it was a favorite of mine to read to them .
as a " follower of christ " ( christian ) who considers himself an evangelical protestant , this little devotional book will hold a special place in my library and my heart . for all christian believers , the richness and power of brother lawrence 's life 's witness and words are a fountain of truth , a treasure that is as elegant ( spiritually ) as it is simple . for the non-believers , i am afraid that reading this booklet ( a spiritual treasure in disguise ) will just confirm st. paul the apostles 's words that " the message of the cross is ... foolishness to the gentiles " ( 1 corinthians . 1 : 18 , 23 and 2 : 14 ) . the only way to do justice to this booklet is to quote from it and let you get a taste of it .. . this is a unique biography because it is not compiled by the brother lawrence of the resurrection ( birth name nicholas herman but known by his monastic name ) but by the ones around his life in 17th century france . thus one learns very little about the beginnings of his life but very much about his godly lifestyle in the last 30 years of life of bliss ( presence of god in his heart ) and suffering ( 3 physical and debilitating ailments ) . we learn about this spirit-filled vessel in god 's vineyard - brother lawrence , by reading the eulogy of the abbot of lawrence 's christian community , 4 short notes of his conversations with his spiritual father - abb ? de beaufort , 16 very short letters of spiritual advice and encouragement brother lawrence wrote to friends and seekers , a manuscript found at his death called " spiritual maxims " and a memoir of a leader in the church in france . the followings are a selection of the many highlights and underlined phrases and sentences from this book :  " busy yourself with keeping your mind in the presence of the lord . "  " my most normal habit is to simply keep my attention on god , and to be generally and lovingly aware of him . "  " i occupy myself solely with keeping my attention on god and by being generally and lovingly aware of him . "  " we have an infinitely good god who knows what we need . "  " console yourself with the one who keeps you fastened to the cross . "  " we should love our friends , but without prejudicing the love of god which must be first . "  " think often about him ; worship him without ceasing . life and die with him . this is the beautiful call in the life of a christian . "  " ...we should love one another through our words of counsel and even more through our good examples . "  " ...our only business in this life is to please god . ... my little progress in the path of perfection . "  " i applied myself to practicing the presence of god .. . doing this gave me such a high esteem for god that faith alone was capable of satisfying me . "  " a devout woman told me that the spiritual life is a life of grace that begins with service fear , increases through the hope of eternal life , and is consumated by pure love . "  my prayer : may we all experience god 's love , which truly can consume all other passions , and be filled with his grace which will empower us to truly love our neighbors ( christian and non-christian ) as ourselves . this is my life goal
i love this cookbook & use it all the time ! my daughter has many allergies ( tree nuts included ) so we have n't been able to use all the recipes , but those that we have are wonderful ! i keep checking back , hoping to see another book by this author , but have n't found any so far . as for the " rantings " spoken about in another review....i read the book cover to cover and did n't find anything that fits that description . i enjoyed ms. meyer 's stories of her children and her 'journey ' and appreciate her having shared it . thanks
it 's pretty impressive to think that a book like " hiroshima " was written , and appreciated , less than a year after the atomic bomb was dropped . john hersey took a bold step in investigating the lives and experiences of those who were on the receiving end of the birth of the atomic age . interviewing six survivors , hersey assembled a snapshot of what it was like have an atomic bomb dropped on your city . pure luck and circumstances determine if you survive or not . the color of your clothing means everything . white clothes reflect the heat , while dark clothing absorbs it . even if you survive the initial blast , what you see next might make you wish you had n't . but human beings are stubborn creatures , and seem to keep going even in the most hellish circumstances . i have been to the hiroshima peace park several times , and have seen the human face of the atomic bomb up close and personal . it is a humbling experience , and one that forever changed my opinions on war as a means of settling disputes . hersey 's book has a similar impact , being told in such a clinical , observational writing style that you ca n't help but be moved by the reality of it all . my one criticism of " hiroshima " is the cast of characters that hersey chose to showcase . for some reason , they seem to be largely christian , including a german jesuit priest and a japanese methodist minister . with christians being such a tiny percentage of the japanese population , considerably less than 1 % , the choice to interview japanese christians seems a deliberate one . hersey is telling the largely-christian us readers , " see ? they are n't heathen devils . they are christians , just like you and me . that 's who we dropped the bomb on . that 's who we killed . " this puts in question the journalistic neutrality of the book , and has hersey in the light of putting across an agenda instead of simpling reporting what was
working in an it company catering to bankers i bought this book to help understand their lingo . i have to say it has n't disappointed yet . it is also very up to date the latest it/banking terms . if you were to read all the definitions in this book you would probably know more than you banker . a great reference . buy it
i disagree with the reviewer who said that this book does not offer solutions . again and again the author reports that people need to be heard , and need to stop repressing emotions to get well . as a counselor working with battered women , i was amazed at the number of them who also had auto-immune disorders such as fibromyalgia . this book is a must read
i will probably write a few apa-format papers while getting a master 's degree on-line and i think for my limited use , " apa the easy way " is the right product for me . i agree with other reviewers that if you do a lot of writing in the apa style , you may need the complete manual . however , i have the complete manual and since i bought " apa the easy way , " i do n't think i will ever need to use the full-size manual again . i especially like that it gives step-by-step instructions on how to do all of the " set-ups " for ms-word .
this item is a must-have for anyone who is serious about understanding the origins of the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints ( lds or mormons for short ) . while not an authentic artifact , it is an excellent reproduction of the original book that started one of america 's most successful and controversial social-religious movements of the 19th and 20th centuries . this reproduction allows the reader to read the original 19th century language style of structure and grammar as it fell from the lips of joseph smith ( author and proprietor ) to the pen ( s ) of his various scribes . when the book is placed in it 's historical context , the reader can see the doctrinal development of many of the key points of theology that are the underpinning of the current lds church as well as smith 's answers for many of the religious concerns of his day . also , interestingly , when compared to the current version of the book and the lds church today , the reader can see the evolution of church doctrine over time . for example :  the development from a monotheistic doctrine of deity ( see book of 1 nephi and mosiah - also see lectures on faith , also by smith ) , to the current polytheistic doctrine that the church espouses ( see current version of the book of mormon - changing of the text in 1 nephi to correspond with current church doctrine ) . the original condemnation of polygamy ( marriage to more than one wife at a time ) with the exception of raising up a righteous posterity ( see book of jacob ) , to the open endorsement and practice of the same from the mid to late 19th century for no reason other than smith saying that god commanded the practice , then to the abandonment of the practice in order to prevent church property from being confiscated and to allow utah statehood in the union . the condemnation of secret , oath-bound clandestine societies ( see book of helaman , 3 nephi , ether ) to the practice of blood oaths of secrecy , loyalty and revenge ( for the murder of smith ) in the masonic-derived nauvoo temple endowment . the original condemnation and futility of baptism for children and those that die without the law ( see book of mormon - name of a section within the book ) , to the practice of performing all church ordinances ( including baptism ) vicariously for the dead ( those that died without the law ) . like all religious/social/mass movements , the lds church will evolve and change to meet the needs of its members . the importance of this book for any follower of the religion ( or student of sociology , history , etc . ) is to chart the origins of the institution and then follow it 's metamorphosis over time as the institution attempts to adapt to a constantly changing and growing market . for that reason alone the book receives 5 stars .
if you wish to improve the quality of your software development , this book is worth reading , studying , and questioning . it realy does not tell you how or why to improve , but suggest processes and measures that you need to concider if you are already commited to better software
i am informally studying cormac having read his last works first , namely " no place for old men " , preceeded by the " trilogy " and " blood meridian " . his precise knowledge about the area and customs of his story and the minimilist language which he develops in the later novels is interesting to watch grow
having read all of mccarthy 's other books already , i came into this knowing what to expect as far a style and content . and i was not disappointed . mccarthy can better develop a character in two sentences than most authors can in two chapters . the vivid description of the mountains , the people , and their culture puts the reader right there in the story . these harsh , terse , and somehow always beautiful images will remain in my mind for a long , long time . i found this story a little more abstract than most of mccarthy 's other works , yet i was able to see his message in the end . required reading for any mccarthy fan
i bought this book along with saving dinner and saving dinner for the holidays last year . i love the concept of having the weekly menu planned out as well as the grocery list put together and ready for shopping . we went through the entire book and i have to say , it really broadened our food horizons as we had been stuck in a rut for a long time with our regular foods . also , the books really did eliminate a lot of stress by allowing me to know in advance " what 's for dinner " and be ready to prepare it . the only cons i can think of would be that the food is not exactly kid friendly , and you will need to be an open minded eater . if you have a lot of people with finicky preferences in your household , this may not be the book for you . also , our grocery bill for two went up from about $ 75 a week to $ 125 because of the veggies and meats . good , healthy quality food ingredients , but unfortunately , painful to the wallet . that said , i have never seen a low carb book out there that compares to this one , the food is good , the variety is there , and it takes the low carb lifestyle above and beyond " bunless burgers " and eggs and bacon . overall , i would recommend leanne 's saving dinner books . for the open minded foodie . or for those weeks that you just want to not worry about dinner and the grocery list . these books are great to have and do offer a good variety of recipes to broaden horizons while removing some stress
so here is a collection of essays by jonathan franzen , the wizard who brought us the highly intelligent and acutely mesmerizing novel of 2001 , the corrections . many of these essays originally appeared in literati mags such as harper 's and the new yorker--so , readers should know what they 're getting into . i read this book mainly as an attempt to try to get a sense of franzen as a corporeal human being , and not just some exalted author of an award-winning novel . overall , i liked most of the essays appearing in this collection . from the promising opener , in which franzen poignantly recounts his father 's slow descension into quietus from alzheimer 's , we progress to a quasi-portentous pronouncement of the dangerous state of privacy in america , before ashcroft and the patriot act invaded the american lexicon . why bother ( which was previously referred to as the harper 's essay ) is an interesting rumination on the inevitable failure of the novel in the 21st century as a tool of social reform ; the novel should not be used as a way to engender social reform , but , should rather be written--ultimately-- for plain old entertainment value , franzen seems to argue . some of these essays seem to be a little discursive ; franzen evidentally has a lot to say , and seems to forget what the initial point of his arguments are , going off on long tangents ; such as in mr . difficult , where as some other reviewer stated , he begins with an interesting exploration of his artistic need to be " pretentious , " but then slowly veers off into a history and ode to author william gaddis . franzen once again proves to be a smart and sophisticated reader and writer , and this book perfectly showcases his aptitude for social commentary , without pontificating or being too offensively forward . people may consider franzen an " elitist , " but i consider him to posses a well-read , inquisitive mind ; there are far too few jonathan franzens around these days
i would first like to start by saying that the picture of dorian gray is , by far , one on my favorite novels . and were i not slightly dissapointed with this particular edition of the novel i would have given it 5 stars , without a doubt . it is a fabulous story , i would recommend it to anyone . [ as a small sidenote -- i would simply like to say that wilde 's particular style of writing is one which i do , in general , find rather enjoyable . ] i have heard some people say that they found this book diffucult to muddle through . i was not one of these people . also , the other stories in this book are not bad at all . i enjoyed the happy prince quite thoroughly . - * note this particular " fairy tale " was very reminiscent of hans christian anderson 's writings . the flaw ( s ) ! i blame the editor for this one -- this book , as far as i have been able to find , does not include the alternate ( slightly more drawn-out ) ending to this novel . i was , needless to say , a little upset by this missing detail . ( if i have merely overlooked this extended ending , by all means let me know ) another small flaw - if you have not read the book do not , i repeat do not , begin by reading the authors note . although the authors note was very insightful and generally enjoyable to read - it easily gives away more than half the plot . the authors note is a spoiler -- beware . overall , still a great novel . not so happy with the editor
i used this book for an introductory lesson on descriptive cataloguing in library , archival and information science . it worked very well for giving an overview of the problems in just this interdisciplinary approach . a lot of examples are given and explained in an understandable way . there are some reduncancies but this helps for the understanding
ironically , socialist , anti-american , iconoclastic professor taylor , could be , at least in this work , the inspiration for the great david irving 's more pathbreaking work on an unneccesary and destructive war . it is demonstrated that adolph hitler , the popular nationalist german leader , was no more responsible , and in many ways less so , than the so-called allies , who foolishly guaranteed poland , only to give her over to jewish bolshevism at yalta . by refusing to grant germany 's rightful place as a continental power , britain and france lost millions of lives , their world empires , and their economic prominence . the sole beneficiaries of this needless conflict were the soviets and their western fellow travellers . and upon the final dissolution of the evil empire , courtesy of one dutch reagan , we have a european continent completely dominated by...germany
in a sea of books from self-proclaimed " career counselors , " mr. corcodilos has no-nonsense advice from a true insider . instead of the usual yada-yada , corcodilos explains how a candidate can stand out in a sea of prospective employees clambering in a recruiting system designed to produce the status quo . one hears a lot of complaints from hiring managers that effective , qualified employees are in short supply . however , corcodilos lays bare the true cause of this corporate angst : the present recruiting system is broken . ask the headhunter is worthwhile reading for both the candidate and the hiring manager ; two agents who are in desperate need to meet
i loved this story it was enriched with so many lessons , emotions , and detail that you felt like you were right there with lous and oz . i would recommend this story to any one ! !
i really enjoyed this book . it took me a while to read it , about 2 months , because it 's definitely not fast paced . i was glad i had seen the movie first because it made the whole thing easier to understand . mr. darcy is " pride " and elizabeth bennett is " prejudice " . these two are made for each other , unbeknown to themselves . this is essentially the story of how they fall in love , with lots of twists and turns . i really like mr. darcy . he is the perfect gentleman . he is readily willing to admit his own faults , when they are brought to his knowledge . he also does n't retaliate when rejected by elizabeth and accused of things he did n't do or that are misunderstood . elizabeth is also wonderful . she is doubtful about people and quite cynical . i really like that about her . it makes for some great banter between darcy and herself . my favorite part of the book is when elizabeth see darcy at pemberly . this is where i think she begins to fall in love with him . pemberly is where he is at home- where is is truly himself . i would probably be charmed by him too ! this book took a little commitment to get through , but once i got into it , i could n't wait to see what happened next , even though i already knew the story . i recommend it to anyone who enjoys regency england
i liked track of the cat , but i did n't love it . the idea that the lion is wrongly accused was one i found appealing , but the plot was , at times , predictable . the setting was well-drawn , but most of the characters were pretty one-dimensional . the clincher , though , is that i 'm not sure yet just how captivating anna pigeon is as a main character . i believe that this is her first story , so i do n't want to make a snap judgement , but anna is nowhere near as quirkily entertaining as a sherlock holmes or miss marple . that would be expecting a lot , i know , but frankly she is n't even as engaging as , say , gideon oliver or sharon mccone or brother cadfael , and she lacks the depth and power of a harry bosch . as i said , the jury is still out for me here . i liked track of the cat , but i was n't wild about it . it 's a solid first try , and i 'll certainly read another anna pigeon or two before deciding whether or not to go for the whole series . i expect most readers will find this opening mystery enjoyable . i recommend it , but my recommendation is a mild one
exposure to harv eker 's millionaire mind intensive set me on a path of working towards financial freedom over two years ago . i also attended the guerilla business school , a $ 2500 intensive . what is important to realize is that actually being in a room in the workshops and doing it several days in a row will actually ( as it did with me ) shift your perspective , if you are at all open to having it shifted . getting into a better mindset with regards to prosperity is fundamentally an issue of breaking down old programs and replacing them with new ones . this book may help you , but the seminar will help you more . the millionaire mind intensive taught me things and set in motion a change in perpective for me . i am now financially free and well on my way to be wealthy as an internet marketer promoting a website called zerodollarmarketer dot com . being rich is a matter of perspective . true wealth is measured for me by the health of my body and mind , my relationships , and lastly my pocketbook . but its sure good to have plenty left over at the end of the month . a journey worth pursuing
this is one of my favorite books of all time , and during my 40 years of life i 've read a lot of them . first off : the style is simple and direct - no big words and no long sentences . but this is by no means to imply that it is unsophisticated . as the product of a 19-20 year old mind , it impresses . it reads very much like a modern novel . this is the kind of novel you wish you could have written yourself - at any age , let alone 19 or 20 . as such , it is remarkable . secondly : the subject matter is disturbing yet something that must be taught . educated people should know how easy it is to become a hypocrite when how one behaves is determined solely by how he believes the public will react . matthew lewis was not concerned about this . this is what makes him such a great writer . too many contemporary authors are more motivated to write what they believe the public will like than what is in their hearts . lewis ' book created a sensation when it was published . he probably realized that he was writing a controversial book , but he believed strongly that what he had to say was the truth and that it should be said . after all , he was writing during the french revolution , while the reign of terror was raging in paris . people were just beginning to become disillusioned with reason ( because of what they felt it had led to in france ) , but had yet to become infatuated with sentimentality and passion ( as they would during the romantic era ) . as such , then , it was a time of transition . lewis must have been aware of the danger ( as he saw it ) of people turning back ( as they had during the middle ages ) to religion for answers in a time of such upheaval . he obviously felt that more religion was not the answer , that too much religion can pervert the mind just as too much reason can . this is why his work is still relevant today . the battle over what role religion is to play in society still rages today . these are only a few thoughts i hope will be helpful to those who might consider reading this book . on the surface , the book is a delightful romp into a fantasy realm . underneath , though , there is a deeper current which reflects the broader course of history and still resonates today
as one reads peter pan , one does n't have to do much thinking to figure out why its story has achieved such worldwide acclaim . i had ridiculously high expectations of mr. barrie 's imagination before purchasing this title , and he has fulfilled them completely . many parts of the story are nothing but nonsense , which i enjoy above all else . mr . darling , the head of the darling family , commands his children to take their medicine after he hides the medicine he 's supposed to take . he brags about how noble he is for drinking a medicine that tastes so much worse that theirs . unfortunately for him , during his bragging his medicine is found , and the whole family agrees to take their respective medicines on the count of three . sure enough , when three is reached , everyone except mr . darling takes their medicine , and mr . darling once again tries to hide his . this kind of scenario is what i 'd call mark twain nonsense . you can imagine it being true , even though it 's quite high up on the ridiculous scale . then there 's what i would classify as over-the-top nonsense - aka bull - which there is plenty of in barrie 's original story of peter pan . going back to mr . darling , if we take a look at how he 's doing near the end of the book , we find him going to and from work in a dog kennel . ah , yes...grown men in pet taxis . what could be more fun than the " he-did n't-even-try-to-make-this-belivable " silliness of such a scene ? to be honest , i do n't know if i 'd even read books if they all left out fun stuff like this . other silly parts of the book involve wendy growing up a day quicker than most girls ; the narrator claiming he hates mrs . darling only to call her his favorite character a few sentences later ; the lost boys asking wendy to change the characters her story just two sentences into it ; the narrator using the phrase " woke into life " because peter likes the word " woke " more than " wakened ; " and my favorite , captain hook using a stale cake as a missle and then falling over it in the dark . i believe the novel version of peter pan was written after the author had already established peter pan as a successful play . that may explain a lot about the colorful narration , which takes many , many literary liberties . we see everything from blatant narrator interference with the characters in the story to the shameless attempt at informing the audience that the narrator only chooses to make the events in the story happen a certain way so certain characters in the book wo n't be disappointed . perhaps without these wacky ( and maybe even insane ) traits in the narration , there 'd be no reason to read the book , since it would be no different from the play . after reading the peter pan novel though , i 'd have to say it almost seems criminal to watch an adaptation of peter pan without any wacky narration . contrary to most adaptations of peter pan , the individual lost boys ( of where there are six i believe ) are actually more developed as characters than john or michael darling . heck , at the end of the book they actually end up moving out of the neverland to live with the darlings and grow up to busy themselves in interesting professions . i may not like the actual land of neverland as much as i like the land of oz , but barrie 's narration is unbeatable in my opinion . he could probably make a jeopardy contestant 's friday night schedule sound exciting . i believe barrie has written another peter pan book as well , a prequel of sorts entitled " peter pan in kensington gardens . " it should be interesting , particuarly if it addresses what is contained in the dark dreams that haunt peter throughout this book . freud would have a field day with such dreams and the whole mother issue . the only thing i expected to see in this book that i did n't see was " happy thoughts . " that must have been a creation of disney
i am nearly finished with this book - i have n't been this mesmerized by a book in forever ! i would certainly recommend it
having patronized boulevard all but twice , i still feel the need to write a review . you have to understand that those of us " back east " think that california food is understated and so easy . now not being a huge chef myself , but cooking a bit and doing some experimentation and emulation of real chef 's recipes ( my fave restaurants being of course , boulevard , and back east , 2941 , le tire bouchon , maestro , citronelle dc , galileo , inn at little washington , etc. ) . i have no clue where i 'd get some of the ingredients in this cookbook , other than maybe the san francisco ferry building 's fabulous farmer 's market ( another real sf treat ! ) . but to be real , we have to sometimes improvise on ingredients . do what you can with what you have locally and you might be surprised . now i was spoiled with a fabulous waiter at boulevard who asked the chef to let me know what was in one of the recipes and i have her handwriting -- just ingredients , no measurements . and yes , i 've been able to improvise , and her very treasured scribe is in my own personal collection of " recipes . " but nothing is better than going to the restaurant . cookbooks are fab and fun , but getting the realy cooked food directly from the professionals ( herselves ) are even more exciting . buy this book even just for the photographs , as i 've never been in a more well-decorated and well-thought-out restaurant . if only i did n't live on the east coast !
businesses can not exist without the it and vice-versa . they are interdependent . it systems automate the business processes and run 24 by 7 . therefore we can not really view those who work at the " business " level as above us . so , i disagree with the author on this point . however , he does sort of make a u turn later on in the book . this book will make you think . for instance : what is the supply demand for programmers in a particular business domain ? this would be a good question to research so that we can plan our career . he talks about how to survive layoffs by being knowledgeable in different areas . not everyone wants to stay in one organization for a long time . another thing is that it is almost impractical to learn everything in a particular technology ( say , java technology ) . developers will have different intentions , for example they might have a backup plan in case of it downturn , either by having a cash cushion or generating cash flow through software products . i agree about following your passion . it enables us to transcend limitations . it inspires us and makes us reach a level of performance that amazes us . this explains the previous paragraph ( which sounds like excuses ) . another principle that he explains - " be the worst " is very real . two projects , one early in my career where i had the opportunity to work with a strong and talented team of developers and project manager . recently when i found working for people who were not anywhere near my capabilities , they did affect my performance . this book helps to see and expect what the work environment could possibly bring us and what we can do to proactively handle these situations . maintenance is seen as a menial work and recruiters downplay any experience on it . oh , this is a developer job... chad advises you to learn to love maintenance . he recommends having a mentor and i am glad i read his book . i know mentors can also come in the form of a book ! ! ! you can have more than one mentor . i love the eight-hour burn concept . this explains why i get very depressed and productivity drops during the last few weeks of the project . now i know how to make the work stay in the office . no more nagging problems following me home ! the concept of " presence " is very realistic . i learned this by making mistakes in the workplace and the cost was high . i wish i had read this book early in my career . lot of things that he explains has already happened to me in my career . still i was able to learn how to handle those situations successfully next time around . reading open source code really helps to solve recurring problems quickly . i have experienced this in my job . the cover of this book really needs to be improved . the content of the book is much better than the quality of cover image
do n't get me wrong , this was an enjoyable read . since retiring matthew hope i guess em had an urge to return to sw florida with this tale . funny adult repartee and a good &quot ; mystery&quot ; but only age 9-12 reading level according to the amazon rating ? ? these latest books from mcbain are all very similar and are being churned out at almost a tv-episode rate , but how about trying to stretch a bit
i have spent a lot of time and money researching into mormon history . the big problem is that , as henry ford once said " history is bunk " . with joseph smith and the history of the mormon church , there are hundreds of accounts that argue that he was an inspired prophet and just as many , an ingenious charlatan . there are even accounts that avoid making a judgement either way and leave it up to the reader to decide . hence , using history as a basis for discovering the truth about the history of joseph smith can be a very frustrating ( and sometimes expensive ) exercise . the church itself avoids encouraging the study of historical events to gain testimony , but instead promotes the individual member to gain a spiritual testimony . it is easy to see from my statement above , why . this book takes a completely different approach in investigating the truthfulness of what joseph smith produced . forget about what might have happened in the early 1800 's and instead , focus on the actual record contained in the book of mormon itself . let current day investigation be the basis for the search of truth instead of historical personal accounts . this removes any bias of the source material and hence allows for an objective study . thomas stuart ferguson starts out as the book of mormon 's most enthusiastic proponent . he sacrifices a large portion of his life both petitioning the first presidency for financial support , and performing extensive archaeological expeditions to find evidence of the civilisations documented in the book of mormon ( bofm ) . while he expects an abundance of material to be discovered , he finds none . nothing . no evidence of the language or writings contained within the bofm , the animals and crops mentioned , artefacts , city names , weapons , metals , glass etc . nothing for the period documented within the bofm ( 2500 bc - 400 ad ) . there are few discoveries outside this timeline , but none within . all he wanted ( and expected ) to find were actual artefacts or at least murals/pictorials showing the above documented items . the turning point came when fragments of the joseph smith papyri were rediscovered in the late 1960 's and found to contain nothing in common with the book of abraham . this is a completely separate quest in itself ( see " by his own hand upon papyrus " ) . while ferguson may have lost his faith , he never left the lds church and continued to attend and support it - he even sent a son on a mission . he believed the mormon church was " the best fraternity on earth " . in public , he was a " normal " member , in private circles he believed joseph smith was a fraud and as a result , spent the remainder of his life researching why . this book is both a document detailing ferguson 's quest for the truth , and his way of dealing with it from the result .
i call this one " frank peretti lite . " it was very entertaining but not a deep as his previous books . instead of focusing on sin and spiritual warfare , this one had a creationist angle . i really enjoyed it , just not the same as his other books . also , you have to remember that this is fiction . of course the scenario is highly unlikely if not impossible . but the central point about mutations comes through . great summer read
i have n't had a chance to read the book in its entirity , but have enjoyed what i have read .
this book was originally conceived of and designed in the manner of an illuminated manuscript . the images are combined with the text to convey meaning . in the paperback most of the images are gone and the ones remaining are converted to black and white and shoved into the middle of the book where they lose their context
one reviewer of this book said he 's sick of investing tomes , they offer no practical benefit except to enrich the authors , who usually run money management firms for which the books are meant to recruit clients . and of course those firms charge hefty fees , even if their timing is slightly off ( say , a few years or so ) . another reviewer loved the book because he realizes he is going to have to work harder to invest successfully over coming years . if only he had read the book in 1999 . what is not fully understood by many investors is that the money game is run by wall streeters with whom you can not compete and beat over time . some of the smartest people in the world work on the street and they are not sharing what they know with anybody . but they want you in the game . they need you . they take care of their biggest clients ( and i mean really big ) and every client who is not big is late to the table and last to leave , usually at a loss . because smaller clients start buying what the big players are just starting to sell . which is why the big holders sell in dribs and drabs over time . every winning trade requires a losing trade . too bad , past results are no etc . etc . try to work the market independently against the big guns and you will eventually come to know the meaning of whipsaw . and its consequences . everybody thinks they can get out in time . trouble is , when markets tank--stock market , real estate markets--there is no getting out because there are no buyers . it 's a free fall without a parachute . many real estate speculators will learn this in the coming year . the author of this book , ed eastering , is well respected and can give you a good view of how the game works . which is useful in a textbook kind of way . and he attempts to lay out some tips for the solo investor . trouble is , timing is everything and the information you need to time the market is not going to be found in any book . or any proprietary system being peddled over the internet . if it worked that well they would not be selling it to you . so what 's the answer ? contrarian investing ? when everybody is long , go short , and vice versa ? good idea but it requires a discipline that can tear apart the innards of a veteran wall street trader . it is just not wired into the systems of most people to pull it off . and reliable sell signals are about as hard to find as a legitimate 1918 inverted jenny . another possibility : do what most of the really rich usually do , stuff it into long-term u.s. treasuries that pay a fixed interest rate and guarantee the principal at maturity . of course , you have to keep them for the long term , which the really rich can afford to do . can you ? if not , you may sell the bond at a loss that negates the interest you were paid . so you 're stuck with safe u.s. short-term notes which mature at par and pay the promised ( usually much lower ) interest rate . not very exciting . and if inflation pops your interest rate may give you breakeven or less . well , that 's tough unless you had the cojones to buy one of the most volatile commodities in existence : gold . this is a truly ferocious trap that has ruined many . the big guns say do n't speculate with money you ca n't afford to lose . hey , thanks . that fits about .001 percent of the investing population . read easterling for the historical big picture . and it ai n't a pretty picture . it 's all about volatility and volatility is a killer . and so the moral of the story may be to be very careful with your investment decisions . err on the side of caution . the first consideration of the physician is do no harm . the first consideration of the financial investor is lose not thy wad . of couse there is the notion that markets investing is really just another excuse to excerise the gambling urge for people who consider casinos crass . if that 's you , may luck truly be with you .
one of the most interesting books i 've ever read ! i could not put this one down . if all economics books were written this well , everyone would want to be an economist ! the author has a unique perspective on the analysis of data that is very compelling . he will make you question every " fact " you 've ever heard and observe the world around you from a different angle
in the 1970 's , peter singer came out with a radical argument which was new in the field of ethics ; animal liberation . while some philosophers and others had in the past , argued for the necessity of being kind to animals ( schopenhauer probably being the most notable case because of his deep respect for buddhism ) , peter singer was probably the first philosopher in western philosophy to set out a systematic rational set of arguments for regarding the rights of animals . singer 's primary argument , and a very interesting one , is science has demonstrated we show very close connections to many kinds of animals , particularly in the structures of our vital organs , nervous systems and brains . singer gathers some strong evidence from biology showing how many animal species are apparently capable of feeling pain and hence of suffering . on these grounds singer argues animals are entitled to certain rights , at least when they are being used by humans . the fact animals can suffer means we ca n't just treat them as another form of material object or resource for our use , but we need to consider them as fellow beings . singer builds up a set of arguments against eating animals , using animals in agricultural contexts , using animals for scientific experimentation , or using animals for commercial research such as the testing of cosmetic products . singer draws on some infamous and damning experiments which seem to have caused terrible pain and suffering to animals for little apparent gain in scientific knowledge , including the use of 'rape racks ' and virtual torture of infant monkeys in one series of experiments . at the end of the book , singer presents several vegetarian recipies and hopes readers will stop eating meat on this example . singer 's work has been very powerful in its influence , and several philosophers built on and expanded on his work . however , others have criticized his arguments quite strongly , on many grounds . it has also become a kind of manifesto for many animal rights campaigners and animal liberationists , some of whom have resorted to violent means to 'free ' animals from scientific experimentation . while i admire singer 's rigorous arguments as well as the formidable evidence he marshals to back it , i can not entirely agree with them . it seems that at least some scientific research involving animals is necessary for fighting many awful diseases and conditions which cause terrible human suffering . i think a total ban on animal research , especially medical research and biotechnology research aimed at improving human health , is excessive . animals also form an essential part of the livelihood of many people around the world . no doubt in many cases some practices lead to animals suffering , but does this mean all useage of animals in agriculture should be stopped ? where do we make changes ? when do we make them ? i certainly agree agriculture should be done in such a way animal cruelty is removed , and suffering reduced as much as possible , but preventing all suffering is impossible , and reality will require compromise . also as another ecologist remarked , sometimes practices which cause harm to an individual animal is necessary to protect the overall ecosystem . hunting rabbits and kangeroos or cats or horses will cause suffering to these creatures , but is often a necessity in australia where in many areas these animals are dangerous pests that ruin the native environment through overpopulation or hunting . still , the strongest thing in favour of singer 's thesis is that we do share a profound connection with nature , and our terrible disregard for the biosphere is coming back to haunt us in the form of mass extinctions of species . we certainly need to redevelop a sense of what edmund wilson calls 'biophilia ' , a sense of affinity with nature and the natural world , rather than simply seeing it as another object to gratify our desires
if you 're into reading memoirs , this is exceptional . her clarity of thought and her ability to portray her feelings into words is unsurpassed , in my opinion . i enjoy her prose so very much . i can find myself relating to so many of her feelings and thoughts despite the difference of age and time . this is a great read
this book explains in simple terms all the stuff that the other one 's do n't explain . it 's one of the best books on photography hands down . it 's clearly the next step in amature photography you will need.i am currently waiting for it to arrive at my door . i have read it already . i want to own it so i have it forever . i plain on absorbing every comma , period and explaination mark , and explaining it to everyone . my hat 's off to the author . i like it
geez . its a book folks . nobody said it was going to be perfect . granted the sentence structure leaves alot to be deisred but use your imagination . draw upon your inner child and immerse yourself in the story and stop worrying about the piddly things . if you want to read books then read them and enjoy them . if you want to edit them then go be an editor . we live in a world where people sell drugs that kill our kids for money and your worried about this guy making a few bucks with a writing career ? it 's called priorities people , get some . i say he should continue to write and see what he becomes . i have read tolkien ( not just the hobbit and lotr - but all of his works ) . dark tower , harry potter , and star wars stuff too . i love sci-fi . stop nitpicking . if your at that point then you have lost the purpose of picking up a good sci-fi book . start over . do not pass go and do not collect $ 200.00 .
i 'm a little late in reading this book . i am trying to pace myself between the movies and the books so that i can enjoy a little harry potter at least every year . i think goblet of fire is the best in the series , so naturally it would be pretty difficult for phoenix to live up to that standard . in goblet , it feels like rowling had a fantastic ending in mind , and that drove the writing of the story . in phoenix , it seems like the story is key and the ending was simply tacked on to round it out and provide some concluding information . the major theme seemed to be the ministry 's takeover of hogwarts . i found that entire thread to be thoroughly engrossing . harry 's dreams , however , took on sub-plot status , and then rose to the top for the final conflict . i did n't mind the length of the book , but it did seem to drag in a couple of places . the gang spent too much time at grimmauld place . i could have also done without hagrid 's giant story . my biggest problem with the book was dumbledore 's secrecy . good stories have real roadblocks to keep the hero from achieving his/her goal . in phoenix , the cause for most of the confusion was that dumbledore was reluctant to share certain information with harry . he explains his behavior in a most unconvincing way in the final pages . the secrecy was necessary for the story to take the course that it did , but it lacked good motivation and left me feeling let down . it reminded me of the natural disaster movie template where the world could be easily saved if not for an arrogant bureaucrat who refuses to listen to the young upstart with all the answers . it is contrived conflict that is hardly believable . do n't get me wrong . i love the harry potter series . and , perhaps my expectations have risen too high . i am eagerly awaiting the movie and then i know i will devour book 6 ( when i allow myself to read it ) . i lose interest in most book series after the first couple of installments . harry potter always leaves me wanting more
after reading this account of the acension of everest , you got ta wonder why anybody would want to . is it really worth it ? for the thrill seaking personality , of course it is . for normal people , forget about it . even if you are n't into climbing mountains , this book is gripping from page to page and you do n't want to put it down . krakauer 's first ( ? ) book - " into the wild " is also great but this one is better , being a first person account . i remember when this came out and the surrounding backlash that accompanied it from people associated to the dead . forget them , krakauer get 's it right , with no hidden agenda , unless you count surviving . i would have liked more commentary from the surviving members , though . and not to state the obvious to everyone else but me but why do they leave the bodies on the mountain ? they risk their lives to rescue the affirmed or injured living but once they 're dead , they just leave them there ? what 's up with that ?
there is about as much additional science in social intelligence , compared to emotional intelligence , as you could write on a postcard : mirror neurones and spindle cells . nevertheless , we can be thankful that daniel goleman chose to pay his tax bills this way . firstly , it serves to bring back the lessons of the earlier book to best-seller awareness , which is goodness . secondly , it re-casts them more clearly in an inter-personal format . note that this already existed in emotional intelligence , but was not so clearly called out . the most positive aspect is the confirmation provided by fmri studies to previous empirical or intuitive knowledge on the importance of inter-personal relationships to psychic ecology . a question-mark would be against the reliance on seligman 's and csikszentmihalyi 's questionnaire based results . questionnaire psychology is frustratingly limited in the gap between the suggestive nature of the results and the impossibilty of distinguishing between correlation and cause-effect
i am a big tananarive due fan because she never fails to deliver the goods in terms of interesting plot , storyline and characters , which many can be anyone of us . she is a fascinating author as she creates several different scenarios that are very different over a great span of time and unites them in a way that is nothing short of amazing . keep up the good work.....a t. due fan ! trinice s. moses - sisters with a purpose book clu
this book explains in simple terms all the stuff that the other one 's do n't explain . it 's one of the best books on photography hands down . it 's clearly the next step in amature photography you will need.i am currently waiting for it to arrive at my door . i have read it already . i want to own it so i have it forever . i plain on absorbing every comma , period and explaination mark , and explaining it to everyone . my hat 's off to the author . i like it
carl hiaasen , who pens a weekly column for the miami herald , certainly follows the adage " write what you know . " while he occasionally covers nationally significant events , hiaasen generally confines his writings to the fertile territory that is the state of florida . readers of hiaasen 's columns know well his passions and viewpoints . his sarcastic commentaries often take aim at such topics as the medical profession , land developers , crooked politicians , gun aficionados , tobacco companies , madcap theme parks and the destruction of florida 's environment . but weekly newspaper pieces are not the end of hiaasen 's caustic observations --- they are only the beginning . in 10 novels written over a span of 20 years , hiaasen has expanded upon all of these topics in hilarious tales that poke fun at every aspect of life in the sunshine state . nature girl is hiaasen 's 11th novel . while he skewers many familiar targets , there are a few new objects of ridicule for his skillful and entertaining writing . hiaasen 's florida romps all share common traits : quirky plots , countless screwball characters and an irreverent style that creates laughter on every page . the prime target for his ire in nature girl is boyd shreave , a telemarketer pitching florida real estate who places a sales call to honey santana , thereby setting in motion a chain of events familiar to any hiaasen aficionado . anyone who has experienced the pain of a telemarketing call interrupting a quiet and peaceful evening at home can identify with santana 's plot of revenge . she turns the tables on shreave and lures the unsuspecting pitchman to florida for a phony tour of nonexistent florida property . nature girl begins with an event not uncommon in a hiaasen novel : someone dies and someone else tries to dispose of the body . sammy tigertail , a fugitive half-breed seminole , takes a tourist out on his airboat . the tourist is frightened by a harmless water snake and dies of an apparent heart attack . panic-stricken , sammy decides to ditch the body somewhere in the ten thousand islands area of southeast florida . the cast of characters , as often occurs in a hiaasen novel , expands exponentially . shreave has a wife intent on divorce , along with a girlfriend who accompanies shreave on his ostensible florida vacation . eugenie fonda once achieved fame as the girlfriend of a tabloid murderer . while santana is obsessed with her plot to destroy shreave , she must also fend off the advances of a stalker known only to readers as mr. piejack and her drug-running former husband perry . add to the mix one florida state co-ed who falls in love with sammy tigertail and a private investigator hired by shreave 's wife to follow him on his tryst with eugenie , and the pieces to a puzzle that create a picture of hilarity are almost all in place . carl hiaasen is a genius in creating mayhem on the pages of his novels . characters move in all directions across florida , and readers may often have difficulty keeping track of their various escapades . in the end , however , everything comes together in a typical hiaasen conclusion . nature girl is pure hiaasen , and his many readers once again will experience the joy of his humor and his easily recognized and human characters . --- reviewed by stuart shiffma
excellent , realistic , practical advice . as parent of a very strong-willed two-year old , i continually found myself in a power struggle with him over everything ! after reading this book in a couple of hours , i immediately began implementing the techniques ( which are very common sense and simple ) , and now , just a couple of months later , i have a totally different relationship with my little boy . i no longer feel like i am controlling him all the time , he is happily independent in ways we are both comfortable with . this book really changed my life . btw , i had previously read the original love and logic for older children , which i liked , but it recommended spanking for children under 3 . this did not help ! ! ! ! ! this book recommends no spanking , but withdrawing all attention empathetically , which is what my pediatrician recommended , which actually works
again... early king is the best king . this book is so good you 'll read it back to back
john tyree is a soldier first , a man second . or so he thinks until he meets savannah lynn curtis . while on leave , he falls desperately in love with savannah , the proverbial girl of his dreams . sweet , intelligent , and giving , john knows he 'll always carry her torch . when september 11 changes the world , john is no exception . moved by patriotic loyalty , he chooses to " re-up " in the army , adding time to his service and breaking his promise to return to savannah . more promises are broken when he must attending to his ailing father . this is the story of how an ideal love can falter , despite its purity and strength . not every romance results in a happy ending , but with a great deal of luck , those who do n't survive will find meaning from the experience . love , loyalty , friendship--all those sentiments are great , but to what cost ? and how does this make a good man great ? this is john 's journey to that understanding . it goes without saying that nicholas sparks is one of today 's " master " storytellers . part of what makes him so successful is that he has the ability to create moving stories without pulling punches or painful twists . such is the case in dear john . sparks offers a love story that has all the requisite components--well-crafted setting , high emotion , obstacles , resolution--then breaks it . it is from the sadness that hope emerges , and john tyree , although still quite young , gains wisdom that will last a lifetime . sorrow will be a large part of this , yes , but there is room for something more , something that will reach beyond the pages and touch john 's tomorrow in a way only he will see . while this works , there is something lacking . it is one of those hard-to-define qualities that marks the difference between a good book and one that is outstanding . maybe it 's the heavy reliance on john 's soldiering as an excuse for certain behaviors . or perhaps it has more to do with aspects relating to john 's relationship with his father , who appears to have asperger 's syndrome . i 'm giving dear john 4-books for a beautiful story , but not five because of that indefinable element that was lost between idea and paper . reviewed by christina wantz fixemer 11/22/2006
dale carnegie is one of the authors i have admired for so long . there are numerous reasons why this book is a classic one . he deeply believes that in every person there is good and you can approach it . of course , there are many negative people who do n't like this book because they see everything in black and white . carnegie on the other side advocates a really delicate , positive and humane approach to everyone around you . it comes very close to " treat the others as you want them to treat you " . i am sure that if everyone read and apply the principles in this wonderful book , the world will be a better place . i am sure that you will be pleased as well with his talent to really understand what drives people . some of the key and basic motivators he discussed are sex and being important . his viewpoint is very close to the one of the bestselling author of scientfically guaranteed male multiple orgasms and ultimate sex . after all genius things are usually simple . carnegie explores the human nature and common hot buttons together with the reader and gives you tools to manage and push them at your will with the help of numerous examples . i liked that the book is practical , easy and fun to read , and most of all that it delivers great value . i can not say the same for many other books . definitely get a copy especially if you are a " good " person and prefer to treat people with respect and dignity
jared diamond has an ambitious goal : explain the history of mankind globally . his thesis is quite simple : different people had different histories because of geographical ( environmental ) , not innate ( racial ) differences . he presents , develops and defends his point of view brilliantly and forcefully . some people remained hunters-gatherers , while others became masters of the world . the crucial factor in human history is food . the availability of materials ( plants , animals ) for domestication leads to the production of food surpluses in some geographical fertile regions , which allowed the feeding of specialists outside agriculture ( craftsmen , warriors , bureaucrats , priests , kings ) . intensive food production , population size and societal complexity stimulated each other as fewer peasants were needed to feed the whole population . craftsmen developed maritime , military and industrial technology and warriors conquered new territories . population growth generated a centralized organization ( a state structure ) for decision making ( politics ) and conflict resolutions ( law ) . domestication provided other cardinal advantages . infectious diseases evolve from animal diseases . through intimacy with animals people became immune . but , when not immunized populations came in contact with immunized , they were wiped out . also , animals could be used as power engines and warrior transport means . other important historical factors were those related to transmission of acquired knowledge : migration and , cardinally , writing . while hunter-gatherer groups remained more or less egalitarian , states with centralized governments generated great differences of wealth . they became ruled by elite which controlled nearly wholly ( kleptocracy ) or partially the manna of the state ( the budget ) . but , how could the elite continue to control the masses ? jared diamond sees 4 different solutions : arm the elite and disarm the masses , redistribution of wealth , impose public order and curb violence ( police ) , construct ideology or religion to justify the kleptocracy . the author remarks judiciously that with the organization of the state the irrational beliefs of the population became institutionalized into an ` official ' religion . all in all , jared diamond 's book is a magisterial and very revealing darwinian essay about power problems and survival of the human species . a must read for all those interested in the history of mankind .
i seem to keep giving mr. king all 5 stars . well , so what ! ? his books are worth it . i took my time with this book because i knew it was the last one in the series and i did n't want it to end . the ending will send chills up your spine and you get closer and closer to the dark tower . the journey , the roses , roland , the history... king is one of the masters !
one of the most interesting books i 've ever read ! i could not put this one down . if all economics books were written this well , everyone would want to be an economist ! the author has a unique perspective on the analysis of data that is very compelling . he will make you question every " fact " you 've ever heard and observe the world around you from a different angle
a very solid and balanced recounting of the career in power of one of the most important diplomatic figures of the past one hundred years . in his book , professor beisner wisely concentrates almost entirely on the twelve years dean acheson was in power in washington , d.c . the great issues grappled with in the immediate years after world war ii still live with us today : russia , germany , vietnam , japan , north korea , israel , iran , france , and china/taiwan . if you are curious to know why some things are the way they are in today 's world , read this book . the number of key foreign policy challenges that flew at this talented secretary of state is astonishing
usually it 's a struggle to get my 10 year old son to read . he could not put this book down and has spent the last few days reading it aloud to me and citing different stories . now he wants me to look for similar books . a success !
barrow , an astronomer at the university of sussex when this book was published , provides an entertaining and informative account of the foundations and philosophy of mathematics . do mathematicians invent or discover mathematics ? what 'reality ' do mathematical entities like pi have ? what accounts for what physicist eugene wigner has called , in a now-famous paper , &quot ; the unreasonable effectiveness of mathematics in the natural sciences&quot ; ( 299 ) ? after an interesting account of the history of counting and numbers , barrow discusses in succeeding chapters the philosophies of formalism , inventionism , intuitionism , and platonism , a sophisticated version of which he seems to favor . perhaps most mathematical workers follow what alfred korzybski called &quot ; the 'christian science ' school of mathematics , which proceeds by faith and disregards entirely any problems of the epistemological foundations of its supposed ` scientific ' activities&quot ; ( science and sanity 748 ) . i commend barrow because he considers these epistemological questions important and writes about them so engagingly . barrow 's discussions of theories and personalities provide useful background for understanding mathematical foundations . as for barrow 's conclusions , from a non-aristotelian view , the appeal of platonism seems understandable as an example of identification , the confusion of orders of abstracting . barrow does n't seem to consider that mathematicians may both invent and discover mathematics . he seems so taken with the effectiveness of mathematics in the natural sciences that the notion of mathematical entities existing solely as high-order abstractions in human nervous systems seems insufficient to him . as korzybski pointed out , we live in a world of multi-dimensional , ordered structures or relations . it does not seem unreasonable , then , that we can map this world with an exact language of relations , i.e. , mathematics . but as korzybski also pointed out many times , &quot ; the map is not the territory.&quot
this is one of those life changing books . i first came across this while looking midlessly through my local " spiritual " bookstore and ended up reading the entire thing in the next two hours . as a fast read , with a simple , concise message , this book lacks nothing . it is n't dated , unless you consider religion or spiritual ideas dated . richard bach creates a story that can effect you as much or as little as you want- but it teaches the precepts of becoming a messiah yourself and helps you to view jesus , christianity , god , and yourself in a brand new light . needless to say , this is a five out of five . buy it today and then give it away
this book was mind expanding , and told a great story of exploring the facets of one 's personality and how much that personality is interdependent with his wife and others . my favorite part was the story of the " golden pages " where a person is taught by the wise man that truth of man 's existence is inspiring and worthy of discovery , but to share that truth with others is subjecting oneself to ridicule and criticsm , if not war
year in sports 2005 gives you all of 2004 . as well,it gives hockey,basketball and much more . it gives you fast facts,triva
i have been a fan of larry gonick ` s work for years ever since i first stumbled onto his cartoon guide to statistics . he covers a subject the way it should be covered-historically . innovations in science and math have moved along together in a historical time line . it was this historical approach that made carl sagan 's cosmos series one of the greatest innovations in the effort to popularize science . i have long said that we teach science backward . we still teach on a 19th century model . we start with biology , then chemistry , and finally physics . even when i was in high school , i wished that i could take physics before chemistry . before i was elected as a school board director , i was on our district 's gifted advisory council . i made the suggestion that we teach physics before chemistry and , then , biology last . i was immediately shot down by one of the other parents on the basis that sophomores do not have the math courses under their belts to tackle physics . so why not teach the math along with the science ? integrate it . ( no , that would make it too relevant . )  i felt vindicated when a friend of mine reported that she attended a lecture by a nobel laureate making the same assertion that i had been making for years-we teach science backwards . after all , the toughest course out there is biochemistry-at least that is what every med student i know has ever said . and biochemistry is the new frontier for blockbuster innovations-nano-technology not being the least of these frontiers . gonick underscores my assertion about teaching physics first , because in this book on chemistry , he introduces quantum mechanics , which is normally taught as physics , on page 28 . do n't let he word " cartoon " in larry gonick ` s books fool you into thinking that these are easy fluff surveys of the subjects involved . he makes each subject accessible while being entertaining , but each book stands on its own as a complete basic survey course of the subject . so when i needed to add about two dollars to my order to get free shipping , it took me about thirty seconds to find my book . i went right to larry gonick
an outstanding , conceptually challenging , classic exploration of the ontology of art . it may be daunting at first , but once you become accustomed to the level of abstraction of the text , it is extremely rewarding
sometimes advice coming from a parent is even better when it 's reinforced by an outside source . this book does just that . it 's practical and yet compassionate toward the sometimes awkward feelings young girls deal with .
i remember my father giving me this book when i was young . he was a junior high school english teacher and used this book in class . together we read the stories and i loved them . now i am a college professor and use the book in class myself . while some of the summaries are " dated , " they are still useful in communicating the basic action of the play to students and the very fact that they are " dated " allows the book to serve as an illustration of how interpretations of shakespeare 's plays have changed since the lambs ' time . i recommend this book heartily .
one of the best ! you can not go wrong reading this as an intro to islam . truly an insiders look . a must read for everyone who loves freedom
there are many books on arm 's architecture or manual references . so far , this book is the only book which concentrates on the firmware development side . both assembly language and c are discussed , which is a relief for embedded/firmware engineers like me who like to combine both languages in a project . the 15 chapters in the book are : 1- arm embedded systems 2- arm processor fundamentals 3- introduction to the arm instruction set 4- introduction to the thumb instruction set 5- efficient c programming 6- writing and optimizing arm assembly code 7- optimized primitives 8- digital signal processing 9- exception and interrupt handling 10- firmware 11- embedded operating systems 12- cache 13- memory protection units 14- memory management units 15- the future of the architecture the strength of this book lies on the extensive examples on how to program arm effectively . it is a nice guide for those who want to learn arm programming style
i read this book five years ago , when i was a manager leading a small company about 15 people . i honour management style that respect human nature . deming 's priciples presented in this book give me a systematic insight of the principles based on mutual trusting and respect . i used his approach -- our company makes good profit -- and more important , all the staff enjoy working in our company
if you are in the computer business , or in sales , you already know the dell story . it 's about a driven man , michael dell , who came up with a simple idea - direct sales - and then expanded his company into the world 's second biggest manufacturer of personal computers . dell 's personal story is inseparable from the story of his company , and his book gives readers his unfiltered , first-person perspective . he covers his company 's history , challenges , problems and successes in an unvarnished , matter-of-fact style . we highly recommend this book to anyone in the computer industry , to entrepreneurs and to managers who want to make their small businesses grow
thank you laura jensen walker for your tender , touching and humorous insight into the value of our special girlfriends . all women will love reading girl time
the characters are tom , a navy seal specializing is counter terroism home on medical leave visiting his uncle , and kally , a big-city doctor caring for her terminally ill father . sounds like a typical match for a romance novel , but this novel is so much more than that . kelly and tom have a past , but her father and his uncle has an even bigger past . all four of them have to draw on their pasts to protect the futures of themselves and many others . many long kept secrets must be bared and all their hearts must mend . i think i have yet another author to add to my favorite list . this novel not only has a suspensful , gripping plot , but is packed with romance , and excitment on many levels . most romance novels are only about two people with various cameo appearances by several others . not so , with this one . there are four different stories wrapped eloquently into one novel , and expertly blended to create the whole . the reader is kept guessing and there are surprises around evey turn . some are pleasant and some sad . this is truly a moving tale on all levels . you won 't be dissapointed
suzanne brockmann is an unbelievable writer and her stories always draw me in . the " mystery " portion of the story and the romance between jane and cosmo left a little to be desired . i really did n't understand why jane had to have her alternative personality as mercedes and cosmo was a little to soft for keeping up the hardened seal persona . these particular characters seemed a bit empty compared to jules and robin , who clearly stole the show in this book . as a matter of fact , of the different plots and stories going on in this book , jules ' was the best . it was not only very well-written and sweet , but even as a hetrosexual female , i could identify with jules and how he felt at times because what was happening to him , happens to all of us , whether you are in a gay or straight relationship . i am really hoping that jules either gets his own book , or has more appearances in future novels where he does find true happiness . i do share ms. brockmann 's opinion when it comes to differences in appearance , nationality , sexual orientation , etc . and i really like how she includes this in her books . as far as i 'm concerned love is love , no matter what and it 's portrayed beautifully here . please ms. brockmann , do n't allow the naysayers to steer you away from this storyline , it 's a very good one
i bought this book to start free weight training at home . it is wonderful for home use . the author describes the benefits of weight training and how to lift weights properly ( which i found very useful as a first time weight lifter ) . i love the descriptions that the author gives for each exercise . the author also color codes which exercises to do for each level of training . i would highly recommend this book to anyone who is first starting out with free weights .
as a prospective college student , i have to tell you how much i appreciate students ' guide to colleges . it combines many of the best features of the princeton review and fiske guides with much more comprehensiveness . i also appreciate that it is without any trying-to-sound-hip blather because these are not editor-interjected profiles , they 're written by actual students . this is a great compliment--i have been looking at colleges seriously for about a year , and this is the best guide to colleges among the many i 've seen . i also just read the oberlin college profile in this book with an oberlin alum and relative . she said that this was this most comprehensive and accurate oberlin portrayal she 's read in a guide . among other things , she and i loved the different student perspectives and the unthinkable-in-previous-guides questions like " what aspect of your school would a prospective student not see on a college tour ? " the guide 's honesty also impressed me , as the fiske guide lauded vassar 's " diversity , " for example , where students ' guide admits " although vassar likes to talk about diversity a lot , most students are actually wealthy and white . " i am confident in saying that anyone applying anywhere from hampshire to harvard will find this book incredibly useful ! ! -josh
the plot : after an emotional burnout , both elias winters and charity truitt are ready for a change . each ends up moving to whispering waters cove and operating a shop on crazy otis landing . the two are instantly attracted and end up investigating a murder together . i 've read this book twice . initially , i was disappointed in this book . i had just finished reading several other jak novels . similar plots , similar characters with similar backgrounds . ... reading this a second time without the jak marathon , i found it an enjoyable read . the characters are likable and respectable . good mystery . amusing read
you can always depend on the o'reilly " learning " series to provide an excellent detailed introduction to any language . you will be up and running after you read this book . my only complaint is the same material was covered several times as it was expanded in detail .
or so my wife tells me... she photocopied half the frozen yogurt section from the library before deciding we should buy the book . so far as i can remember , they were all good
i would strongly recommend that anyone interested in this book read the review of this book by m. goldin on h- net.it is comprehensive and comes from someone who served in an armed forces combat unit during the second world war . this book chronicles the negative and prejudiced attitudes held by various figures of the army throughout the past century . these attitudes may have been important in effecting the lives of individual soldiers at the unit level . they too may have had certain effect on overall u.s. policy in such matters as bombing the rail lines into auschwitz . there were also efforts to influence negatively american attitudes towards the emerging jewish state in israel . this is in a way a sad and yet important book to read . it chronicles how that fundamental american ideal of equal treatment of the individual human being was violated by prejudice , and ignorance .
'a little history of the world ' is exactly what the title indicates . gombrich takes the reader from the dawn of time to the mid-twentieth century . gombrich covers cave men , great religious leaders , philosophers , and events over an incredible timeline . i got this book for my eight year old son and i to read together . there were certain chapters and topics which grapped his attention . other chapters were a little over his head in regards to understanding the causes for certain events . in particular , the chapters covering the inquisition and the causes that lead to the french revolution were a little difficult for him to truely understand . this book is a great way to introduce a child to the wonderful stories that make up the world we live in . it may also be a stepping stone to further reading on subjects that spark some interest
the original publication of _the lives of john lennon_ in 1988 was accompanied by hysteria . much of it emanated from yoko ono , who likened goldman 's book to " being punched in the face . " yoko is a close friend of jann wenner of rolling stone magazine , which duly ran an article attempting to discredit goldman 's book . some of lennon 's fans took this behavior in and assumed that _the lives of john lennon_ was forbidden ; they would not read it because doing so would make them naughty . now , however , the dust has settled , and _the lives of john lennon_ holds up beautifully . each contention of goldman 's which was alleged to be outrageous in 1988 stands . remember the ridiculous panic over goldman 's portrait of lennon as a heavy drug user ? that drug use has now been acknowledged by just about everyone who knew lennon , including ono and lennon 's first wife , cynthia powell . the same is true about goldman 's claims about lennon 's tendency towards violence ( a tendency lennon himself owned up to in his playboy interview ) . and , while ono and others acted agitated over goldman 's depiction of lennon as bisexual , ono herself is found to have said she considered john lennon a " closet fag " in a 1981 interview . ( why , then , was ono so upset by the appearance of goldman 's book ? because of what it reveals about her . )  it will be clear to anyone who approaches goldman 's book with a fair mind that the outrage its publication originally sparked was unjustified . _the lives of john lennon_ is not dishonest or flawed in any way . a perusal at his " sources " section reveals his awesome thoroghness . goldman bravely explored areas of lennon 's and ono 's lives that others shied away from out of deference to ono , a worshipful attitude towards lennon , and a reluctance to figure things out . albert goldman was the most fearless and thorough writer to approach this subject . _the lives of john lennon_ might be overwhelming to the infantile fans who deify lennon , but for those with genuine interest in lennon , it is indispensable .
many reviewers of this book have given it high marks because it is a terrific tutorial and that introduces most of the crucial techniques for writing great reports . i would agree as i have reporting experience with ms-access and crystal and this book helped me get up to speed quickly . if you like learning in a step-by-step fashion right out of a book - this is the book ! the bad reviews came from people that were looking for more of a reference type book . while this book is not a bad reference it does fall short as a reference book . for example , one reviewer brought up that the ability to shade alternating detail rows of a report does not appear to be easy to find in this book . i would agree with that . i was unable to go into the index and find a quick solution in this book . if you want a better reference book try the wrox book , professional sql server 2005 reporting services . that book is not as good as this book from a step-by-step standpoint but it is a better reference when you need a quick solutions . for example , page 272 has code on how to shade alternating rows - they call it greenbar reports . it was not easy to find in this book either . how many people would look up " greenbar reports " in the reference ? i was looking into " shading alternative rows " . i just happened to stumble upon it . i bought both books together . of course there is lots of overlap but between the two that is all you will need to become a pro at reporting services . reporting services could use a cookbook-style text like they have for access and other programming languages . those types of books have served me well over the years . until then this book and the wrox book should do the trick
i am a lutheran church librarian and i am glad i bought this very satisfactory book for our church library . its text stresses that children are the same the world over . they have the same feelings and needs , and have the same hopes and dreams . the illustrations are a nice change from the usual . each page is surrounded by a gold picture frame in which faux jewels are embedded . the illustrations appear to be tempera or opaque watercolor , drawn in persian style . the colors are very saturated . the book 's cover gives you an idea of what they look like . the message of this book is one of diversity--that even though children live in different parts of the world and may have different nationalities , races , ethnicities , languages or faiths , they still have the same hopes , dreams and daily needs . this is a very important message for children to hear in today 's world where there is so much suspicion of those we " perceive " to be different . the more children realize that kids are the same everywhere , the more tolerant they will be . children pick up prejudice by the time they are three years of age , say researchers , so you have to nip it in the bud very early , and this book does that in a wonderful way .
i heard about this book from kelly and regis when they both raved about it on their talk show . i bought it and i 'm as excited about it a they are . it 's everything they promised and more -- and it 's actually fun to read which i never thought i 'd ever say about a &quot ; job&quot ; book
&quot ; stengel : his life and times&quot ; is no mere biography . it is a chronicle , not only of the earlier days of baseball , but of america itself . as a biography , it is superlative . as a history book , it stands on it 's own merits
i agree with the other reviewers that the book is worth buying and excellent to give you new ideas for using crochet with knitting . however , be warned that the sizing is fairly small . all of the womens patterns are either size 36 inch or 40 inch finished measurements except for one pattern which is 40.5 inches .
angels was the smallest college in cambridge . it was built at the beginning of the 15th century . fairly had a fellowship . st. angelicus students had to find their own lodgings . fred fairly had taken the science tripos and received a first class degree . he came from a rectory and so his material wants were limited . he was used to making do . at the end of his first year as a junior fellow he wanted to tell his father he was no longer a christian . fred knew the country was not a place of peace . the rectory had been built in 1830 . daisy saunders wanted to know how the human body worked and applied for nursing training . she was seventeen and her mother had died recently and she was free to live away from home . daisy , now known as saunders , was a probationer during her first year . she was told to keep her eye on james elder , an attempted suicide via the thames . it was january 1912 . to all the patients , except for the dying , food was of paramount importance . elder refused to eat . the constable had said he was a gentleman . he asked daisy if the incident had appeared in the press . for arranging for a notice about elder 's conduct in the newpaper , daisy was dismissed . fred fairly and daisy were in an accident with bicycles . a good samaritan thought they were married to each other and put them to bed together in the spare room to regain their health . fred was enchanted and afterwards he looked everywhere to locate daisy . the kindness of the wrayburns , the samaritans , gave daisy a place to stay in cambridge . she would do work in the house in exchange for room and board . she had traveled to cambridge to find work in a private hospital . happily daisy was employed at the mental hospital and fred found her again at the wrayburns' . they went for a walk in the country . fred asked daisy to marry him . mr. wrayburn told daisy that fred could not be a junior fellow if he married . in the trial , pertaining to the accident , the journalist , who had accompanied daisy to cambridge , was able to identify the man who drove the horse cart wildly causing the accident . when the heart is broken , efficiency is impaired . there was some suggestion in the testimony of the journalist that daisy had been or would have been used , but for the happening of the accident . daisy had to leave the wrayburns and cambridge because of what was disclosed in court . leaving her lodgings , she was free at last to cry over the hurt she had caused fred . daisy and fred passed each other on her way to the train station . we do not know what action , if any , resulted . both of the young characters are portrayed as having beautiful consciences . the writing is elegant .
i am a photographer and a writer and the author of numerous books on photography and i have had a copy of the sierra club engagement calendar on my desk every day for more than 20 years . i find this calendar to be an inspiration in terms of both its beautiful photography and its wonderful geographic diversity . i 've never had a photo published in the engagement book , but i 've probably gathered more inspiration and ideas from these little calendars than from the hundreds of how-to books in my office . the photos in these engagement calendars are the cream of the cream of the crop of the world 's best nature photography . master photographers like the late galen rowell , who had many dozens of photos published here , consider it one of their finest showcases--and who can blame them . sierra club has never relented on the quality of the reproduction of these superb datebooks and considering there are more than 50 photos in each book , the price is a bargain . i have used this calendar as a journal and a diary of my writing progress for , literally , decades . and whenever my brain starts to freeze after writing about photography for weeks on end and i need a new idea to write about , i simply flip through the calendars and i can discover hundreds of them in the work of many of the greatest modern nature-photography masters . also , when i 'm looking for travel ideas , places to go to shoot new pictures for my books , i also look here for inspiration and ideas . the mojave desert , monument valley , the everglades , the sonoran desert--these are all places that i learned about in great detail from these datebooks . you learn more about a place by seeing great photos of it than you ever will by reading about it--or so i feel . ( of course , you learn a great deal more if you hop on an plane and go see it ! )  finally , i gave my mother the engangement calendar for christmas every year for around 20 years and she used them as a daily journal . i still have every one of those journals and they are a great joy to flip through and see what she was up to each day . why this long winded ( and very sincere ! ) endorsement for such a simple product ? because i owe these caldendars ( and the sierra club ) a debt of gratitude for inspiring me day after day , year after year , with the greatest photography in the world . if you have a young photographer in your life , inspire them , show them how spectacular photographs of the natural world can be . for an investment of under $ 15 you can change their perceptions of nature and help educate them about fine photography . someone gave me my first copy of this calendar many years ago and i 've been grateful ever since . of course , i have to warn you , once you look at some of these photos you 'll want to put your camera up on ebay : ) but do n't do it ! instead , use these photos as your photographic inspiration and your goal . jeff wignall author , the joy of digital photography ( lark books
my son had visited several colleges , and was having a terrible time figuring out which ones he would " fit in " and get the best educational experience from . he ended up reading this book and visited a few of them that he liked the descriptions of . after applying to , and getting accepted at , four of the schools in this book ( and two not in the book ) he ended up at denison university . he 's in his second year , and just loves it . i 've always felt a little " indebted " to this book , so i thought i 'd leave this review
going into the business , i bought this book and found it very helpful . this one as well as " i 'm living your dream life " by michele cozzens are well worth the money
i originally bought this for my almost-2-year-old because i wanted him to have a new alphabet book with both upper and lower case letters shown ( there are not many out there besides chicka chicka boom boom ) . instead it has become a favorite of my three year old who already knows her letters . the reason : this book shows the letters and has beautiful illustrations of many items in one picture that begin with each letter . some things are easy to find in the picture and others are more challenging . it is a beautiful book that provides " i spy " and " where 's waldo " type challenges . i highly recommend this book for the 1-5 crowd
a really great book by a great man . i almost laughed out loud while on a train and am sure people thought i was crazy . the book made me wonder how can you lead such an interesting life and yet win a nobel prize in physics ( i guess you can ) . though the book does not follow a chronological order , i could feel the earlier part corresponds to the youthful times in his life ( if he ever got old ) . towards the later stages in the book i could also sense some cynicism in his words and he feels strongly about the lack of integrity , particularly in scientific research and life in general around him . a wonderful book that gives some insight into a brilliant mind and inspires to think while learning and not just memorize facts .
as a recent grad of an org chem graduate program who had to suffer through the nearly 20 year old text " mechanism and theory in organic chemistry " by lowry and richardson , this book by anslyn and dougherty is a fabulous update that is easy to read and great asset to any chemistry student . i agree with the other reviewers that the problem sets are challenging , the text is clearly written , and the material relates well back to current research issues . if you are a graduate student considering getting another reference to help you through your organic chemistry graduate program , get this book before you try " advanced organic chemistry : structure and mechanisms " by carey and sundberg . i expect that " modern physcial organic chemistry " will become a staple to most chemist 's shelves similar to that of a crc handbook or " advanced organic chemistry " by march .
line by line , this book has some of the best writing i 've seen in a while . this is an amazing thing , since it 's still very fast-moving and not at all overwritten . the author just has an amazing eye for detail and a very crafty sense of humor . the book surprised me constantly with its insights , and these characters were so real to me by the end that i missed them for a week . i read craig 's first book , and it does n't stand up to this at all . it 's exciting to see how much the writer has improved , and i ca n't wait for the next one
alistair maclean combines psychology , action , history , sociology , and intrigue into a wonderful spy story . the hero potrtays a tried and true james bond without the condescending attitude . there 's none better
i 've read , and re-read the book , although not it 's full content , but randomly i open it and find a surprise each time . i just love it
i 've gotten through about 1/3 of the book and i 'm highly amused . the first 50 pages are muddled and rather pointless so far . however , i 've laughed my way through them . one thing eco has is a very sophisticated sense of humor . if you enjoy a mental challenge and writing that 's loaded with wit , i 'd suggest picking up this book . i never knew there were four kinds of people before : morons , fools , lunatics and cretins . and i may just be a fool . : )
this entry in the fang mulheisen series came as a surprise . it was closer to something by elmore leonard or even carl hiaassen . great , engaging characters , funny dialogue and an excellent plot
if you have been freezer cooking for awhile or are completely new to it you will enjoy this book because it has a different spin on freezer cooking than the classics . i started with once-a-month-cooking and at the time it seemed revolutionary , but , though i loved it was a hard days work . then came jill bond and she was really talking bulk cooking ! when deborah 's first book came out i was excited because it fit in with my low-on-cash , short-on-time lifestyle . this book is terrific because it provides a healthy alternative that is still pretty inexpensive . the meals are more than casserole and there are lots of options that are more appealing for the warmer weather when you do n't want to heat up the kitchen . my favorites are the cheese and chicken shells ( not for everyone however ) chicken enchiladas ( taste great made with homemade whole-wheat tortilla , if you do that ) , crab rice chowder ( gourmet ) , bean casserole and everyone loves spaghetti pie . there are lots of good recipes in this book . the drawbacks of this book is that after a few initial sessions i felt that i was more likely to choose some favorites than to use her already laid out sessions...that is okay , but , not as easy as using the shopping lists and plans . worth trying if you are serious about freezer cooking , but i would start with frozen assest first
i had eyed this book for quite some time before i purchased it , and i am so glad i did ! the pictures of the drinks are so tempting and beautifully done that you are warmed up just by flipping through the book ! most of the recipes in this book are alcohol based , so do n't pick this book up looking for lots of kid-friendly drinks ( though there are definitely some that kids would enjoy , such as a s'mores hot chocolate ) . the recipes are all simple and there is a nice section on creating garnishes . order this book and get ready to sit back and enjoy some tasty , piping hot drinks
this is an excellent book on the role of the state after a revolution , how it will wither away , and what a society should look like ( or try to mould itself into ) after the revolution . lenin , drawing on the works of marx and engels extensively , refutes many claims by both the anarchists and opportunists on the role of the state , and corrects many common errors believed about the marxist road to socialism . this is a thoroughly informative read . i recommend those wondering how a communist society would emerge after a revolution to get this book ; it will open your eyes widely
this book is a great thing to have for anyone involved in the world of theatre . it does the hard work of picking out a crucial 16-bar piece of a song for you ! great for auditions . the book has selections from musicals ( old and new , familiar and rare ) , as well as movies ( even some disney ! ) . there 's one for every vocal part . granted , not every piece is exactly 16 bars . some go a bit over , but this is usually excusable due to proper phrasing . it 's well worth looking into for those who are just starting out . it 's also a way of introducing yourself to a variety of musicals
the big sky is not just a masterpiece , it 's probably the masterpiece of the genre of western frontier fiction . this is unusual because it deals with a moment in time that is n't really dealt with that much - the rocky mountain fur trade during its golden age of about 1820 - 1850 . the cowboy era has been responsible for most of western film and literature , partly because the images and events that happen in that world are recognizable to us : the economic and social issues you always see dealt with in " cowboy " movies mirror our own experiences in many ways . the cowboy has also been said to be an image of freedom to americans , when actually nothing was further from the truth . cowboys were regular working stiffs , about as romantic as carpenters or plumbers in their own day . they did n't consider themselves " free " , nor would they have spent much time thinking about it during their brutal 14 hour work day . they did what they did because they loved horses and riding and cattle and it was good honest work that paid a living wage , and there was a bit of swagger to it - people in town recognized cow hands for the tough-as-leather men they were , especially with their characteristic boots and hats and general flair for the dramatic that many had . but it was backbreaking work , and the entire cowboy heydey lasted less than 30 years . i said all that to say that " the big sky " really is about freedom , and really is about the west . it 's about the true , wild , primitive west , before the plow , before roads , when there were still huge , intact indian cultures in place with armies of horsemen and enormous herds of buffalo . so it 's interesting to me that this genre is largely ignored , but i can see why - there are no set-piece plots just begging to be turned into movies - no " new sherriff in town " characters , because there are no sherriffs , and no towns other than a few trading posts . there is only the land and the sky and the interaction between a few incredibly brave white men and all those indians . if you do n't already know , this is the story of boone caudill and his friend jim deakins , and several important side characters , but it 's basically boone 's book . he 's driven west by an aching need for wildness and freedom , and is pushed out by a brutal father . he makes his way west to st. louis , along the way befriending deakins , in hopes of meeting his uncle zeb who had become a trapper years earlier . the rest of the tail is complex and interlaced , and not a simplistic good guy/bad guy plot at all , and what stands out is the crystalline depictions of the people and places and over all , arching like the sky itself , is freedom . freedom to roam at will in that beautiful country is the main character of this book . freedom is the religion , the politics , the philosophy , the recreation - it is everything that is important . the trappers are there to trap - sure - but they 're really there because this is a wild , free place , where they will not be hampered by rules , where they can be natural men . it sounds over romanticized , but it really did happen that way , and from what we know , that is truly the way they felt about their lives and why they endured the agonies of that existence . despairing that new settlers are moving west and building farms and towns , boone cries " lord , jim - remember the tetons standing proud in the sun , and the seeds ke dee...do n't you remember her when she was all purty and new and not a man track on her save injun ? " this novel makes you sob like few i 've ever read . the sense of loss , the closing of an age of the world , hangs in the air like mist . they are going to be the last to see something so precious , and for their pains they get to watch their world wither and die under the press of settlement . the movie " the mountain men " with charleton heston comes close to capturing a tiny bit of this book , and you can tell it 's inspired in many ways by it , but no other book or film has ever come close to truly painting the world of the mountain man as has this novel . " jeremiah johnson " is another good film , with many fine touches . but if you want to follow the water up stream , back to its source in the mountains , then please , before you grow too old , read " the big sky " and open your heart to that time and place and the wild , brazen beauty of the america few americans know ever existed
this is a great compliment to the more project-based make magazine , as it focuses a little more on the personalities of the " makers . " of course , it also describes ( and shows , in beautiful photographs ) , their projects , but it 's a great way to see into the personal side of the amateur engineers , bored brainiacs , and fringe-worthy souls who are the heart of the newest form of the diy geek culture : creating incredible , real-world projects , from the mega ( a home built submarine for 3 ) to the micro , ( a diy bat detector ) , to the whimsical ( a lego blocks project that will solve the rubik 's cube ) . if you 're a vociferous reader of slashdot , you may have seen some of these projects before , but the book really gets into the motivation behind them . production values , writing , and design are superb , and of course , urls are provided so you can find out more on the makers ' sites . bottom line , this fascinating survery of make culture ( and cool projects ) is a must for every geek 's coffee table , and it 's also a great way to introduce your mom into what it is you actually do with your spare time. .
a wild and crazy ride on a submarine stuck in the arctic ice . this book is full of crazy characters ! both two legged and four legged . a must read for anyone looking adventure in the high arctic
this one i read before i started leaving my reviews on amazon . it 's a wonderful story . you 'll love the characters . absolutely a 5 star read
my comments are not on the cev translation , but rather on this particular edition . among all low cost editions of the whole bible ( protestant canon ) , this one is outstanding in three respects : 1 ) it has the most extensive annotations ( footnotes , introductions and outlines for each book of the bible , and study helps ) of any . they are not as extensive as many full-fledged study bibles , of course , but it is a fraction of the price . 2 ) these annotations appear to have been designed to be solely descriptive , not reflecting any particular theological or scholarly bias . thus , this edition can be used by persons with quite a wide range of theological orientations . 3 ) it has the largest print size . ( many low cost editions have rather small print . )
if you have ever needed to change a part on your bike , upgrade to something better , change out your drivetrain , tune your derailleur 's , or even true a wheel... this is the book for you ! with awesome in depth pictures , and step by step technical procedures for doing just about anything to the bike that you so dearly love . john barnett 's experience with bike repairs far surpasses that of the guy that you normally bring it into for those expensive repairs , so spend the money for the book , and save money in the future while at the same time learning from one of the top professionals in his business ! do it , it 's an awesome book
a narrow book for a wide-range art specialists . needs to be supplemented with other amazon 4-5 books concerning the problem of forgery
i enjoyed every chapter and i especially appreciated the author 's hand drawn illustrations . i also learned a lot about how forests develop and the importance of biological diversity . i think that i will now see a lot more when i walk in forest . like the other reviewer , i feel inspired to acquire some acres of logged out land up north and let the forest grow
i thought this was an excellent book . those who say this wo n't turn you into a champion overnight , i 've got news for you - no book can do that . only you can...i 've raced ( retired now ) for most of my adult life including some pro races , some of my crew have gone onto champ cars , nascar , and f1 , i was lucky enough to be associated with a team that won the champ car title and my engineer was from that team . this book gives excellent information and if you can read between the lines you will learn quite a bit that can help you in your racing career . those who ca n't learn anything from this book are advanced enough they do n't need to buy any books , but most of us do n't have last names like andretti , senna , unser , etc . if any of you have ever read senna 's book on driving you might also say it 's nothing special but you need to read between the lines and figure out what he is alluding to , not what he writes directly about . few people will directly give you the " secrets " to motorsports
peter watson , holding a number of research degrees , offers a comprehensive intellectual history of the 20th century in this book . not being an easy read , it takes some time to get through . the main strengths of this book are placing the intellectual development of the 20th century in its economic and social context . this is quite an achievement , considering the remarkable scientific and technological advances and the fragmentation of human knowledge into many small and specialised areas in very arcane topics . watson tends to cover science the best , and provides excellent accounts of the development and progress of 20th century science , including the theories of relativity , quantum mechanics , scientific cosmology , evolutionary biology and the discovery of the gene . however , the book falls down in some parts where it covers philosophy . watson dismisses husserl 's phenomenology as 'abstract ' and of little importance , when in fact phenomenology was probably the most important philosophical school in the 20th century along with analytical philosophy , founded by russell and wittgeinstein , and attracted so many leading european minds to philosophy in a time when science was at its zenith of glory . overall though , watson 's work is a very important attempt to see where we are in what we know , and where we are going .
i read this book in less than one week . normally i spend and average time of a month in finishing a book , but this was one of the &quot ; rare&quot ; cases that the reading last until 2 am . marcus travels to a wild land , germania libera in order to send a gift of the emperor and ends with his life in hands of a german sorceress . the full novel is filled with action and historical references , it 's worth the money !
i absolutely loved this book ! i could relate to each of the four women at different times in their lives . it reminded me to take all things to him in prayer at all times
it was a gift for my nephew and it delivered . he just could n't put it down before he recognized all the characters
having worked with vbscript for a little over four years i am by no means an expert ; however , i feel that my experience does give me somewhat of an advanced applied knowledge of scripting . i was pretty skeptical when i saw the word " advanced " in the title , but this book laid all my concerns to rest in the early chapters . the book begins with securing ( including digital certs and policies ) and encoding scripts as well as listing some nice techniques for implementing alternate credentials in wmi and adsi . for me personally , the real meat and potatoes of the book was the copious information pertaining to working with wsf and wsc files . don and jeffrey take the time to detail the reasons behind xml functionality as well as it 's application within the scripted files . these guys clear up a lot of questions on these two subjects and how to package your scripts using these technologies . they wrap up the package peice with explanations around hta 's and form controls in html scripts . the book moves on to cover topics such as adsi and ado scripting , working with wshcontroller and remote scripts , wmi and wql classes and techniques , and different applicable real world examples . all this information is then wrapped up with tidbits of using scripting editors to debug , sign , and package your scripts as well the wizards ( wmi , adsi , wsf , etc ) and other tools available to make scripting easier . i 've obtained quite a few vbscript books over the years and this one is by far the only one dedicated to truly advanced vbscripting . if you are new to scripting with vbscript , you might want to start with another book geared to learning the methods , properties , classes , etc of the syntax and the technologies it can use . while this book does offer great explanations on advanced topics , you really need to have a solid background in scripting before you read it . thumbs up ! highly recommended bang for the buck
rather than reading a biography of red auerbach , wilt chamberlain and bill russell , turn to this period book ! here you get everything : a complete portrayal of the situation of african american who were just starting to segregate professional sports outside of the brooklyn dodgers . but at the same time it is an introduction to a time , when athletes were not the superstars of today . on top of that , you get enough biographcal information on russell and chamberlain , but also on cousy , auerbach and many others . the book is very well written and starts right with information , no tedious introduction to plough through
i got this book for my fiance on the recommendation of my rabbi . she loves it .
as a visual arts student coming to terms with the whole conceptual ideology in contemporary art , i found this book an excellent choice for delving into the theoretical side of contemporary photgraphy . this book is definitely not bedtime reading . trust me , i tried it and kept myself awake ! there is also an excellent reference to archives , journals and other books to peruse . i found the book easy to understand and has helped me immensely in my quest to understand what constitutes visual art in current times . an excellent choice for all those contemplating a visual arts career using photographic image
if you are into cooking than this is the book you must have . this is not another recipe book but a complete culinary referance for both novice cook and expert
_the new taste of chocolate_ has the beautiful pictures of a coffee table book , but it has a lot of academic substance and a lot of value to the reader . the main chapters are : - growing up with cacao - a natural and cultural history of chocolate - from cacao to chocolate - identifying cacao - tasting chocolate - recipes  there is also a glossary , and a list of companies to order fine chocolate from . for a beginner like myself , who loved chocolate but had n't progressed much beyond hershey 's with almonds when i read the book , _the new taste of chocolate_ was very educational . it explained the path from cacao bean to chocolate bar , and it also explained the difference between dark chocolate , milk chocolate and white chocolate . it explained how cocoa powder comes from chocolate , why chocolate is so difficult to make candy with if you do n't know what you 're doing , and why fancier recipes will sometimes specify chocolate manufacturer and cacao percentage . it was also quite interesting to read about the guidelines for tasting chocolate . the discussion about criollo , forastero , and trinitario cacao plants was very fascinating from a scientific standpoint . i later found that what is true for cacao trees is true for many other types of plants ( including wheat ) : the plants that make the tastiest & highest quality edible parts are also the least productive and most delicate , so growers & breeders have to choose whether to grow something that will almost certainly produce a less-desired but still profitable crop , or to grow something that has an uncertain yield but is highly profitable should the plant actually produce anything . the recipes were also interesting . after reading this book , i became more adventurous in my chocolate-tasting and started trying some of the european imports i see in the local grocery stores . my only regret is i am now knowledgeable enough and my tastes are spoiled enough that m&ms and hersheys with almonds seem pretty bland
this book has a photo of each dessert so you can see what you 're making and easy recipes that look impressive , all using a cake mix box of some kind . their snickerdoodle cake uses a white cake mix , some other ingredients , and includes a cinnamon buttercream frosting recipe . yum ! i love the variety of recipes ( bundts , bars , round , layered , etc . ) and my kids and i can do many together . i think the packaged cake mixes from the store have a nice taste , so these recipes just build on those mixes . i just want easy recipes that are n't intimidating , and this book is the solution for that . i highly reccommend the cake mix doctor .
this was a childhood favorite of mine which i frequently read in the library of the troy jewish community center 87 first street . i can remember sitting there and reading about such questionable greats as harry danning , sid gordon and moe berg . of course there were undoubted greats like hank greenberg and sid luckman . and there was in boxing too barney ross and benny leonard . perhaps there are more up- to- date books about jews in sports but i doubt there are any which tell a story as well , and give the young person such a warm feeling about the jewish contribution to what seemed at that time of life , the most important form of human activity .
this is an easy to use instructional manual with practical assignments to help you retain the information given . highly recommended
we love this book - mom and two year old included ! gerald the giraffe finds music that he loves and is able to dance like never before . fun text , colorful illustrations . this is a book we have read over and over in our house . has a great message about finding the music that works for you . i love it so much i bought a copy for our niece !
if one approaches this book with a view to learning music theory , one would be slightly disappointed . the author brushes right through the fundamentals but that is to be expected from an outline book of this type . all in all , i think this book will come in useful after i 've learned music and need to review theory from time to time . great book though
i 'm a fan of bill myers work and have been since " blood of heaven " . this one slipped by me somehow and when i saw it i immediately got it . while the plot is somewhat tight for the most part , i do have some problems with parts of it . for one thing , the thought of a terrorist who will kill someone very close to him ( read the book to find out ) should n't have any qualms about killing millions of others . so why is he so intent on the stones ? but the most annoying part of the book is the fact that people call each other by their names so much that it gets old . the minute anything happens , they 're all screaming each other 's names in the midst of the chaos until you finally just want them to shut up and get on with it . for the first-time emergency , we can live with it...but when something happens every few chapters , you 've got to have a break ! " daniel ! " " tyler ! " " helen ! " " tyler ! " " daniel ! " " dad ! " " helen ! " " tyler ! " give me a break ! otherwise , a good story...though not up to the same level as " threshold " or " blood of heaven " ( definitely better than " eli " though ) . recommended
the quality of this presentation is far above what one normally sees in &quot ; game&quot ; cookbooks . lots of color pictures ; all recipes tried so far are keepers . btw : elk substitutes straight across in most of the recipes so its like two books in one
if you want great mathematical puzzles , you buy a terry stickels puzzle book . if you want to read about the universe from the world 's best amateur mathematician and physicist , you read martin gardner . if you want a professional 's point of view of all the above , you read anything by ian stewart . this is simply a must read for all clear thinking people
this book gives very good advice about managing behavior problems in difficult children . however , the concept of a " strong-willed child " is confusing because it implies a child with will power or self control . these difficult children actually have poor will power and self control . the techniques given in this book will help teach such children self control . it is important to understand that the cause of the strong-willed child is an excessive drive for power over others . the strong willed child wants to be captain and he wants everyone else including his parents to be a deck hand . parenting this type of child correctly , will help him learn to better control himself and respect others . however , he will likely never be the compliant child that some parents are hoping for . [ .. .
i 'm not the expert fencer i long to be ( yet ) , but i do have an ever-growing collection of swords , mostly gifts from grateful spanish patrons , but i 've also been able to purchase and acquire blades from several countries . the pride of my collection is a fairly well-preserved roman sword from the reign of trajan . burton was , as we all know , something of a dabbler . in this book , he offers us not only straight history of the sword , but also countless fascinating bits of sword lore . i quite frankly ca n't imagine any sword lover being without this book . i am looking for a first edition , but for now , this reprint is a valued part of my library
joe pickett 's daily life is not as enjoyable as it once was . his wife now has a successful business and brings home a lot more money than he does , and there 's still the temptations both of them thought about while joe was away at jackson hanging over their marriage . his relationship with his fast growing up daughter sheridan is not what it once was and his new boss is doing everything he can to make joe 's life a misery . throw in a civil war between saddlestring 's largest family and the appearance of , after along term behind bars bloodthirsty j. w. keeley , who will not stop at anything until he has avenged his daughter 's ( joe 's stepdaughter 's ) death through the slow and torturous murder of joe pickett , and one way or another the era of saddlestring 's game warden is set to end . c.j . box 's joe pickett adventures seem to very in style with each novel . the initial open season was a surreal not quite but almost carl hiaasen type novel , then savage run turned the series into a more traditional thriller type of adventure . trophy hunt introduced a very far fetched paranormal element into the series and as many , i was glad when out of range returned this series to the traditional believable realistic type thriller , a style which continues with in plain sight . i would strongly suggest reading these books in order , starting with open season as parts of previous novels are given away in subsequent ones and in plain sight is certainly no exception to that . it will be interesting to see if c.j . box continues with the characters of this series in some form or another or if his next book will be a totally different kind of adventure .
in plain sight offers an exceedingly thin plot and thin characters , but it is still an enjoyable read owin entirely to author c. j . box 's prowess at telling a story . saddlestring , wyoming is enjoying the dawning of spring and , unsuprisingly for a police procedural , a possible murder . opal scarlett , the grand and really mean old lady of thunderhead ranches , has disappeared and perhaps has been the victim of foul play . tom wayman , an alcoholic fishing guide , is brought in as a suspect . opal , in violation of the law , charged wayman and other boaters a fee for navigating the river that runs through her land . she strung up razor wire across the river and the lazy sheriff thinks a drunken wayman killed her when he tossed her into the river . frankly , there 's not a lot of excitement here . joe pickett , wyoming game warden , is dealing with a problematic new boss and his 14 year old daughter , sheridan . sheridan just happens to be the best friend of jule scarlett , daughter of hank scarlett , one of two brothers who might be heir to the big ranch . of course , they ca n't find a will and the two brothers are smashing each other with shovels when joe arrives to drop off julie . julie , it turns out , does n't live with her father hank . no , she lives with opal 's eldest son , arlen , on his " side " of the ranch . there 's a third brother , wyatt , who is a bit on the weird side . the very weird side . enter j. w. keely , a good old boy , who is on the run from mississippi where he has murdered a couple . on his way to wyoming to settle a personal vendetta against joe pickett , keely murders a prisoner and then guns down a cowboy who did nothing more than get keely angry . again , not much here . keely is not a convincing bad guy ; more like a typed out description of a " bad " guy . under the name of bill monroe ( which author box reminds us several times is also the name of a famous country and western musician ) goes to work for both of the arlen brothers . golly gee : several nasty things happen at the pickett household . oh my , the fbi keeps inquiring into the whereabouts of nate romanski ( or something close to that spelling ) who apparently figured largely in a previous novel . all this produces tension in the pickett household , high job stress , arguments with best friends . yawn . just not a lot of excitement here either . finally comes the climax . rain . thunder . floods . pickett 's daughers kidnapped ! the truth comes out ! box tries for a surprise ending , but it 's kind of like a wet firecracker . all that said , " in plain sight " is still an enjoyable , if not particularly suspenseful , read . he has a strong writing style and does a nice job of weaving in a feel for wyoming 's people that is , in my opinion , stronger than the underlying story . this is the sixth of the joe pickett novels . i wo n't be going out of my way to read the older ones , but i will keep an eye out for anything new by box . he 's definitely a comer even if he has n't arrived . jerr
this book is comprehensive and easy to follow . every recipe i have tried has worked . the pecan pie recipe is especially good , and very easy for novice bakers . if you could have only one dessert book on your shelf , this would be it
growing one 's herbs is satisfying but using them completes the cycle . if you 've ever wondered what to do with all the herbs you 've managed to put in your garden over the years this book can help you . if you are just starting out with herbs this book can get you going properly . not only does it have recipes but it has some ideas that i never could have imagined let alone used . the bulk of the book is dedicated to the herbal index which is extremely helpful . each illustrated herb is broken down and expalined simply as to it 's use , from root to leaves . the only problem i found with this section is that it is organized by their botanical names , which unless you 're so inclined is difficult to find quickly . this is a minor problem that is remedied by the oversized common name , which of course is not alphabetized but more recognizable . a page is dedicated to over 100 of the most common herbs used . it tells you how to cultivate the individual herb and it 's uses , which includes the medicinal use . even if i do n't use all the herbs or have them growing in my garden it is fascinating to know the historical and contemporary use of herbs . this book is a constant learning experience that can be read over and over . a perfect garden companion for that break under a tree . the knowledge can prove to be invaluable . even such common herbs as thyme can present posssibly new insights into it 's benefits . have trouble sleeping ? the leaves of thyme can help insomnia as well as stimulate the production of white corpusules to resist infection amongst it 's many other attributes . there is much more information than i need here but there is something for everyone , from herbal dyes , to baths and massages and to the ever popular potpourri . this is , as the title suggests , the complete book on herbs . a great book for the kichen or to help you plan your herb garden , this book has as many uses as the author presents uses for the herbs
histoire et collections has done it again.a fine work of the quality which the collector and researcher has come to expect from this publisher . i have previous works on the british tommy in nw europe and canadian soldiers . all are elaborately illustrated with charts , individual item photos , and reconstructions worn by models of combinations of equipment and clothing as qoen in northern europe . in addition there are many lists , charts , and tables gathering together informatioon gleaned from many scarce and obscure publications . muxh of rhia work has appeared in the excellent french language periodical militaria published also by histoire et collections . this method of proceeding has the great virtue of first publishing in a more temporary format and inviting the readers to submit corrections and additional data which can be used to improve the final work published in book form
i love to browse through different cookbooks . i have quite a collection , and usually go to the library to find new recipes to try before i decide to purchase the entire book . i normally look for 3 things in a cookbook , besides delicious recipes that will work for my family . this includes : 1 ) pictures of more than 3/4 of the recipes ( color pictures are the best ) 2 ) a spiral binding , or at least one that easily lays flat 3 ) new & innovative recipes that have ingredients i can easily find at a grocery store  i also prefer if the cookbook lists all of the nutrient information including sodium , fat content , protein , fiber , and carbohydrates . i picked up this book to find new ideas to make a quick meal in-between working and shuffling the kids to various sporting and school events . let 's face it , eating out is n't always the best for you , especially since you can not always tell exactly how much fat or sodium you are ingesting . i wanted some new recipes to try , but not necessarily a dish that would have my kids eyeing it suspiciously and saying " what is it ? " . i was not disappointed . the book offered many beautiful color photographs , and the pages themselves were glossy and thick...not the cheaper paper that many cookbooks use . all of the nutrient information was included , along with a column called " nutrient bonus " that lets you know if the dish contained a lot of vitamin c , calcium , etc . the book was hard cover , but the binding was loose enough that my copy easily lays flat , another good bonus so that i was not always struggling to keep my page open . it also contains a rather large vegetarian section . some of our favorites include : seafood salad with citrus vinaigrette , bistro beef salad , vietnamese style beef & noodle broth , mock risotto , chicken stuffed with golden onions & fontina , almond crusted chicken fingers , beer-battered tilapia with mango salsa , and loaded twice baked potatoes . enjoy !
i can not adequately express what this book did for me . i related to many of the stories , followed the advice , and am now a happier , healthier and more successful person than i was before . how can you beat that
this book was great in helping me identify the details of my smle iii , including decypering all the symbols . it also provided a nice history lesson on the rifle . i would recommend for collectors , those who own one , or those that just have an interest in them
trotsky once wrote that of the three great tragedies in life- hunger , sex and death- revolutionary marxism , which was the driving force behind his life and work , mainly concerned itself with the struggle against hunger . that observation contains an essential truth about the central thrust of the marxist tradition . however , as trotsky demonstrates here , marxist methodology can not and should not be reduced to an analysis of and prescription for that single struggle . here trotsky takes on an aspect of the struggle for mass cultural development . in a healthy post-capitalist society mass cultural development would be greatly expanded and encouraged . if the task of socialism were merely to vastly expand economic equality , in a sense , it would be a relativity simple task for a healthy socialist society in concert with other like-minded societies to provide general economic equality with a little tweaking after vanquishing the capitalism mode of production . what marxism aimed for , and trotsky defends here , is a prospect that with the end of class society and economic and social injustice the capacity of individual human beings to reach new heights of intellectual and creative development would flourish . that is the thought that underpins trotsky 's work here as he analyzes various trends in russian literature in the immediate aftermath of the october revolution of 1917 . in short , marxism is certainly not a method to be followed in order to write great literature but it does allow one to set that literature in its social context and interrelatedness . you will find no deconstructionist or other fashionable literary criticism here . quite the contrary . here trotsky uses his finely tuned skill as a marxist to great effect as he analyzes the various trends of literature as they were affected ( or not affected ) by the october revolution and sniffs out what in false in some of the literary trends . mainly at the time of writing the jury was still out about the prospects of many of these trends . he analyzes many of the trends that became important later in the century in world literature , like futurism and constructivism , and others- some of which have disappeared and some of which still survive . the most important and lasting polemic which trotsky raised here , however , was the fight against the proponents of ` proletarian culture' . the argument put forth by this trend maintained that since the soviet union was a workers state those who wrote about working class themes or were workers themselves should in the interest of cultural development be given special status and encouragement ( read a monopoly on the literary front ) . trotsky makes short shrift of this argument by noting that , in theory at least as its turned out , the proletarian state was only a transitional state and therefore no lasting ` proletarian culture ' would have time to develop . although history did not turn out to prove trotsky correct the polemic is still relevant to any theory of mass cultural development . one of the results of the publication of this book is that many intellectuals , particularly western intellectuals , based some of their sympathy for trotsky the man and fallen hero on his literary analysis and his ability to write . this was particularly true during the 1930 's here in america where those who were anti-stalinist but were repelled by the vacuity of the socialist party were drawn to him . a few , like james t. farrell ( studs lonigan trilogy ) , did this mostly honorably . most , like dwight macdonald and sidney hooks , etc . did not and simply used that temporary sympathy as a way station on their way to anti-communism . such is the nature of the political struggle . a note for the politically- inclined who read this book . trotsky wrote this book in 1923-24 at the time of lenin 's death and later while the struggle for succession by stalin , zinoviev and kamenev was in full swing . while trotsky did not recognize it until later ( nor did others , for that matter ) this period represented the closing of the rising tide of the revolution . hereafter , the people who ruled the soviet union , the purposes for which they ruled and the manner in which they ruled changed dramatically . in short , thermidor in the classical french revolutionary expression was victorious . given his political position why the hell was he writing a book on literary trends in post-revolutionary society at that time .
dr. alex delaware is completely incorrigible ! i love this character , but no wonder his pal milo is going gray - keeping alex out of trouble is a full time job ! there is a scene in this one where milo tells alex straight out not to go snooping - he tells him , " i know you ... " yeah , milo knows him all right , and so do we , do n't we ? ( and if you do n't - read the books ! they 're great ! )  okay , alex is a clinical psychologist who is semi-retired , does mostly forensic work now for the court and the police . his best friend milo sturgis is a homicide detective with the lapd . once alex gets involved in a mystery , he is incapable of letting it go . in all fairness , it is milo who gets him involved in this one . alex and his girlfriend robin are rebuilding their house - she 's a carpenter , so she 's very hands-on with the rebuilding . in the meantime , they 're living on the beach in malibu . sweet . milo is quite taken by one of the jurors involved in a particularly gruesome and high profile case . ever since the trial , lucy lowell has been having nightmares and milo asks his friend alex to try to help her . she 's quite a character and alex is taken by her too . ( things get a little complicated when she reveals her crush on milo - finally ! a woman falls for milo ! ( i 'm not the only one ! ) the fact he 's gay does put a crimp in things , but no matter ) . while her recurring dream becomes more intense , other strange happenings have her - and everyone else - questioning her sanity . but there is obviously more going on than anyone originally thought and alex is afraid maybe this dream is not a nightmare at all , but a long suppressed childhood memory . the memory of a murder . milo is tied up with another complicated case , so alex goes off digging on his own - again . i had to laugh - several times , alex comments about doing something " on impulse " and i 'm sitting there waiting for someone to try to kill him . the lies come so easy for him in this one - he 's been getting a lot of practice . he pretends to be a journalist , a freelance novelist , a publisher and he even manages to keep his lies straight - he 's amazing ! but the inevitable happens and he and lucy find themselves staring down the wrong end of a gun . the mystery is 20 years old , so it 's a very cold trail and a very complicated case - you wo n't figure it out - the ending is quite a surprise
" gpu gems 2 " edited by matt pharr ( addison-wesley , 2005 , isbn 0-321-33559-7 ) is a collection of forty-eight white papers that detail cutting edge techniques based on today 's latest graphical processing units ( gpu ) . the full color hardcover text is 784 pages and includes a cd-rom with working demos and source for some of the articles presented in the book . the text retails for $ 59.99 . the book is divided into six parts : geometric complexity , shading , high-quality rendering , general purpose computation on the gpu , image oriented computing , and numerical algorithms . a part has anywhere from five to twelve chapters . each chapter is written by a different author but the format and style is consistent . the chapters have an introduction , discussion of the problem or technique , conclusion , and references . the material is presented with color illustrations and occasionally some pseudo-code or code fragments . generally , the material is extremely current and very approachable to read . as a sequel to its well received predecessor , the text focuses on taking advantage of the computational power and features of today 's high-powered gpu boards . the first part of the book , geometric complexity , emphasizes this with chapters dedicated to batch rendering , using multi-streaming , hardware occlusion , and displacement pixel-shaders . each chapter illustrates how operations traditionally performed on the cpu can be moved into the gpu for efficiency and greater effect . the subsequent two parts on shading and rendering continue along the same theme : improved performance by using hardware functionality found on the gpu . each topic considers the performance ramifications and gpu capabilities when discussing the problem domain of a rendering technique and factors it into the final solution . for example , chapter 10 considers irradiance environment maps for fast lighting - but with a twist - using the gpu to do the calculations in real-time . in doing so , the book 's real value becomes apparent . the fourth part on general purpose gpu computation is an interesting addition to the text . the chapters illustrate methods of offloading traditional cpu tasks by exploiting the inherent parallel nature of modern gpu hardware . since the book features nvidia hardware , the architecture and performance capabilities largely focused on their products . in the fifth part of the book , hardware assisted image creation and analysis is considered . by using context clues from the spatial , texture , or lighting data - additional refinements can be made to a scene prior to rasterization . the topics presented in this part are further refinements of the text 's main theme ( using the gpu fully ) and are specific solutions to uncommon problems - or approaches to rasterization . none the less as gpus continue to evolve , the topics presented in this section will undoubtedly become more common . finally , the sixth part of the book provides several non-traditional graphics examples to illustrate calculating data on the gpu : solving linear equations , options pricing , and numerical simulation - just to name a few . as using the raw floating point power of modern gpu is a growing trend - these sections were quite interesting and well done . the included cd-rom contains examples to 28 of the 48 articles in the book . in most cases , the example material includes source code as well as pre-compiled binaries to help illustrate the topic presented in the text . in order to run the majority of the samples , cg must be installed on the host computer . in addition , the cd-rom provides access to nvidia 's software development kit , cg toolkit , performance tools , and several helpful reference links to on-line sites . gpu gems 2 provides a cutting edge view of the capabilities found in today 's video cards . the selected articles illustrate that every part of the rendering process can be enhanced in some fashion by fully using the underlying hardware . as such , this book is essential to anyone working with modern gpus .
not great , maybe , but good . the theme is vampire - the creatures that feed by night on their human cattle . but what if the night goes on and on ? good suspense , good characters and development , and an artistic style that carries the mood . it 's a nightmarish visual style and a limited palette ( black , white , and blood red ) , but it works . recommended . //wiredweir
john little and peter sisco wrote static contraction... but john takes it a step further and eliminates the need for doing reps with scientific explanations to back up his revolutionary concept of weight training/ muscle building.. my girlfriend and i started doing this method in may of 2005 and i can honestly say i 've never found such a fast , quick and easy way to build muscle . this is also a great method for those not wanting to spend hours in a gym... after a while , you only need to workout once a week... but do n't forget to stretch afterwards... and do n't forget to do cardio on other days . i 've never been able to develop the 6pack abs until i used the techniques in this book... not to mention all the other muscles popping out that i never knew were there before ! i do n't entirely agree with his take on supplements - although i think he 's referring to all the stupid gimmicks out there designed to waste your time and money . apparently he 's not familiar with shaklee
trotsky once wrote that of the three great tragedies in life- hunger , sex and death- revolutionary marxism , which was the driving force behind his life and work , mainly concerned itself with the struggle against hunger . that observation contains an essential truth about the central thrust of the marxist tradition . however , as trotsky demonstrates here , marxist methodology can not and should not be reduced to an analysis of and prescription for that single struggle . here trotsky takes on an aspect of the struggle for mass cultural development . in a healthy post-capitalist society mass cultural development would be greatly expanded and encouraged . if the task of socialism were merely to vastly expand economic equality , in a sense , it would be a relativity simple task for a healthy socialist society in concert with other like-minded societies to provide general economic equality with a little tweaking after vanquishing the capitalism mode of production . what marxism aimed for , and trotsky defends here , is a prospect that with the end of class society and economic and social injustice the capacity of individual human beings to reach new heights of intellectual and creative development would flourish . that is the thought that underpins trotsky 's work here as he analyzes various trends in russian literature in the immediate aftermath of the october revolution of 1917 . in short , marxism is certainly not a method to be followed in order to write great literature but it does allow one to set that literature in its social context and interrelatedness . you will find no deconstructionist or other fashionable literary criticism here . quite the contrary . here trotsky uses his finely tuned skill as a marxist to great effect as he analyzes the various trends of literature as they were affected ( or not affected ) by the october revolution and sniffs out what in false in some of the literary trends . mainly at the time of writing the jury was still out about the prospects of many of these trends . he analyzes many of the trends that became important later in the century in world literature , like futurism and constructivism , and others- some of which have disappeared and some of which still survive . the most important and lasting polemic which trotsky raised here , however , was the fight against the proponents of ` proletarian culture' . the argument put forth by this trend maintained that since the soviet union was a workers state those who wrote about working class themes or were workers themselves should in the interest of cultural development be given special status and encouragement ( read a monopoly on the literary front ) . trotsky makes short shrift of this argument by noting that , in theory at least as its turned out , the proletarian state was only a transitional state and therefore no lasting ` proletarian culture ' would have time to develop . although history did not turn out to prove trotsky correct the polemic is still relevant to any theory of mass cultural development . one of the results of the publication of this book is that many intellectuals , particularly western intellectuals , based some of their sympathy for trotsky the man and fallen hero on his literary analysis and his ability to write . this was particularly true during the 1930 's here in america where those who were anti-stalinist but were repelled by the vacuity of the socialist party were drawn to him . a few , like james t. farrell ( studs lonigan trilogy ) , did this mostly honorably . most , like dwight macdonald and sidney hooks , etc . did not and simply used that temporary sympathy as a way station on their way to anti-communism . such is the nature of the political struggle . a note for the politically- inclined who read this book . trotsky wrote this book in 1923-24 at the time of lenin 's death and later while the struggle for succession by stalin , zinoviev and kamenev was in full swing . while trotsky did not recognize it until later ( nor did others , for that matter ) this period represented the closing of the rising tide of the revolution . hereafter , the people who ruled the soviet union , the purposes for which they ruled and the manner in which they ruled changed dramatically . in short , thermidor in the classical french revolutionary expression was victorious . given his political position why the hell was he writing a book on literary trends in post-revolutionary society at that time .
i admire an author who deviates from a standard formula and the interweaving of two cases really works in " piece of my heart . " di stanley chadwick faces a murder case in 1969 against the backdrop of a rock 'n roll concert . his teenage daughter has facts to hide and di chadwick walks a fine line . dci alan banks is seeking a murderer in 2005 which eventually connects with the 1969 murder . the plot has already been outlined , so i 'll just say it 's a delight to visit dci banks again . i 'm never disappointed
the third book of a series and follow the story line . i have not finished it yet but am enjoying it
ed hayes exposes himself and one might think that the machine gun style of the book is fantasy but it does n't do justice to the man himself . his dedication to his clients is legendary and he spends every working moment thinking and working for them . having shared some of his adventures but as a cop,i found that he loves cops . if it was n't for the fact that he would not have been able to support his interesting lifestyle he would have been one . his book covers his life and gives a glimpse into the man and his style . he does n't know how to go at half speed and neither does the book . his upfront approach is evident . he just does n't have time for b.s . it 's a quick read and an enjoyable one . make sure that you take it with you on vacation ! it will make it more enjoyable
v. i. lenin wrote this book in 1917 , while he was hiding from the russian government . lenin pointed out that " the question of the relation of the state to the social revolution , and of the social revolution to the state , like the question of revolution generally , was given very little attention by the leading theoreticians and publicists of the second international ( 1889-1914 ) " . he wanted to correct that oversight , and that is probably the main reason why he wrote this book . " the state and revolution " is a very short book , well structured and not difficult to read at all . initially this pamphlet was going to have seven chapters , but lenin did n't conclude the seventh , due to the outbreak of the russian revolution . in the postscript to the first edition he explains that , saying that due to the reasons already explained the conclusion of the seventh chapters would have to be put off for quite a long time , but that all the same " it is more pleasant and useful to go through the ` experience of revolution ' than to write about it " . the main idea in " the state and revolution " is that the state is a product of the irreconcilability of class antagonisms , and an instrument for the exploitation of the oppressed class ( a " special coercive force " that rules through violence ) . the state of the bourgeoisie will disappear , but only through a revolution that will take the people to the dictatorship of the proletariat . the proletariat ( the working class ) will become then the ruling class , " capable of crushing the inevitable and desperate resistance of the bourgeoisie , and of organizing all the working and exploited people for the new economic system . the proletariat needs state power , a centralized organization of force , an organization of violence , both to crush the resistance of the exploiters and to lead the enormous mass of the population -the peasants , the petty bourgeoisie , and semi-proletarians- in the work of organizing a socialist economy . "  the dictatorship of the proletariat will be only a first stage in the path to communism ( " then the door will be thrown wide open for the transition from the first phase of communist society to its higher phase , and with it to the complete withering away of the state " ) . according to lenin , the necessity of systematically imbuing the masses with the idea of the necessity of violent revolution lies at the root of the entire theory of marx and engels . all throughout this book , lenin cites and examines marx and engels ' writings , in order to explain and support his own point of view . the importance of marxism for nowadays world has diminished enormously , but i advice you to read this book nonetheless . it is certainly not a grueling task , and it will allow you to understand better some notions that many marxist leaders believed with all their hearts . ideas drive men , and men make history . " the state and revolution " will help you to get acquainted with some of those ideas , and that is not a small feat . belen alcat
my kids and i love this book . there were so many cute ideas , several parties worth . pirates are a hit with most kids and this book uses this theme combined with simple objects to make things that kids will think are awesome . i especially liked the recipes , the place cards , the ideas to make with salt dough , and the pirate facts throughout the book
i am an experienced java programmer . this book together with the netbeans ide allowed me to come up with a j2me application in less than a week . the examples in the book is a great resource for learning to write j2me applications . i learn best when i 'm coding . in my case , i used the source from the peekandpick rss reader to come up with my j2me text reader . the program has been heavily modified since , but the book provided sample code that was a great starting point for my learning .
i want everyone to know that this book was a labor of love . i want to help make people aware of the life and the legacy of ilan ramon , a hero and inspiring figure for all of us
wow ! this is a wonderful reference book not only for taiji jian ( tai chi sword ) , but also for taiji quan . all sections of the book are straight forward and easy to follow . there was n't any mystical &quot ; mumbo jumbo&quot ; i could n't comprehend . the first chapter which gives the reader information about the history of the taiji jian , i particlularly liked this historical information . chapter two is for taiji jian and tai chi quan practitioners . this chapter explains clearly the &quot ; ins and outs&quot ; of taiji quan and taiji jian . the author explains basic trainning , principles , elements , etc . i found this section of great interest to me having only studied taiji quan for about a year now . i believe the information i 've gainned from reading this section will help improve my practice.i think advanced practitioners will find chapter two valuable as well . the remaining chapters 3-8 give the reader information on the parts of the jian , how to practce with the jian , basic movements,fighting principles , and a 32 posture form with pictures and detailed explanations . the explaination of each picture includes info about the key points , internal components and the movement itself . this is a great manual that i know i will refer to over and over again . this is a must read book for any taiji quan or taiji jian practitioner
the hellion bride is the second book in bride series . i love ryder and sophie and the joy of meeting other characters from the sherbrooke bride . i kept turning the pages to find out their secrets . deceptive and abusive uncle theo as well as murder scenes make the story more thrilling and a suspense . the virgin bride also comes in handy and she is an angel rather than a ghost for she always is encouraging and very nice . sinjun pleasantly spices up the whole story . i ca n't wait any longer to read her own story the heiress bride
this book is the best book on rand 's esthetics i 've ever read ; in fact , it is the only book on the topic that i know of . it is refreshing to see that the authors are objective and critical ; they are not slavish cultists savoring every last word written by rand . they approach the material with critical distance and do an excellent job of placing rand 's work in the larger history of esthetic theory . they demolish abstract art , and devote considerable energy to discussing rand 's definition of art . they even propose their own individual alternatives ! if anything shows independence , it is this willingness to debate the differences between the authors of the same work ! remarkable ! the world of rand commentary is filled to the brim with sectarianism and partisanship . that is clear just by reading one of the reviews here , by people who are devotees of certain &quot ; scholars&quot ; who do nothing but repeat the catechism . they take swipes at genuinely independent work anytime it is published ; that is why they hate this book . because it is independent-minded . judge for yourself . do n't be fooled
&quot ; good sports&quot ; is a book which helps girls to be the &quot ; best athlete you can be.&quot ; it catagorizes players , parents , and other important people into real-life situations . it has quizes , quotes from other athletes , and memory pages . also , it offers a lot of web sites and other addresses for girls to look up their favorite sports . more importantly , this book shows girls what teamwork and good sportsmanship is all about . one of my favorite parts in the book says : &quot ; sometimes heart is the strongest muscle.&quot ; this book also tells girls how to take good care of yourself- to eat healthy so that you are a better athlete . it includes the food pyramid and what one serving is . &quot ; good sports&quot ; involves &quot ; power drills&quot ; and advice from other girls . it goes inside the lives of other athletes , such as michelle kwan , but also shows girls'lives who are teens or pre-teens . this book not only focuses on the physical parts of playing a game , but on the mental part as well : keeping your dreams alive even when you 're at the bottom of the team , or you were embarrassed at a basketball game when you tripped . i would reccommend &quot ; good sports&quot ; to any female athelete , whether you are experienced or have n't even started yet . it teaches you the basics and also the mental parts of a game ! it has advice on keeping your mind and body strong , along with being a good winner and loser . it has advice from other athletes , famous or otherwise , memory pages to record your victories , dreams and goals , and ways to reach sports associations . as the book says , it includes &quot ; winning . losing . and everything in between.&quot
barbara ghazarian 's book is a wonderful collection of recipes that originated in an ancient culture . i enjoyed reading about her family and how armenian food remains a large part of the communal family experience . these foods from the mediterranean region are exciting , flavorful , and easy to make . barbara 's emphasis on bulgur wheat -- a staple in the armenian diet -- is particularly important , as this whole grain product has stood the test of time . it might even be considered the gold standard of healthy , easy-to-prepare grains . simply armeniangives americans a way to incorporate whole grains , meats , and vegetables into a healthy meal that a family can share . while i read the book , a line kept running through my head : " our grandmothers were right . " they cooked with simple , whole foods that provided excellent nutrition and variety from recipes that were handed down from mother to daughter . simply armenianallows us to cook like our grandmothers and provide the same healthy choices for our modern families
this is a sci-fi novel about the end of the world . every single adult on the planet died . there are a couple of kids living in a house alone . so begins the fire-us trilogy , fascinating , scary , and intriguing . the story is really interesting - i mean slap in your face , give-me-more , i love this intersting . a couple of the images were really disturbing , though , like the fact that hunter had to move the skeletons out of his way at the supermarket . the kids in the story are fascinating , and the teacher 's scarpbook-thing was so . . . wierd that it was actually kind of scary . then angerman is introduced . he 's really messed up , but i get the idea that he knows something about the virus ( fire-us ) that the others do n't . this makes him an amazing character , and even if you do n't like the story its worth reading the sequel just to find out what happens to him and his battered dummy . i really love this series , though some of the descriptions might be a little too much for younger readers . well worth anyone who is into sci-fi and apocalypse , as i was at the time . p.s . i read this book five months ago and i still remember all of the characters and their names and quirks . talk about powerful writing
when i read ron penton 's first book , data structures for game programming , i could n't wait to see what he did next . mud game programming lived up to all of my expectations , and indeed surpassed them . the author has an extraordinary knack for making complex topics understandable -- and , equally important , making them interesting . reading mud game programming is like having a friendly , cheerful expert sitting down next to you and showing you the tricks of the trade . instead of just telling you what to do , he explains the thinking behind the decisions that go into the design of a complex program such as a mud server , enabling you to make the decisions that are right for your own project , which might not be the same . you end up with not just knowledge but understanding . i highly recommend mud game programming to people doing any type of network-based multiplayer programming , not just traditional muds . i 'd give this book six stars if they 'd let me
i love this book - such a great novel detailing the friendship and bonds of a group of women over the years . i 'll be re-reading it
good books on popular music are , frankly , few and far between . this is one of those precious few . journalist dan leroy has done a remarkable job of piecing together the details of the creation of this album . even better , he has written an engaging story . it might be a cliche , but i could n't put it down .
this book shows you in an easy to read format the true capabilities of the dvd format and what is required to do it . it helped me in being able to ask intelligent questions when purchasing equipment
what i like about this book is that the tone is just right for a self-conscious preteen boy who has more questions than answers but is too embarrassed to ask anybody . leave this book in his room or in the bathroom without making a big deal of it , and i bet he 'll take a look inside . some books are so clinical ; others do n't provide enough information . this one gets it right--at least for your basic seventh or eighth grader . as someone who has been writing for girls for years , i 'm always curious about what is out there for boys , and i like daldry 's style . carol weston , author of girltalk : all the stuff your sister never told you
haccp is the acronym for hazard analysis of critical control points . this text , by arduser and brown is the be all and end all on the topic - in my view . it even comes with a companion cd-rom that contains all forms from the book in adobe acrobat ( pdf ) and ms word format . this is a major time saver when it comes to preparing and administering the required tests to staff members and the newly hired . the comprehensive 530 + page text covers everything i can think of that relates to food safety in restaurants and other eateries . it is designed to teach food service managers and their employees the specifics of food safety in accordance with the fda food code . this excellent training manual is in large print format that makes it easy to read . the writing is easy to understand and the authors were careful to explain key concepts and terms so that even a novice can study it alone . the seven comprehensive chapters in the manual cover the following topics : hazards to food safety ; factors affecting food-born illness ; food safety regulations ; following the flow of food ; haccp ; and the facility plan . these are followed by an extremely helpful glossary of terms . the appendix includes all forms needed to meet the fda requirements and to run an efficient and safe establishment . included are checklists , signage , compliance checklists , and equipment cleaning charts , allergen-control program worksheet along with job descriptions for personnel . there is even a certificate of completion to certify that staff members have taken and passed the required tests ( included ) . with the rise in reports of food-borne illnesses and deaths it is essential that every food service operation adhere to the regulations and safety procedures at all times . in my view , this book is essential to ensure you are in total compliance . as one who has conducted training i find this book deserves 5 stars for its complete coverage of the subject matter in an easy to digest all-in-one format . i highly recommend this book
i love this little recipe book ! it is very simply written , but informative -- everything from what a crepe is and how to turn them , stack them , freeze them , and thaw them , to diagrams on folding crepes and blintzes , and , of course , the recipes : the basic crepe recipe followed by all the variations , as well as dessert crepes and blintzes . have n't tried very many yet , but am looking forward to it -- especially the orange dessert crepes
another incredible read from cj box . i 'm intrigued in the manner he sets up the future of joe pickett in each of his books . i could n't put this one down
i studied the medieval islamic world a little in college , and fell in love . it 's a fascinating age in which central asian buddhists , north african nomads , ethiopian slaves , greek cave-dwellers , persian aristocrats , arab bureaucrats and a host of different cultures came together , mixed , wrote wonderful literature , and lived the kind of drama that makes history fun . but it 's hard to find anything written about the time that is n't arcane professor babble or islam 101 . ( you know , " there are five pillars of islam... " snore . )  here hugh kennedy has written the book i always wanted . he wisely concentrates on medieval islam 's golden age , the early abbasid dynasty , when baghdad ruled a large portion of the world-and , even more astutely , on the dramatic stories and personalities of the court . let 's face it , you read about the abbasids because you want to know how the slave girl khayzuran not only managed to marry the caliph but to quell a military revolt , why her son harun al-rashid was immortalized in the arabian nights , and why the all-powerful barmakid family suddenly fell from grace to prison and execution . kennedy brings the caliphs and their families to life . he 's up front about the fact that the book is about aristocrats , but the common people of baghdad , the " pickpockets and sellers of cheap sweets " who fought back when their city was besieged , and the middle class who developed islamic tradition dance around the edge of the narrative . kennedy does n't believe everything he reads , and does n't think you will either . he repeats stories-like the " harem intrigue " tales , in which devious women are blamed for various deaths-that are almost certainly not true , but tell us something about the people who believed them , and are still enormously entertaining . he also is frank about the same-sex relationships , male and female , that were a part of the era 's culture , without the awkwardness of many modern historians . and he 's smart enough to explain the geography-why southern iraq could support such a fabulously wealthy monarchy , and why the afghanistan/ne iran region was so critical to the faraway middle east-in a way an american can understand . very rare for books on islamic history , the book boasts an excellent map , naming both cities and regions-invaluable for a hapless westerner who does n't know where the major cities of iran are today , never mind where long-gone kingdoms like yamama and ushrusana used to be . there 's also a surprisingly good index ( another rarity ) . the book is n't flawless . kennedy twice awkwardly interrupts his straightforward account of political events with fascinating chapters on aspects of court culture-palaces , poetry , science , and ( my favorite ) women 's lives . unfortunately , this structure means the reader learns about the palace mutawakkil built before she knows enough about him to care , and does n't hear anything about ma'mun patronage of scientific research until long after he 's dead in the main narrative . the last chapter goes into far too much detail about the depressing downfall of the dynasty , short-changing a more interesting discussion about its legacy . but all in all kennedy does a great job , and i for one plan down to hunt down his earlier books . if you know nothing about islamic history and want an accessible introduction to an fascinating period , or like me know a little and want to learn more , i highly recommend this book
with all the sensationalism and relentless obfuscation of the realities of life by the media i found this an exhillarating and thought provoking book . there 's more... , but i 'm sure you 'll read and revisit this book again and again once it 's prominently displayed on your bookshelf . worth every penny.. .
pamela jaye smith has an incredible talent for inspiring writers to dig deep into the core of their characters , which invariably leads them to discovering their own personal nuggets of truth . she has an encyclopedic knowledge of mythology , spirituality and metaphysics . yet her real gift is being able to relate all of this amazing information in an entertaining and clear manner so that it 's easy to understand . the book is very well organized and packed with all kinds of valuable treasures . i highly recommend it
in this study demos examines family life as it was for the pilgrims who came over on the mayflower , before they joined with the massachusetts bay colony . the book is in three main sections : the physical setting ( housing , furnishings , and clothing ) ; the structure of the household ( family connections , including servants ) ; and individual development ( childhood , coming of age , and old age ) . the most striking thing is how all aspects of communal life were controlled by the court : although laws were not draconian , they spelled out how one was to conduct his or her life pretty thoroughly . mess up and you would be punished . but it 's also true that people were not that different back then , either : parents still cared for their children and worried about their futures by making provisions for them ; families were at the core of society 's welfare ; even women were given rights denied them in the mother country . it 's interesting that even these first settlers saw the american continent as a vast area just waiting to be colonized , and one of the biggest problems facing the authorities was how to keep settlers from wanting to spread out too far from plymouth itself , thus weakening communal ties . a highly recommended book
this book is a big hit with my pre-k class ! i was pleasantly surprised at how responsive and attentive they were while i was reading this . they have memorized most of the book . they all loved it ! an excellent resource for teaching about diversity and various cultures ! i 'd definitely recommend reading this book to/with ages four through maybe second grade
since almost all of my good girl friends ( including myself ) have gone through nasty breakups lately , i have become much like the gideons in that i have practically resorted to buying a case full of these fabulous books and carrying them around in my trunk , distributing them to my poor , heartbroken friends . it is the perfect thing to read when you 're in that post-breakup stay-in-bed-in-your-pyjamas-and-eat-ice-cream stage . beautiful , beautiful work . if all you have to complain about this book is that you did n't learn how to properly can , you 're missing the point . pay the extra 5 bucks and spring for the lovely hardcover -- it 's worth it . i can not say enough wonderful things about this scrumptious , funny , simple little insightful jewel ! mwah
i really enjoyed this work . didnt know this guy won a pulitzer but it figures . i was swept away by the imagery created by this master . it was evocative of cooper ( although he surpasses cooper ) , and mcmurtry and the guy who wrote &quot ; all the pretty horses&quot ; . the &quot ; master&quot ; can always create the world to drown the reader in - this guy is great - i plan to read the whole series. .
in a hobby filled with opinions , this was a one-stop shop for beginning to up-and-running of my first large aquarium . it was exactly what i was looking for in a book of this nature . i 'm not going to say it 's the best , worst or in between because it 's the only one of this nature i bought . since then , of course , like most folks , i 've read web sites , talked to others in the hobby and formed my own opinions . but the reason i bought this book was to cut through the confusion and get started and for that , it was terrific . could have used a bit more on fish and plants and that 's the reason for 4 stars instead of 5 . next revision , he should throw in a bit more on the fish he picks , offer some alternatives within the scenarios he set up
anna anderson/ anastasia   i have researched this great mystery for some time now and i have concluded that the woman , anna anderson , could not have been an imposter . not only did she never give any signs of playing a part , but she was in posession of all sorts of little facts and information that no one on the outside could have known . she knew of gleb botkin 's paintings before he even came to see her , she knew exactly what she and her sister tatiana had been doing while wwi was being declared for russia ( this was confirmed by dr. rudnev who was visiting russia and saw anastasia and tatiana at that time ) , she had intimate knowledge of every single royal house in europe , and could recognize her royal cousins- sight unseen- by their voices alone . one must wonder how a demented polish farming girl could do that . aside from just her character , there the many scars and lacerations on her body , as well as the bunions on her feet identical to anastasia and the cautorized mole on the shoulder which was verified to have been on the young anastasia as well by a standart officer who did not even support anna anderson 's claim . for over six decades , royal cousins and friends to anastasia would try and trip this woman up with tricks . they would misstate things just to see if she would catch them and she always would . it is virtually impossible for someone to go 65 years without ever being caught in a mistake . anna had people such as alexei volkov and alexadra tegleva in tears after having met her because they were so touched . no one has ever yet attempted to explain why ambassador zahle and grand duke andrew 's papers are still kept secret , why doris wingender touched up her photographs in court , or why pierre gilliard had his scandalous midnight 'burning ' of evidence . to this day , anthropologists who compare anna anderson 's face , ears , and handwriting specimens to the young girl she claimed to be declare with certainty that the " two " women are the same . the franziska schanzkowska story is clearly a lie from beginning to end . anna anderson was several inches shorter than franziska schanzkowska , wore a size shoe three inches smaller , was not mentally insane like franziska , she spoke a bad german while fs spoke german as her first language , and could understand russian . the schanzkowska siblings did not understand a word of russian when spoken to them . aa clearly understood russian . anderson also gave birth to a child . there is no record of franziska ever having a child . recent documents also show that schanzkowska was never injured in the grenade explosion which supposedly infliced the wounds on anna anderson 's body . the dna tests have won the hour , but i hope the future will see the release of ambassador zahle and gd andrew 's papers to cast even more doubt on this . richard schweitzer 's switch theory is very probable given the doubts about the identification with schanzkowska as well as the security measures which were not that good at martha jefferson hospital during the complicated court battle between marina botkin schweitzer and the russian nobiltiy association . according to massie 's book , one researcher was even allowed access to the intestinal tissue during this time . is it reasonable that the royal families would ignore the fact that anna anderson was about to recieve recognition as the tsar 's daughter after they had been fighting to disprove her all her life ? in any case , the body of anastasia is still missing , although in russia there lies a body under the coffin which reads 'anastasia ' measuring 5'7 , despite the fact that anastasia was the shortest of her sisters . if this is n't reason enough to be suspicious that there is some sort of agenda , i do n't know what is . i 'm afraid however that the body lies in the ashes spread over castle seeon under the stone which reads , " anastasia manahan 1901-1984 " . to end this , i will quote empress alexandra 's best friend ( aside from anna vyrobouva ) lili dehn , who met anna anderson in 1957 ( ? ) and declared , " do n't bother to tell me she has read these things in books . i have recognized her physically and intuitively , through signs which do not decieve . what can i say after having known her ? i could not have been mistaken . "  this is to explain my conviction that anna anderson was anastasia . i think there is something about the dna we do not know . the file on the tsar- 2002 edition... p. 362  'nearly fifty years ago , anna anderson told a story about a sketch she and her sister had put on to amuse their parents during their confinement in tobolsk . she played a male part , she 'recalled ' , and and had to borrow a man 's dressing-gown . at a pivotal moment in the play , a freak draught made the dressing gown billow up around their thighs , revealing that she was wearing the tsar 's long-johns- against the bitter cold of the siberian winter . the family , said anna anderson , had hooted with laughter . the only witnesses from the imperial household who would have been present at that scene , and who are known to have survived , were the two family tutors-both foreigners . one was the english tutor , sydney gibbes , and his memoirs were published for the first time in 1975 . they include this account of an incident during amatuer theatricals in tobolsk . " the cast , " gibbes wrote , " had its happiest night with an edwardian farce by henry grattan , called 'packing up ' , ... anastasia took the male part... at the end of the farce the 'husband ' had to turn his back , open his dressing-gown as if to take it off- anastasia used an old one of mine... but a draught got under the gown and whisked its tail up to the middle of her back , showing her sturdy legs and bottom encased emperor jaguer 's underwear... ' so far as exhaustive research can establish , only anna anderson had ever before told this vivid ancedote , in private and three decades before the gibbes memoirs appeared . if anderson was a phoney , as the seemingly damning dna evidence now tells us , how did she know the story ? that was one of the myriad puzzles that believers in anna anderson had to confront when the scientists delivered their verdict . ian lilburn , a research historian and the only observer to attend every session of the " anastasia " appeal process in the german courts , had a calmer response than some . " i think , " he said , knowing he sounded like a luddite and romanov flat-earther , " there is something we do n't know about the dna . "   maybe after reading you can understand why some of us do n't believe the dna was anna anderson 's , and why we do n't believe she was the tall , size '36 shoe wearing franziska schanzkowska who could not have had such exclusive info if she were an imposter .
it 's been around two years since i first read this book , and i must say i reference it to people all the time . the reason : it is so darn fascinating . i really liked how the author put things in context and made me think about media forms and how we transfer data . if i gave you an 8-track tape right now , would you know what to do with it to get the info contained on it ? younger folks might not know what it is . they would recognize tape ( maybe ) , but 100 years from now , how many players would be around ? the book talks about a project the author was on . a nuclear waste site in new mexico needed to have a way to communicate to humans ( or others ) in the future that the site is radioactive . since the radiation could last 10,000 years , the message would have to be able to be understood centuries from now . what would the message be like ? if you read the book you 'll find out ! lots of different ideas are kicked around and i just could n't put the book down . buy it , have fun
as an adult i picked this up for my teen daughter and read through it and laughed and truly valued the advice within and wished i had it when i was a teen . also a lot of this advice will work for any age . i loved the advice for falling down the stairs
harvey mackay was one of the first authors i had read on how to run a business . the book is written in an entertaining manner , and contains a great deal of fantastic advice . to this day , friends who were around me when i read this book in college will quote parts of it back to me . it contains tidbits of guidance , some great , some small . all good .
things are going swimmingly in fish ! land . in the latest volume , fish ! tales , authors stephen c. lundin , john christensen , harry paul and philip strand build on the successful training program that evolved from their first fish book . tales shows how four companies - a long-distance call center ; a hospital neural-renal unit , a car dealership and a roofing company - have applied fish ! theories effectively . they also provide short examples from other companies to show how well the fish ! function . the four main principles are familiar by now - keep the work fun , seek to serve others , stay focused on your customers and have an enthusiastic attitude - but the examples in the book bring them alive . along the way , the authors heavily sell their fish ! courses and merchandise - that 's just good salesmanship - but the real catch of the day is the final how-to section , showing ways to apply these principles in any organization . the lively writing style helps keep you hooked . we suggest that if you have n't yet caught any fish ! , start with this one . its cheery , accessible methods should lure you in , hook , line and sinker
while some may think that good work should be " readable and enjoyable , " great work is meant to elevate us . stun us , amaze us , fill us with wonder . otherwise , see spot run would be a masterpiece . william faulkner is a writer the likes of which we may never see again . he is not only brilliant of word but of concept . he creates a picture not only by text , but by context and form . in many ways , his works sculpt . how else would we see things from the vistas of the characters , especially those who ca n't speak but by setting and demonstration ? one reviewer cursed his conveyance of emotion by " using big words . " writing is the art of language interplay , the use of beautiful and succinct language . faulkner uses language that most of us have never heard of but when we take the time to look up that language , the effect is stunning and makes the experience all the more worth it .
the reviewers above and below warn that the novel is difficult to read . if you a person of average intelligence , all you need is a character list and a careful reading and you will have absolutely no problem finding your way through the greatest novel ever written . ( it 's an incredibly easy read the second time around . )  the sound and the fury is a summation of faulkner 's works . everything that is done in the rest of his novels was first done in the sound and the fury . the sound and the fury is poignant and tragic . it is monumental in its mythical power . it is southern and yet it is universal . it is faulkner 's triumph as a novelist . it is a study of human consciousness , perception , and existence . the novel follows the decline and eventual fall of the compson family . in faulkner 's world of yoknapatawpha county , the compsons and sartorises , the sutpens and de spains , in other words , the established old families of jefferson declined as the invasive and unethical snopes , portraits of the modern businessman , ascended to power . the story is an intimate portrayal of the compsons , and yet it is a symbolic and mythical account of decline and tragedy . why is it the greatest novel ever written ? it takes the innovations in narrative technique as developed by joyce and woolf in the movements of european modernism ( which it does better and with more purpose than joyce and woolf ) and combines them with an exploration of storytelling and an intense devotion to a portrayal of place and region . the story is great and moving . the characters are loveable , hateable , tragic , and intensely vivid . the place is conceived and presented with taxing reality . the language , as with all of faulkner 's novels , is at times soaring and at times quite terse . the structure is perfectly balanced and symbolically paired with the passion of christ ( the three days are good friday , holy saturday , and easter sunday ) . in short , it is the paradigmatic example of what literature can ( and should ) do ; even the greatest of literary feats stand in its shadow
while on maternity leave from cambridge university and with her husband away handling a legal matter in los angeles , professor cassandra james meets her neighbor actress melissa meadows and her spouse keith kingleigh . melissa and cassandra share an affinity since both recently gave birth prematurely . kevin is going to direct a production starring melissa . he asks cassandra to adapt the victorian drama east lynn , which she agrees to do . as opening night beckons , cassandra notices the cast seems extra nervous . later an anxious melissa calls cassandra believing that someone is stalking her . cassandra tries to calm her down . the next day melissa fails to appear for a rehearsal so cassandra goes to visit her . melissa is gone without a word , but abandoned her six month old baby that she had shown so much love . with her own fussy infant at her side , cassandra wonders what happened to her new friend while unable to contact stephen , dealing with the abrupt arrival of her first husband , and detective sergeant vickers suspecting the professor killed the actress . stage fright , the second professor james tale ( see murder is academic ) , is a fabulous amateur sleuth mystery that builds up the suspense slowly so that the reader like the heroine suspects everyone 's motives . either foul play occurred or melissa had played the role of a loving mother , but cassandra can not find a motive for either scenario while the evidence points towards her so that even the audience will believe she harmed or murdered the actress . this is a fantastic english mystery in the christie tradition . harriet klausner
i was a little disappointed . maybe i should have shopped through a book store .
michael hauge is not only a master at helping you elicit emotion from your story , he now also shows you how to do it in 60 seconds and generate nothing but excitement for your project
i really enjoyed this book . i thought the movie incorporated most of the good parts in the book . there were some character changes and some additional characters in the book , but i do n't think they hurt the story line by trimming here and there . i read the book after seeing the movie - i always wondered what the movie had been based on . i love baseball , and i think the book was great
this novel is more enjoyable than the flanders panel , but still not up to the level of the fencing master or his recent series , the captain alatriste books . the characters are well drawn , the setting comes alive , and the story flows . there are a few sections of the book that need some more editing to make them a bit more crisp , but i can not tell if that is due to the translation or is in the original . the only real disappointment came when i finished the book : i wish there was a follow-up
there 's plenty of money to be made in the coffee business and if your dream is to get out there and run a coffee bar , you 're in luck : complete idiot 's guide to starting & running a coffee bar provides all the basics on how to do so . from what it 's really like to run a coffee bar to legal issues , sales , shop equipment choices , kitchen layout and more , much of the book is very specific to the coffee industry and provides a wealth of specific business advice .
all kinds of creme brulees . this is an outstanding cookbook on a one style of dessert and has many varieties and helps and serving suggestions . favorite is the chocolate box presentation suggestion . everyone seems to go for creme brulee
jiraishin is completely new cop drama . there 's no extremely humane hero.and no beauty as his partner . but i felt a lot of touching emotions by this.it 's really interesting
people were looking for a book that could grab them about nam when this was a best seller in 1972 , and this book has details that people were not getting from television or the front page of newspapers in those days . magazines that published book reviews typically had a view of nam that was tuned more to the nuance of individual points of view than the geopolitical justifications which failed to consider the nature of the situation in nam itself as a primary consideration . portions of this book originally appeared in ` the new yorker, ' so the author was becoming widely known as this book was being prepared . frances fitzgerald 's original trip to vietnam was in february to november of 1966 , and resulted in articles for the ` atlantic monthly, ' the ` village voice, ' ` vogue, ' etc . people who read fashion magazines were particularly interested in what a nice girl might think of a situation like nam , where large numbers of young americans were being subjected to a military view of the situation on a personal level so intense that most publications would refrain from printing the kind of expressions which naturally describe the emotional shock of being shot at or booby trapped in some more surprising fashion . this book is not perfect . the only listing for ` tonkin gulf resolution ' in the index is for the page on which president johnson 's use of the resolution is questioned by senator fulbright in 1966 . that was the time this book is mainly concerned with , but it gives an enormous amount of background information . it is possible to find a listing in the index under ` gvn ' for ` and u.s. entry into the war , 354 ' which gives the page that reflects secretary of defense robert mcnamara 's testimony to congress that :  " it was in response to an amphibious sabotage raid by gvn forces that north vietnamese pt boats attacked the u.s. destroyer maddox , mistaking it for one of the south vietnamese vessels . " ( pp . 352-353 ) . actually , the oplan 34a attacks along the gulf of tonkin coastline were operations planned and approved in washington , d.c. , and mcnamara lied about south vietnamese operations to maintain the secret status of u.s. operations , during which the north vietnamese pt boats were responding to recoilless rifle fire from a small boat when american intelligence informed the maddox that it was about to be attacked . radio intercepts of north vietnamese naval messages on august 4 , 1964 , were used to convince lbj and senators that an attack had occurred when two american destroyers were picking up radar ghosts and sonar readings off the reflection of a hard-turned rudder , as shown by subsequent tests . edwin e. moise 's book , tonkin gulf and the escalation of the vietnam war has much more information about that secret circus stunt . jeffrey kimball 's recent book , the vietnam war files : uncovering the secret history of nixon-era strategy , contains a reference to the author of this book in a memorandum by dwight chapin to haldeman , january 18 , 1973 , about a month after heavy bombing near or in hanoi to get some ceasefire agreement signed , hoping it could be called ` the peace announcement ' ( p. 288 ) and attempting to describe a point of view different from what intellectuals were expecting . " the fitzgeralds and the fondas , the halberstams and harrimans , the clarks and ellsbergs and baezes are poised in the wings just waiting to treat the end of the war as their victory and to so opine from coast to coast . " ( kimball , p. 291 ) . i have the first vintage books edition , august 1973 , which was after dwight chapin 's memorandum , but i am not sure if american bombing in cambodia had ended when the actual paper in this book was printed on . there are only six lines of listings in the index for cambodia , mostly on general issues , but the week i spent there was hardly earth-shaking . of more interest to me was the report in fire in the lake about the an lao valley , where the battalion 1/12th infantry from the 4th infantry division spent the months from september , 1969 to january , 1970 . i believe this was our first free fire zone , with a base high above a village that had been destroyed , surrounded by paddies in which elephant grass was growing instead of rice , but enemy soldiers were found harvesting highland rice on the hillsides . enemy contact was the only kind we had , after all other possibilities had been eliminated in the manner described in this book . " in operation masher/white wing alone--a multi-regimental sweep through the north of binh dinh province--the allied forces , by the estimates , destroyed an entire enemy division . in the process they left hundreds of civilians dead and wounded and ` generated ' so many refugees as almost to depopulate the fertile an loa valley . " ( p. 405 ) . " while the american troops opened roads and ` cleared ' great stretches of territory , the front guerrillas came back into every area except those heavily garrisoned by u.s. troops . by the end of 1966 the nlf continued to govern the an lao valley as well as the suburbs of da nang , hue , nha trang , and saigon . " ( p. 406 ) . there is only one line in the index for frantz fanon , but anyone who is interested in how fitzgerald saw a link between revolution against colonial powers in african and arab countries and the situation in nam , " including the belief in fate and the symbolic killing of self , which he called ` the behavior patterns of avoidance . . . . the sudden crime waves that spread through the cities , the tribal warfare , and the fierce , irrational feuding of the native sects . as he explained them , . . . " ( p.509 ) . you would n't want to believe how true the stuff in this book could be today
this was the very first jonathan kellerman book i had ever read . this is by far the best one he ever wrote . i do n't think that i have ever read a book so riveting and suspensful . it 's like watching a top notch horror/mystery movie . this has got to be my most favorite book of any by anyone . i still recommend it to people after reading it quite a few years ago now . i give this book a 5 + + + + star rating
those interested in american art of the last century will find great pleasure in reading this book . chicago and new york are the centers from which katharine kuh radiated . as a museum curator , art dealer , and published critic , she was personally close to many of the modern masters . in this book , she provides short but telling stories about their work and lives . i especially liked the chapters on rothko , tobey and noguchi . disparate side characters , such as judge learned hand and lbj , pop up and add further to the value of ms. kuh 's memoir . avis berman has done a great service to all those interested in the history of twentieth century american art by completing the memoirs of katharine kuh . the author 's reflections have been preserved in a form , while still true to the author , that is likely better than had the elderly ms. kuh herself remained alive to complete the job . notes to the text and a more complete description of katharine kuh 's personal background are some of the very much-appreciated work accomplished by ms. berman
if you 're an easily offended religious fanatic who 's always looking for the vaguest insult or contradiction to your beliefs.. . i guess you should n't read this . ( actually , you could probably read this one and just skip the sequels . )  but if you 're anyone else ( of any age ) who enjoys a really awesome story with great characters , adventure , danger , fantastic visual writing , and not a single boring moment , ( well... it might take a little effort to get past the beginning , but that 's coming from a really impatient reader ) then yeah . go for it . because there 's just nothing that compares
i was so impressed with this book that i wrote the following letter to its author :  i just completed your book time tactics of very successful people . the book is truly a masterpiece , and i have found it immeasurably helpful in my ongoing pursuit to become the best person that i can be . your book is full of wisdom and great ideas , the value of which is many times the price i paid for the book . i have read the works of personal development legends like napoleon hill , brian tracy , w. clement stone , tony robbins , mark victor hansen and others and have benefited from all of them , but i really enjoyed reading your book because i found that you offered some fresh ideas that these other great men did not . i am sure that the extraordinary concepts your book provides will enrich my spirit , enlighten my mind , and serve as conduits for achieving my goals for the rest of my life . i really liked the way that you ended the book . the quote you gave from earl nightengale perfectly reflects my philosophy for successful living , but helped me crystallize my thinking in a way that has helped refines my philosophy further . thanks again for providing the world such a valuable resource , a guide which i am certain has helped and will continue to help many others to live happier , more productive , and more peaceful lives .
i bought this for my classroom bookshelf . i teach 7th grade science and my kids fight with each other to read it
although i have been writing code for a few years , this was my first foray into ai programming . i find the examples easy to understand . everything is very well written and the example code is well documented . i could not have asked for a better book .
i was at the sfmoma to see her yes exhibition , and exactly what i expected , i was overwhelmed with delight.. . her art is whimsically amazing . her music touches your heart and soul . seeing all the people there that day , i was glad that yoko is finally getting all the respect she deserves , after all these years... also caught her live performance at the los angeles 's roxy almost 6 years ago just took my breath away . i truly think she 's one of the true visionaries of our time
i loved this book ! i picked it up on a whim at the airport , and could n't put it down for the entire flight . now i 'm telling all my friends to get it . not only does it have tips about playing cards , but it 's just a flatout pageturning thriller . you keep wondering where this guy 's life is going to lead him next . very suspenseful and funny too . highly recommended .
this book brings together , pratical budget concerns with fashion , which are often in two totally different universes . not worlds , universes . in the fashionista there is everything from how to get wine out of a shirt to when to know if you should splurge on a coat . in the worlds of increase american debt , this book should be on everyshelf in america ! it is light portable and she is extremely funny ! two thumbs up
i do n't know if i wold be willing to leave bags of blood at the bookstore , like the previous reviewer suggested , but it 's a great book . everyone should read it
the best book i read in the past year . the truth hurts
this is a great book for anyone who wants a old world country feel to their home . the illustrations are beautiful and the decorating advice is thoughtfully planned out
... " first grade takes a test& # 8221 ; is an excellent , multicultural book that should be in every elementary classroom , especially kindergarten thru 3rd grades...for it& # 8217 ; s use in demonstrating that the really important things in life aren& # 8217 ; t measurable , and even as a tool for helping students understand and interpret poorly worded questions ( and there will always be a handful of them on any standardized test ) , the book is invaluable . highly recommended from this early childhood teacher
if i were to choose the two best novels by this author , they would be the nautical chart and the queen of the south . the fencing master , by comparison , is n't as lively or as intellectually thrilling -- but it is a chewy read . i particularly loved the characterization of don jaime as an older man realizing what he has lost in his life .
most people are in awe of the " classic . " however , a book does not pick that title on the whim of a professor of arcane texts , rather a book gains such when it constantly and consistently speaks about the human condition . classics do not only thrill and teach , they also live . the count of monte cristo by alexandre dumas is a classic . this tale of accusal , love , betrayal , imprisonment , redemption , and retribution , defies genre . recounting the plot serves no purpose , so i will simply surmise that most readers focus on vengeance at the expense of reward . edmond dantes could not have desired living just to kill those who wronged him ; he expected to return to those who remained faithful . here dumas , using dantes , sinbad , albert and abbe busoni , championed a nonviolent stoicism which exposes a person to death to experience life . the count of monte cristo is a vivid potrayal of french life after the revolution , an epic account of a man 's quest for closure and an inspiration for the shawshank redemption . it is never too late to read it
at 37 , john wade was lieutenant governor of minnesota . at 40 , he ran for the u.s. senate . he was heavily favored to win . at 41 , he was n't just beaten in the primary , he was crushed --- " loser by landslide . "  what happened ? john wade had a secret . as secrets will , it came out at the worst possible time . and , suddenly , he was no longer a rising star --- he was a war criminal , a killer of babies , a man to be shunned . his secret was my lai . the vietnam war is now so far from us , and american history --- especially the history of a war we lost --- is so sketchily taught , and some of you are so very young that i really ought to take a minute here and , in quick brushstrokes , relate what happened in a little vietnam village on march 16 , 1968 . better idea : let tim o'brien tell it . he arrived in vietnam a year later , and served as a foot soldier there for a year . got wounded , got traumatized , the whole deal . here 's his account :  at approximately 7 : 30 on the morning , a company of roughly 115 american soldiers was inserted by helicopter just outside the village of my lai . they met no resistance . no enemy . no incoming fire . still , for the next four hours , charlie company killed whatever could be killed . they killed chickens . they killed dogs and cattle . they killed people , too . lots of people . women , infants , teen-agers , old men . the united states army 's criminal investigation division compiled a list of 343 fatalities and an independent army inquiry led by lieut . gen. william r. peers estimated that the death count may have exceeded 400 . at the son my memorial , a large tablet lists 504 names . according to col. william wilson , one of the original army investigators , " the crimes visited on the inhabitants of son my village included individual and group acts of murder , rape , sodomy , maiming , assault on noncombatants and the mistreatment and killing of detainees . "  eventually , after a cover-up that lasted more than a year and after the massacre made nationwide headlines , the army 's criminal investigation division produced sufficient evidence to charge 30 men with war crimes . of these , only a single soldier --- first lieut . william laws calley , jr. --- was ever convicted or spent time in prison . found guilty of the premeditated murder of " not less than " 22 civilians , calley was sentenced to life at hard labor , but after legal appeals and sentence reductions , his ultimate jail time amounted to three days in a stockade and four and a half months in prison . terrible , terrible . ( and ironic : seymour hersh , who broke the my lai story , now writes about the iraq war for the new yorker . ) but in fiction , o'brien does n't play judge and jury . john wade may have been at my lai and done terrible things there , but he found a way to live with his shame . and here 's the remarkable thing --- tim o'brien bends over backward to see it wade 's way . what i tell you now may seem like a plot " spoiler . " it 's not . " in the lake of the woods " is a mystery --- maybe even a thriller --- but it 's totally innovative in form . that is , we know right off that something happened . the first question is : what happened ? and then a gloomier question : who did it ? what we know : after the primary defeat , john wade and his wife kathy retreat to a cabin in the lake of the woods , a part of northern minnesota so remote that there 's nothing but water and islands between it and canada . thirty-six hours later , kathy disappears . did she flee ? did she drown ? did her husband --- reliving his vietnam experience --- kill her and dump her body into the lake ? not easy questions . and o'brien does n't answer them : " i tried to make each hypothesis plausible . john may have killed kathy . or kathy may have run off with someone else . or maybe she simply drowned . or got lost in that vast wilderness . i believed in each hypothesis as i wrote it . i inserted evidence to support each hypothesis --- just as life itself gives us contradictory evidence about a great many things . but in the end , it 's all a mystery , insoluble , beyond certainty . "  and to make it more mysterious , o'brien tells the story from multiple perspectives . offers testimony from many people . cites historical documents . and then amps up the uncertainly by giving wade a hobby --- magic . and maybe that 's what it comes down to --- an ungainly kid , an abusive father , a need for approval that never got satisfied . as o'brien writes :  " a fat little kid doing magic in front of a stand-up mirror . 'hey , kiddo , that 's a good one, ' his father could 've said , but for reasons unknown , reasons mysterious , the words never got spoken . he had wanted to be loved . and to be loved he had practiced deception . he had hidden the bad things . he had tricked up his own life . only for love . only to be loved . "  too simple ? a clue that takes you away from the solution ? could be : o'brien is that good . ( he won the national book award for " going after cacciato " . the new york times named the things they carried as one of the best books of the year in 1990 --- and chose " in the lake of the woods " for that list four years later . )  this much is sure : you start " in the lake of the woods " expecting one kind of book and quickly get another , darker , scarier book . you find yourself thinking " god , this is awful , " even as you read faster and faster . you cringe at what wade might have done , wince for what might have been done to him . and , as he comes apart , so do you . this is a harrowing book , as grown-up as it gets . it 's a great story , masterfully told . and more : it draws you in , demands your opinion . and then it demands your honest opinion --- because you have your secrets too , do n't you
an absolutely magnificent peice of literature ! the use of language is witty and funny and i have never experienced such joy from a collection of short stories before . the ''is he deep ? ' ' introduction set the mood of the bok and that question played on mind throughout the entire read . fantasti
robert barid 's exploration of history 's secret connections is brilliant . by integrating hidden and not presented in any other book various facts of sciences , he clearly shows that our ancestors had much deeper understanding of the reality than most of the modern people . i had a chance to explore many other books by this author available from his page on the world-mysteries.com and i highly recommend all of them
the gospel of judas has had its fifteen minutes of fame . it is but another in an endlessly long line of stories or documents meant to shake the foundations of the christian faith . like its many predecessors , it gave national geographic and anti-christian authors an opportunity to voice their dissension with the biblical story of jesus . a book titled the gospel of judas shot to near the top of the bestsellers lists and nearly as quickly , shot straight back down . still , while its popularity was short-lived , it allowed bart ehrman and other revisionists a chance to laud the epistle for its new insights into the life of christ . surely ehrman forever cast doubt upon his credibility as a historian when he blathered , " ( the gospel of judas ) is one of the greatest historical discoveries of the twentieth century . it rivals the finding of the dead sea scrolls or the gnostic gospels of nag hammadi . "  national geographic describes the importance of the document in this way : " the gospel of judas gives a different view of the relationship between jesus and judas , offering new insights into the disciple who betrayed jesus . unlike the accounts in the canonical gospels of matthew , mark , luke , and john , in which judas is portrayed as a reviled traitor , this newly discovered gospel portrays judas as acting at jesus ' request when he hands jesus over to the authorities . " a classically dualistic , gnostic document , the gospel of judas presents a jesus who is seeking to escape from the corruption of this physical world and asks judas to betray him so he can be free of this wickedness . judas complies and shows himself to be a hero , rather than a villain . no longer the betrayer , he is a faithful friend to jesus christ . renowned new testament scholar n.t . wright is the first christian to my knowledge to write a thorough refutation of the teachings of the gospel of judas . judas and the gospel of jesus is due for publication in october of 2006 and will be published by baker books . it is a short book , weighing in at only 144 pages , but provides a thorough treatment of the subject matter . wright is fair to this newly published document . he does not say that there is no value in the gospel of judas for surely there is , for it tells us much about the gnosticism that was a great opponent of early christianity . it gives historians access to an authentic , original document . but it tells us nothing about the real jesus and the real judas . those who would have us believe that this letter provides details about the real life of the real jesus can be little more than revisionists . wright shows that such people believe in what he calls " the new myth of christian origins . " this myth , popularized by men such as bart ehrman , has three main teachings : first , jesus was not as the canonical gospels portray him ; second , there were a great many different varieties of early christianity , and they produced a large number of different " gospels , " all of which circulated among christians more or less unchecked ; third , when christianity became consolidated in the fourth century , many teachings about the " true " christian faith were rejected . " classic christianity , " he says , " has a lot more life and promise than have ever been imagined by those who propose the new myth , or by those who offer newly discovered gnostic texts as the panacea for our ills . it is a shame that the churches have been so muzzled , so often self-blinded to the full dimensions of the gospel they profess , the gospel of jesus himself . "  through this short book , wright asks good questions and insightfully shows where the gospel of judas simply can not be held as equal in any way to scripture . he shows himself to be a new testament scholar the equal of any involved in promoting this new gospel . while the document appears to be genuine , it is little different and little more significant than the multitudes of other gnostic writings which have come down to us , even two millenia later . it is perhaps somewhat ironic that n.t . wright , who has reimagined and reinvented many of the teachings of paul ( and thus jesus ) , would be the first to make a stand for the truth against others who would seek to reinvent jesus . unfortunately , wright 's new perspectives are glimpsed , even if only dimly , through much of the text of this book . still , he offers a compelling response to ehrman and others and one well worth reading . i would tend to believe that , for most people , the gospel of judas is best ignored . it offers little that would be of interest to the average person . for those who do have interest in it , judas and the gospel of jesus will no doubt prove an interesting response to the irrational views espoused by those who wish to reinvent christianity and to cast doubt upon scripture
peter robinson is one of my favorite authors . when i travel on vacation i make sure to take his latest novel . " piece of my heart " transitioned between the present and a time about 25 years ago . the characters were well developed and the story line moved . there were many layers of sub-plots that were interwoven . i thoroughly enjoyed how everything was brought to its final conclusion .
" de-mystifying " a musical genre is a favorite practice of many historians , educators , and musicians , and has been overdone . unlike them , but not unlike a master performer , palmer is able to strike a balance between technique , feeling , and authenticity : he is historically and musically adept without denying the blues its inherent mystery and evocative nuance . palmer put his life into this work and it shows ; he without a doubt " convinces " . i highly recommend his deep blues .
my son chris played on this team . i love coach k as he has gotten me a job and new car . duke has saved my family 's life . this is a great book and all duke fans should read it . fist ! - vivian harpe
the plot is stronger than dick and jane , not quite at the dr. seuss level . but my 4-year-old loves the thing . he wants to read it - what more can one ask for a first reader than self-motivation ? good illustrations , basic vocabulary , frequent repetition , and not scary
this is probably the single best work i 've ever seen on the &quot ; science&quot ; of packing . joe back lived and worked in n.w . wyoming , and was a legend in the area . his humorous annecdotes , and extremely accurate hand drawn diagrams , combined with his obvious knowledge of the subject , make this a &quot ; must have&quot ; for anyone seriously interested in learning how to pack horses or mules , and survive . this little work deserves a place in any packer 's library
some previous reviewers have complained about the complex style and writing of this book . although in fact it is not an easily readable book , for the general public , if you have a serious interest about the history of the third reich , make no mistake : you will not be able to overlook this book , which will surely be a classic . it is a thoroughly well researched contribution about the connection between religious beliefs and mass fanaticism ; the interaction between the " new " domestic and international values , based on aggression ; and the other causes involved in the rise ( and fall ) of the iii reich . from a different perspective from other mainstream historians , this winner of the samuel johnson prize for non fiction , has accomplished quite an original scholarly feat , one which will enlighten the comprehension of this particular period of history . no wonder many international critics have found the subtitle of this opus -a new history- particularly well deserved . of great interest is the chapter related with the demise of the rule of law , a thorough analysis of the penetration of the judiciary and the subordination of the police and government to the totalitarian fuhrerprinzip
dark nature cuts to the very core of the will to survive . mr. watson takes you on an easy to read journey " up " the food chain to the homo sapiens : who is neither man nor kind . for me , dark nature removed judgment from the word " evil " , giving a deeper , behind the scene look at what drives life . a must read . this copy was purchased a gift . in my judgment to continue to grow i needed to understand this piece of myself and the world around me
as a professional bridal consultant , i keep an extensive library of wedding related books on hand to help my brides design their own weddings . ms. mcbride 's bridal flowers is one of my favorites . it is full of wonderful ideas - not just the traditional " must have " wedding flowers such as bouquets &amp ; boutonnieres , but the out-of-the-ordinary ( but inspiring ) boas , decorated lampposts &amp ; gilded calla lilies . ms. mcbride shows that flowers are for more than just being carried or worn . the large color photos are fantastic . so many other books have little or no photos , or hand drawn diagrams that leaves the reader wondering . ms. mcbride 's book lets you see exactly what she is talking about . it does n't claim to be a how-to book , but perfect to take along when visiting your floral designer
this rare book details aleister crowley 's ascension as the prophet of a new aeon , the aeon of horus . out of all the aleister crowley books in mass market format , this stood out in memory years after i read it as one of crowley 's most disturbing works . in fact , i questioned my new faith in crowley 's religion thelema reading this book ; this was for real and not a joke . after contemplating , i thought it would be worth it stick with this because witchcraft is now a cool thing amongst today 's youth and crowley was a famous early form of witchcraft as we know it today . this is serious stuff , i would n't mess around with this unless you are interested in the occult . it should be noted that real life ritual magick as described in these type of works really do work ; i did a ritual from necronomicon and lesser key of solomon to help with a college astronomy course- i got a respectable c grade when i close to failing with a d- . but be prepared for some harassment aboyt alleged satanism .
this is a wonderful book , which my children adore , and which taught them each to recognize the instruments in the orchestra before they were three
the patterns in this book are really interesting . they range from everything to cabled belts to baby booties to light sweaters . this is n't as informative as the original " stitch 'n bitch " book , but if you have mastered the basics , it is a good starting point for ideas . plus , it has tried and true tips and tricks from knitters accross the nation .
twain 's account of his years on the mississippi is part travel book , part memoir , and part historical work , with a few sketches , stories , and tall tales tossed in for good measure . there is even an outtake from the not-yet-published " huckleberry finn , " along with extensive excerpts from historical and contemporary accounts by other authors . this smorgasbord of material makes for an uneven book , but much of it shows mark twain at his humorous and humanistic best . the kernel of the volume ( and its best , most cohesive section ) is in chapters 4 through 17 ; this material appeared in the atlantic magazine in 1875 and recalls his early life as a crew member on steamboats in the early 1850s . his adventures as a young man are fraught with danger , full of comedy , populated by a number of ornery , mischievous , and reckless characters , and occasionally embellished ( although twain is a bit obvious when he 's fobbing off a yarn ) . as twain later wrote in " puddn'head wilson , " if there was anything better in this world than steamboating , it was the glory to be got by telling about it . "  after he published the series in the atlantic , twain added another 46 chapters ; much of it an account of his homecoming ( incognito--or so he 'd hoped ) to the mississippi river in 1882 , when the steamboat had been rendered obsolete by the railroad . many of these descriptions are unusually ( for twain ) melancholy ; he remarks upon the relatively emptiness of the river traffic and notes the transformations to the river and its banks that had made steamboat travel safer but less adventurous . his new journey provides opportunities to relate a number of stories--some allegedly told to him on the river and a few unpublished tales that he deemed relevant and worthy of inclusion . the material from other sources , unfortunately , tends to bog things down--and there are about 10,000 words of it commingled in the text and included as appendices . twain gathered newspaper articles and historical documents ; he also included travel writing from earlier visitors , primarily europeans distracted by how americans and their homes were horribly uncouth and dirty . ( you almost get the feeling that twain would have smacked " the once renowned and vigorously hated " frances trollope upside the head if he 'd had the chance ; she provides twain with the most interesting , if snooty , descriptions of traveling along the mississippi early in the century . )  the material twain wrote , however , more than compensates for the dryness of the extraneous stuff . as always , he is quotable , witty , amusing , and provocative . in spite of its excesses , nobody has done the mississippi better
i like the way it teaches fractions and does n't use candy
this is a terrific book for young and older children . it is a fun way to demonstrate why we need a universal form of measurement .
i love this book ! ! i 've owned it for about a year now , but just got it back after a very long visit to my mother-in-law . ( 3 months ) she loved the book also and did n't want to give it back ! she bought one of her own ! thank goodness ! i think she got tired of reading the recipes over the phone to me ! lol ! anyways great book , lots of information . also great for what ever size machine you have . does small ( 1lb ) , med . ( 1 1/2lbs . ) and large ( 2lbs ) . for each recipe .
how this book flew under the nation 's radar---i 'll ever know . furthermore it 's discouraging as hell because it only goes to prove that great work so often goes unrecognized . this book plays out like a spielberg movie from page one . very spielbergian because of it 's perfect blend of adventure , romance and humor . the characters are dynamic and interesting as hell . the storyline is straight out of an indiana jones serial , and it keeps building until you 're reading as fast as you possibly can just to see what happens . the art work is astounding . these are the coolest-looking heroes , sexiest women , and the most powerful looking baddies i 've ever seen penciled in my life . it 's just a shame that this book is n't getting the buzz that crap like " ultimate spider-man " is getting---because in all reality this is the best graphic novel on the shelves right now---and could easily be the film adaptation that could return steven spielberg to greatness . for once in a very long time...i 'm truly blown away .
on the way to a conference in new orleans , my flight from raleigh to charlotte was cancelled due to mechanical problems , and i was booked on a flight to d.c. as i boarded the plane with &quot ; the carolina way&quot ; under my arm , a gentleman seated at the front of the plane asked how i was enjoying the book . i explained that i had not yet started the book , so i could not give an answer . the gentleman followed me to my seat and introduced himself as dr. gerald bell , the co-author of &quot ; the carolina way&quot ; . myself a carolina fan , i was pleased to meet dr. bell , as he spent several minutes talking about coach smith , whom i have admired for over forty years , and the unc basketball program , which is presently undergoing a much needed resurgence under coach roy williams . dr. bell 's contributions to the book tie coach smith 's leadership philosophy to practical business applications by relating wonderful anecdotal references from carolina 's storied history to today 's business situations . surely , coach smith , given his ability to recruit top players , has been criticized by many for his failure to win ncaa championships in the manner of coach john wooden at ucla , but winning two ncaa championships , winning at a consistency high level unmatched by any program without violating strict ncaa rules , and coaching top players that graduated at a + 90 % rate and have gone on to be successes in their chosen professions underscore the unique successes of coach smith 's &quot ; system&quot ; . teamwork , integrity , loyalty , and hard work , are the cornerstones of the carolina way , and anyone in the position of managing , leading , or molding young people today would benefit from reading this book , corny as it is at times . this book is not just for carolina basketball fans
this is my favorite jonathan kellerman novel . the book focuses on a disturbing story about munchausen 's disease by proxy . this book so quickly caught my interest , that i ended up doing my psych 101 paper on this disease . i had not heard of this disorder when i read the book . it was disturbing , intense , and tore away at your heart . i would definitely recommend this book ! munchausen 's disease seems to have become a more popular topic since i read this book . i have seen countless documentaries on , and it was also featured in the newest episode of house . it is a disturbing , yet intriguing disease , and this book delves straight into the ugliest form of it , munchausen 's disease by proxy
the story of illidan , malfurion , rhonin , and krasus using dark powers , heroic strength is enough to blow anyone away . iy enchants me , it shows the world of warcraft from a combination of knaak 's and blizzard entertainment 's imagination
my three year old loves this and i do too ! it is a great book to share at xmas as well . the pictures are wonderful and we are giving it to nursery school as part of chinese new year celebration
as an overweight , stressed-out , 40-something professional , i am thrilled to find this book ! the spark is exactly what i needed to get my body moving again . i am one of those who had fallen for the 1-hour a day exercise trap , and if i did n't have an hour , which i usually do n't , i just did n't exercise . i love doing my three to four sparks a day , knowing i am doing my body far more good than waiting for that elusive day when i can fit in 45 minutes or more for my workout . this is a wonderful concept , and so doable ! it 's working ! ! thank you
always think twice . never jump to hasty conclusions without considering all the effects of an act or decision . that 's the essence of economics : " looking not merely at the immediate but at the longer effects of any act or policy . "  most economic fallacies are the result of ignoring this lesson , as henry hazlitt clearly shows with many examples throughout this witty short book . are there benefits in destruction ( let it be a humble broken window or a bloody war ? is government spending the solution to unemployment or industries in trouble ? can taxes benefit the economy of a country ? do inflationary policies really encourage a well-functioning economy or are they just a smokescreen to conceal otherwise unpopular decisions ? are all labor union practices truly justified ? and , what about tariffs , subsidies , parity prices , rent control , or minimum wage laws ? these are the kind of issues the author analyses beyond what you can usually hear , read , or see on the media . beyond what you may think about the government 's role in the economy , whether you agree or not with the author 's liberal views , " economics in one lesson " shows how one should always try to see beyond the obvious and avoid missing the forest for the trees . as the author points out , half-truths presented as complete truths are behind most economic fallacies . demagogues and 'rogue ' economists try to divert our attention by focusing only on the most visible effects of a given decision ( or , in the worst cases , on the only effects that should be seen not to discredit an already decided course of action ) . learning to supplement and correct their half-truths with the other half is the most reasonable thing an independent thinker can do . btw , " economics in one lesson " might be a good place to start. .
i found this in the church library , but it is not christian fiction . it is simply an easy read . the story is sweet , made even sweeter by the topic . cake . i am not even much of a cake person . i normally prefer ice cream or some sort of brownies/cookies , etc.. . but , as i read , i found myself longing for a bit of these intoxicating concoctions put together by the narrator . i do n't recommend this book if you are diabetic or on a diet . the need for sweets will be simply overpowering
overall this book is just fine for someone interested in cooking with a do . the mix of recipes is fine , but they just seemed to be missing something . they were all more or less of the &quot ; huck a good sized hen into the pot and cook for a while until done&quot ; variety . all of the recipes look tasty , though i would have liked to have seen a few more meat dishes , especially some more creative ones . let 's be honest , when you pay for a book you 'd like to see more than &quot ; ...put a 5 lb beef roast into a preheated dutch oven , salt and pepper to taste , cook until done.&quot ; give me a little something to work with here ! inspire me ! i can already cook a roast like this in the oven . having said all of that , i would still reccommend this book . the vegetable dishes and desserts look fantastic and i ca n't wait to try some of them . as an aside , this is the only dutch oven book i 've seen with heart-healthy recipes as well as more traditional fare . given that the average do book requires the use of a metric ton of lard , this will probably appeal to a wider range of cooks
both of my boys love this book and request it over and over again . it is such a fun book to read because the children interact with the reader by answering the questions . love it !
&quot ; the shaman 's apprentice&quot ; presents more information about the relationship between people and nature than many much larger volumes . the story of kamanya , gabriela , and the shaman nahtahlah , educates children about the important roles of all living things . the text is supported by rich and colorful illustrations which easily maintains the interest of children from four to 14 . if you want the children in your life to understand the importance of rain forests and the need to preserve them , you must have this book
john gunther 's inside u.s.a. comes as close to time travel as we are likely to get , hurling us back to the america of 1947 , as he explores , state by state , the people , politics , issues , passions and fads that make up our country . written with great energy and insight , gunther captures an america justly proud of its wwii success , still unsure of its role in the world , and populated by fascinating characters like mayor laguardia of new york , governor saltonstall of massachusetts and boss hague of jersey city . gunther describes regional characteristics that persist today . he captures aspects of america that are gone,l never to return ( an &quot ; industrial&quot ; nation based on coal , iron ore and steel . ) and he foresees issues that dog america to this day -- the &quot ; negro problem&quot ; ( actually , the &quot ; white problem.&quot ; ) he condemns the segregationist society he finds in america , so inconsistent with its lofty ideals . as you can tell , i loved this book . it 's very hefty -- but every time you are about to put it down , gunther comes up with another amazing fact or interesting sidelight that keeps you reading . all this said , gunther does concentrate on the ( a ) historical , ( b ) political and ( c ) economic side of things . you wo n't find much here about the arts or science . but it is amazing a single individual could have compiled this much data and presented it so interestingly
this is the sixth and final addition to the author 's excellent holiday time series , just in time for rosh hashanah ! as in the other titles , ( it 's challah time ! it 's seder time ! etc . ) tod cohen 's full-color photos capture the joyousness of the children as they learn to celebrate the holiday wearing new clothes , making jewish new year 's cards for their families , tasting new foods such as pomegranates and star fruits , and blowing the shofar . the sounds of the shofar are explained in easy , understandable terms for this young age level . the children are also shown learning such things as tying their shoes and writing their names . the brief amount of text on each page and very appealing children pictured learning to make round challot and blow the shofar make this just right for using with pre-schoolers , their parents , and in the classroom . included is an easy shofar craft and a brief paragraph about rosh hashanah . recommended for all jewish libraries . ages : 4-6 . reviewed by andrea davidso
pretty much all of the todd parr books we 've read are great but the " peace book " and the " family book " are by far our favorites . they are very positive and carry a theme of tolerance . we 'd highly recommend this book !
